The project manager opens the meeting, stating that it is about conceptual design. He restates the last meeting's descision that they will not do speech recognition technology but says they still have to decide whether to use an LCD screen. Then they move on to the three presentations. The marketing expert is first to present, and he talks about making a pleasant-looking device, particularly one that favors current trends. They then begin talking about using a fruit, vegetable, or natural object as the shape of the remote, the logo, or for the buttons. Eventually they decide to make the device the shape of a banana. Next, the user interface specialist presents. He annouces that the technology division of their company has developed an integrated programmeable sample speaker unit, which would allow a person to have a conversation with the remote control. They have the option of using that technology. He shows them his plan what the remote control could look like and the features it might have. He suggests putting two scroll wheels- one for changing the channel and another for the volume. He also included a turbo button for speed, which he thinks every design should have. Since they can only charge twenty-five euro they decide to eliminate the LCD screen idea. After that the interface specialist talks about having a base station for the purpose of finding the remote control when lost. The user could simply press a button on the base station and the remote control would start beeping. Lastly, the industrial designer presents, discussing the power source of the remote control. He suggests that they could have one of two kinds of power supplies- the usual batteries or rechargable ones if there is to be a base station and they could place solar cells on top for times when the lighting is good. He talks about using plastic with elasticity so that the remote would not break into pieces if it fell, which relates to their earlier discussion about giving it a spongy design. Plastic is also less costly than other options of wood or titanum. In addition, he talks about giving the control a double curve, curves on both the sides so that it is easy to hold and handle. They do not yet seem set about the idea of making it a banana shape, and one group member feels that the shape is not handy. The industrial desiger tells them they will use a regular chip rather than the advanced one since pricing is a factor. They agree on having base station with the remote. They go on to have discussion, with one member suggesting that they make the banana more stylized so that it looks less like a banana- for example, it could be silver. After that the project manager has them discuss/reiterate the decisions made during the meeting:  no LCD screen, the remote will have a base station, a RF for beeping, a button on the base station to press, possibly a stylish banana-shape for the control, 2 scroll wheels to control the volume and channels at the thumb level, a turbo button perhaps underneath the device, on/off button for the TV. 