Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Basically that's fine, yeah. Yeah, we could because this could be just some uh a little just just describe some screen-shots or something. Yeah, you can either have and we can just ignore that bit. Or you can have Yeah. Yeah, you can either have the Yeah, it says screen-shot there and stuff. But th you can either have screen-shots by the thing, each one, or um have just a bunch of 'em in one session. It doesn't Yeah. I've written the topic segmentation one. Uh it should be alright. Do we d I think Pernilla should do it, yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah, exactly. She's only gonna tell us we got it wrong anyway. So I'm only joking. Th you can you can perfect it and Sleep, sleep, food, sleep. Sabotage it. Yeah. Yeah. Nah. It's a good thing to have, to say we cou what we could have done if we had more time. A good future work thing, isn't it? Stick in the conclusion of the final report. Should if we had more time, this is what we would have done. Yeah. Yeah, if Yeah if We don't think there's enough time. Or we felt there were more important things to do with our time than than worry about Yeah, that's a good idea. You have should have a section probably. The best file on target or something. Or t Well And so I've only got six days to do the topic segmentation as well. Jesus. Yeah. Uh Speaker characterisation. Jesus. Speaker characterisation's supposed to be done already. Yeah, two days ago. Give me a week and I'll tell you the answer to that. Or maybe the speaker characterisation might get slimmer. Probably we won't disappear it, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, we won't make it disappear, but we might thin it down a bit. Um but we might not, you know, but we might have time. Depends how how how how things m. The topic segmentation with the L_C_ seg and text tiles basically done. It just needs to be done because you know what I mean, the co yeah, tuned, yeah. A search through the parameters or something. Let's see what happens. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah yeah yeah. Certainly. How about the underlying data for it? For the d inverted file. How's that coming along? Yeah. Coming along. Easy, yeah. Just yeah, well it just um when he pulls up the segments um part of that, one of the f one of the attributes you do get attributes. get attributes, it returns a list of attributes. Search through those and and then it just you can that will tell you what attributes it's got. And then you can either do it automatically or you can just hard-code and say, look, get me the time stamps. So you just say um get attribute and put I think it's I think the method's called get attribute and just it's called start time and end time. And that will tell you the start times and end times. I think it returns it double. Yeah, that's on the um the n the the NOM right elements. The the the uh the object is a NOM right element, I think. That should uh tell you what it is. What, have th th uh you confuse me. Do you have um three separate windows for the three separate different types of results? Okay, not not three different okay, okay, cool. Yeah. Okay. Right, yep. Yeah. Yeah. Or tabs or something. Yeah yeah, it's three panes. It's called a NITE text pane or something, isn't it? Is it? Text area or something something like that, yeah. NOM text, yeah. Mostly things are called NOM. Yeah. NITE object model, I think. NITE object model, I think that's what With the um The removing the disfluencies, have you done anything with that yet? Anybody. 'Cause um I was wondering how we're gonna write it back to H_T_M_L_ I mean X_M_L_, if we take if we did the processing. Writing it back to X_M_L_ Seems There's a blop of text. Text file. You will very much limit what you can do with it if it's not in X_M_L_ format. There is some bizarre method that puts things back into X_M_L_ format. But What Oh, select what we want, just take bits of the X_M_L_ and take only it takes certain segments. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Certain segments. Okay, yeah, yeah. Alright. Okay. That It says something different there. That's what Then written to a written to a file. I kinda doubt just that it would ever be done. But that will mean that you can only do things on actually no uh, 'cause you need to do things on word level. So yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. It's fine. Yeah. Yeah, but it would It would just be blurb like a summary. It won't look like it won't say, speaker X_ says this, speaker Y_ says that, speaker Z_ says this. And Yeah. Then it will look ugly probably, 'cause it will look just black and white. Unless you want as dark colouring. No no, I don't think that's I think it's true. It does it on the fly anyway, didn't it. So So then just goes through it and says if this word equals that then print. Just a bunch of if statements is Yeah, you probably could actually. This is probably and that's probably not that much more difficult. You just fatten the code out a bit. I It would be the same thing. And they can't yeah, exactly. Shouldn't, no. It's just uh they'd just be if statements when they fast if statements, aren't they. This is loads of if statements. Well is that I wouldn't wanna have to put it take to put it back into X_M_L_ with Java. Even trying to read it in X_M_L_ with Java was complicated enough. I gave up doing that completely and just defaulted back to n uh NITE stuff, 'cause it was much much much easier. So if we can do it with NITE stuff, do it with NITE stuff, I think. Otherwise, you're gonna be s Java, trying to do s it was just so complicated it was ridiculous. Don't believe it. You have to d start defining object models like the NITE thing and getting all bizarre w weird things. It was mad. Yeah. I spoke to. Yeah, it's always it's, is it. It's just a it's just a for loop, really. Should be fine, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I included a future work in my own section. But I just said I said what I've done so far and what I'm gonna do, and some pro some issues. I think you lose the You might lose a bit of continuity if you do that, though. That's what I was thinking. But sometimes it's easier to have the top it in its own its sections, if you see what I mean. So you talk about speaker characterisation, you say what you've done and Goals or something. Something bullet pr bullet bullet points. Yeah. Because if you have a discursive thing here and then another discursive thing there, if they're not together you lose a lot of the um the continuity, I think. But um So apart from that yeah. Yeah. You stick it together. She'll shine it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. S Steve-O_. Twelve days and write, yeah. Not much without any of us