More. It's usually a context problem, because I think sometimes if it's not intelligible you either tend to because you really want it to fit the context, um you tend to take the closest actual word that would fit the context, or if it sometimes it sounds very clear as a word itself, but then wouldn't make sense at all, and then you m question, you know, second-guess whether it's really what you heard. Mm. Hmm. Be robust. That's always fun. I've done that too. Oh, never I I don't wanna interrupt it. Uh uh when I did my masters um I took uh S_P_ one and S_P_ two with Simon King. Yes. And actually I've done quite well in S_P_ one, I've done it a bit worse in S_P_ two because it was a l a lot more challenging. Okay. Yeah. Right. Okay. Back to the topic. Yeah. I think that's actually the only case where you don't or where you're not supposed to capitalise, right? So if it's quite clear that the sentence is being carried on, the p you know, the sentence from the previous segment is being carried on, then that's when you don't capitalise. Otherwise you do. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you sometimes you don't know really whether it's a mic noise or that person is making that noise. Yeah. Okay. And how exact do we have to be there? Because um you know, some people tend to stutter more than others and then they would have a false start four or five times in a row. And how important is it to listen to it really until you've got the exact number of a things right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, 'cause sometimes they go you know, like that, and then you're not really sure whether it's three times or four yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well, it's not that the word is if the word were the whole word were being used four times, that wouldn't have been that difficult, but sometimes it's just a false start, which is really just maybe one or one and a half phones and then repeated and then you don't really know whether one is a long duration of one or whether it's actually two, and that kind of thing, so it's I think it was a word starting with D_ and the person was going or s you know. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Well, speaking about Speaking about robustness, if if somebody has an accent that you can only really understand what they're saying due to world knowledge yeah, it what they say, it doesn't really actually sound at all, you know, what it is, then do you transcribe more phonetically or do you put uh uh a star of after every single one word? Or Yeah, that's what I thought, that you're not supposed to do it, but um the one there's one I'm transcribing right now, you know, a whole batch of dialogues where uh all four participants are non-native, and there's especially one there that um I think he's Eastern European and I think that's the only reason I can understand what he's saying at all, because I'm Eastern European and uh but if we would just play it I think to a recognizer, then what he says, you know, the way he realises words, sounds nothing at all like it it should be. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's less of a s it's less of a stress. It's really like uh his uh, I don't know, just the phonemes sounding differently. Well, you can't really, because it would be all of it. Oh. Yeah. Oh, I think I've transcribed him and I had project at all um evolution criteria. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. And one guy who was saying evolution each time he meant evaluation, and it took me a whole dialogue Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but that's really something I would always transcribe it, you know, for lack of better knowledge or lack of context, and then at the end of the dialogue it dawned on me that he actually meant evaluation, and then I went back and replaced I replaced it in the whole transcription. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, basically th I think just do your best and hope for the best. Well, we have both head-set and lapel transcription. So it's not too bad. Yeah, let's have Maarika transcribe that. Mm-hmm. Um sorry, I'm just seeing this with the T_V_, there is T_ underscore V_ underscore. I thought we're just supposed to use the underscore between letters? No? Okay, sorry, then I've done it wrong so far. Okay. But it is a back-track. Yeah, I think of it in terms of, you know, not even maybe to well, if I th if you think of it in terms of a syntactic tree, it n doesn't have to go back all the way to the S_ node, but it just m it might go back to the last node or something like that. Yeah. Well it's just my way of of knowing if it w sorry, 'cause linguistics is all I've ever known. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Where? Oh, et cetera.. Is it one word or is it two words? Okay. Because I thought it would be like et alii. But in sh it isn't it in Latin like et cetera, like et alii or No no no, like et w you know, when you have uh when you have a citation and you say et al, it means and others, et et al et alii is the full word, and et cetera means and following. So Yeah. Oh in it is, okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think Yeah, I think i if somebody could write I don't know how difficult it would be in practice to write a script that would ignore um all the word fragments, anything with a hyphen. Then a spell-check might make make sense. But uh to just use simple Emacs, it will uh basically mark um all the word fragments for you, and uh, you know, and I know from experience, at some point you also get negligent, you just click okay okay okay, you know, that's not a mistake, and then you might miss a real error. So it doesn't make any sense. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But see is a actual full word, shouldn't it there b shouldn't there be a space between see and the hyphen? You know, not to be not to be pedantic. After the no, the the C_ and the hyphen, shouldn't there be a space? Okay. Yeah. Um the would and w No. But sometimes it's really difficult, sometimes you really don't know whether they're saying will or would. Yeah, he it it's his yeah. But if if it's not clear, do I just pick uh do you just pick the more grammatic alternative? Or B yeah. But if it but if it's really not absolutely not clear, when they say instea you know, some people when they swallow up the the last bit. Or do we just then transcribe? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. The um should be capitalised. Yeah. Okay. Oh, okay. No. Yeah. Yeah. Um okay, so what about if a whole utterance is uttered while laughing? Do you put the laughter in front? Or in what I usu when that happens what I do is I put laughter in front, then the whole sentence and laughter in, you know, at the end as well. So Yeah. No, but it's it's laughter th throughout. Yeah. There's some people laughing themselves silly at absolutely nothing while while they speak. Mm-hmm. Because in the ICSI dialogues um they always say, you know, while laughing, and we don't do that. So They say either so there it's really not ambiguous whether it's just laugh followed by an a normally spoken utterance or whether it's an utterance spoken while laughing. I think there is a distinction there and we don't have that. Yeah. 'Kay. Morse code. Morse. Yeah. But then I w but then I wouldn't put an asterisk on it. I thought asterisk is something where um it's c it's pronounced as a totally different word, like evaluation and evolution. No? Okay. Oh. Yeah, cause I this is a very frequent mistake that no native speakers make, to say circuit instead of circuit. Mm. Mm. Is push buttons two words? I used one word. Okay. Well it could be she would or should as well. Yeah. Mm. I haven't either. It's just too silly. I'm just thinking of uh you know an utterance consisting entirely of laughter and then putting like punctuation in, like. Sorry. Yeah, because it was it was really just silence and you're asking the person to just get rid of. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Oh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Just to make sense of a sentence. What does cutest spelling mean? Oh, okay. Okay. Oh. Well, if you were Cockney, then Sorry. A_ or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, with some people it actually leads to some really screeching noises, because they're so loud or probably the mic is so close. I had this one um in one of the first dialogues I did, the g this guy called Ed, you could uh always see the waveform actually, you know, being just hitting um the b the boundaries on on both ends and just being at some points just black segments. And when he was talking there was this whole, like you know when you speak to close to a microphone, and that was really horrible. The rest. Hmm. Mister Ed. Oh, I had one guy, one of the project managers was um he had a really weird accent and he was calling um one guy Mister Ed. His name was Ed, and it took me a whole time to, you find out that it was actually Mister Ed. Or Yeah. No, but that it wasn't one word, that it wasn't like some proper name starting with M_. Yeah. Well, but don't you guys have um have this data? Know the people na people's names, like when you Collect the data, th aren't people filling out a form or something? Okay. Yeah. No, but it's information that we theoretically have. Mm. We didn't sign one. Mm-hmm. Mister just to Yeah. No, M_ Mi U_S_ Mi Missus, the Missus. What if somebody calls themselves Ms? I mean it's not not that it ever happened, but yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, so even if we know what that word means we're not supposed to right. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause I have there is one dialogue where I think two speakers are French, like one is definitely French, and I know she is saying and then somebody s saying something to her and she goes comment and then you know you know that, so yeah.. Oh, not really, but on comment, yeah. Ok No. Okay. No. Their own. Probably. Yeah, I can hear the chairs moving and the Yeah. Oh, the white-board marker has a camera as well. M_. No well apostrophe and then K_ A_ Y_. That marker smells really bad. It probably became addicted to the fumes. Over a minute. Mm-hmm. Okay. So if something is a minute and three seconds I can still have it, right? Mm-hmm. Um if you just click on one of the arrows. Um in in the resolution thingy, um it will Yeah, on this one. No, not not the other one, this one. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and you can also if you go to signal and Um that's it's something under signal, where you can adjust the amplitude as well, on resolution. Um Then you can also wait. No, I think that's not if you go to control panel. Signal control panel. No no, signal, control pan Um the vertical zoom, you can adjust that as well, so if it seems too flat for you or you can't really Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Well, I don't know about I know about this for the summarisation, I haven't done this with uh transcription yet. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um I've got a three month contract, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Excuse me. Yeah, I haven't gotten paid for the first two weeks, 'cause um I w I only have a three month contract starting February, but I started mid-January. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Alright. Is your husband now a stay-at-home-dad? He's sleeping through. Yeah.