No. Oh. Channel. Mm 'kay. L I could take notes this time, I guess. I'll takes notes this time, I guess. Actually, I suppose I'll use this. Um actually first thing I just sorta did a really sorta brief um, yeah, version of what we have to do. Um actually I can just take that if you want. Actually for that I was just copying the one straight out of the other documents. So it's all, whatever inaccurate and well But yeah. Okay. Um Oh she has. She has her own. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, just sorta well the thing is, yeah, we're gonna be touching on all that during the other part for the progress and putting screen-shots and all the rest yeah, exact yeah. Well it's something that he had mentioned in the um in the previous like just to sort of have a prototype together, and so I was just saying that, you know, we could potentially do that. I don't know. It's not something we have to Alter. Yeah, Yeah, sure. Like the thing is I was thinking even in the stuff that I was doing, I mean, just throw the screen-shots in there when you talk about what you're doing, right. It kinda makes sense. So yeah. Oh yes, oh actually I have a I have that at the very end screen-shots. But that didn't show up on this page. So it's not even relevant. So Yeah. Yeah. Anyways, so um so yeah, this just very general structure um, I guess from this we can just pop in our little blurbs and and uh. Oh yeah? Cool. I guess. Um so I don't know if there's other stuff that you think should be done to this, I could do that before I mail it to you guys. Um otherwise yeah. Um did someone else wanna throw it togeth Actually I can probably still throw it together if you want, um put your parts into into this one. I'm the perfectionist, right. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good idea. Let's just cut out the middle man, you know. Just yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or you just leave your computer on maybe. Logged in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Actually I noticed that no one is. Anyways, alright. Okay. So I'll send it off to you. Then um Yep. Okay. Right. Actually d um Yeah. Was there anything else we wanted to add to the time-line? I mean essentially it was what like f um you can't see it right there. Here, I'll s here's the old one. Well, that's that's the orig this the original one. Yeah, yeah, which just copied straight out. Um Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Unless we d unless we discover some sorta time-warp thing, it's not gonna happen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. This, this, and this. Or some of them were later, some were yeah. We could even Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. More or less. Yeah. Search, yeah. P plus plus or minus three days to yeah. Yeah, that's that that's true too. That's true, yeah. Ah that's plenty. You don't have any uh S_P_N_L_P_ assignments, do you? Yeah. Oh really? Oh Jeez. H Um is are one of those something that you wanna change and delete from our list of expectations? Yeah. Okay. Alright. Like should we put i a hint that something like that might happen into the document? Okay. Alright. Okay. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Yeah, true. Yeah. Okay, sounds good. Yeah. Okay. Tuned I guess or yeah. Yeah. Cool. Mm. Okay. Right. Yeah. Well I could probably just copy that straight out of the other one as well. That's essentially the same as it was. Maybe more detailed specifically. Mm. Split those apart? Yeah. I think so, yeah, like, yeah, inverted file. Yeah, exactly. Oh. Well if we're skipping the audio one, and then things got easier. Um Yeah. Yeah. Have you taken any more of a look at it? Have you taken any more of a look at it? At the disfluenc okay. Yeah. Okay. We could probably I know if we'll have time to look at that before tomorrow. We could just make it up. Like I'll claim one, you'll claim the other for the search things, and then we could leave that one as a a joint one. And that'd be good? 'Kay. Um I found finally today something that I can build it in and it uh I should have something for tomorrow. I should uh, you know, at least very least have uh um a GUI and uh wire I'll be wiring that in hopefully tomorrow morning. So I wanna get something I wanna see this, I wanna get it together. Have an image in my mind and I just wanna see it on the thing and then get a nice screen-shot. So Um Mm-hmm. Well. W well well it doesn't really matter, I mean you could write the sentences first as well. I mean with the intention that this is done. I mean and also some sometimes it's a bit of a motivating factor too. I mean you write down the words and the ideas as, oh, okay, well I'll do this, I'll do that, you know, it just all falls together. Hmm. Oh. Oh yeah. Um there is, but I w I haven't made a lot of changes to it, so I might just um delete what I've done and copy again from yours. 'Cause I'm sure you've probably made some changes already. Oh really? Since Friday,? Okay. I thought you said okay. Oh right, I see. Okay. I thought you said that you had written some things that maybe have caused some bugs and that you were gonna fix those on the weekend or something. No, okay. Alright. Alright, yeah, okay. Right. Okay, cool. Um yeah, so if you although there's stuff out there that actually I'm gonna try and minimise the amount of changes I make to M_ browser anyways. Shouldn't um shouldn't be an issue. Actually just to clarify last week when we were talking about our search results, um like if we have topics as well as transcripts as well as what was the other? Summaries. Um do we want separate result panes uh for each of those? Or do we want them all in one pane with like an icon or a different colour or something to indicate what type of result they are? So that when they, you know, click on that, it's gonna go to the relevant thing. Like just if they check all three say topics, summaries, blah blah blah, have three different windows come up? Or three like sub sub-panes sort of. Um What um I thought what we sorta discussed last week was to have it sort um the same window, um so it'll be on the search window, bottom half of the search window. Um I don't know if we still wanna keep it that way, but that's uh that's what I was gonna be working. So so it's just like you click those and it's just loads up. You know, splits that thing into like two or three or whatever that is. One, two or three, depending on which ones you check. And then um so if we wanna do it that way, you know like it probably doesn't matter too much. Just trying to think if there's gonna be any other issues down the road um depending on No, just just panes, just result panes for each of the three no no no, no No. No, no. So so it's just when we click, you know, topics and summaries for what we wanna search, then it'll uh You know, there'll be two result panes. So for one for topics, one for I don't not really tabs. Um But then you can't see all of them at the same time, and it's just like Well it's no, but the thing is if you're looking if you could check them both um you wanna see all the results. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so the summary and the topic and the transcript are um So Um or we could just put them all into one result pane on that same window and just indicate Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, I guess that was the other thing whether we wanna have this reorder by columns and all that. But that's a hassle too. It's a lot of work.. Yeah. I think, yeah, probably by meeting makes most sense. I mean essentially they're tem you know, in time order. So yeah, that kinda makes most sense. Least uh Yeah. Yeah. Should be an easy no, I don't know actually. Should be fairly easy, I guess. Yeah. Thinking sometimes in a case like that, like a run across um in other languages, just that it's hard to tell what kind of object it was originally, once it's put into like a list-box or something. It's hard to tell whether it was a a transcript or whatever. And then if we're highlighting something in a transcript window, it may be difficult to get that information back once it's just in a list-box, an item in a list-box. So let's there's yeah. Whereas if it's coming from Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. It's just silly. Yeah. Um yeah, it's just like from past experience I've there's goofy little things that happen, and it just doesn't let you save certain things, and it's just kinda um trying to to do a different kind of to go to a different window. So if you wanna go to the actual highlight the transcript or highlight the topic or highlight the summary. At that point, that's sorta where it starts getting a little bit tricky, 'cause you're working with an event handler within the one panel or list-box or whatever it is. And uh So Um there are ways around it, but you know, whether I'll be able to figure something out like that till before tomorrow yeah, I know. Or delegates or whatever the all that stuff. So Anyways Right. I think so. I think he was saying that as long as we implement that um interface um it should work with anything that we do. Like highlighting the yeah. I think that was um who is saying that? Um wasn't Jonathan saying something about that. I think it was just like as long as we implement one of these interfaces for this particular type of window, we should be able to have that highlighting happen. I don't know. I don't Anyways Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay. Okay, maybe I should maybe I should use that as well in my Yeah, okay. Hmm. Yeah, why. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. Mm. No. Um It's I thought we were just going to have that as words. Like not ev not as X_M_L_, just sort of as a Was that What was that um What transcripts recent oh no, transcript no, 'cause then we need all the other data if we wanna keep it a transcript, right. Yeah. Yeah, that's true, yeah. Good point. Hmm. Oh yeah? Okay, then that's then that's not yeah. Yeah, I know. That's sorta what we were thinking before. Actually, but this makes more sense. Yeah. Yeah, if we're gonna do the X_M_L_, then fine, that's that probably makes it easier. Mm-hmm. As text, you mean? The thing is like well how would we display the like if we do take disfluencies out and just c you know, create a text file, take the disfluencies out of the text file and then yeah. Unless we extract that out of the file when we create the text file. Yeah. That's true too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Or I don't know. I was just thinking as well, I mean we could probably even use like X_S_L_T_ to kinda just transform it and, you know, flip it into uh yeah, just uh transforms um like um style sheet, the um X_M_L_ style sheet. And then it's kinda like there's usually things built in to well should be built into Java, I mean to process X_M_L_ into like in just creates whatever file it's gonna be in. Uh it's been a f couple of years since I've looked into anything like this. But uh that might even be an easier way. And then that way we could even pre-process that before hand. I don't know, do well we don't wanna have to do that, right? Although on the fly it's typic it's it's typically pretty fun. Oh right? Oh really? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Are you serious? It's insane. Actually I was thinking I might try and talk to who is it, Jonathan and Jean? Like just to see h what they what system they used to develop this stuff. 'Cause it would be nice to have all the tools there and just like have the object model and just kind of like plug and play with everything and just to actually use the system, you know, at a higher level rather than kinda, you know, playing around with a little bit of code and modifying their code and doing this and that. It'd be nice to just sorta see what they're doing. So I might uh try and contact them, see if there's, I don't know, any other hints they could give us. Just to get things, I don't know, moving at a higher level I guess. It seems it'd be more interesting to use it as a a real developer would. 'Cause just seems like a little tinkering here and there and just adding couple things and, I don't know. So A channel. N no no, it shouldn't be, no. It should be higher level. It should be conceptual and, you know, coming up with the the brilliant ideas and then just, yeah, bringing those to reality. Yeah. I don't know. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Like the thing that I was thinking there is well is that once it's done for a f you know, one meeting, it's done and it's there. It's file. Text file or X_M_L_ or whatever it is. But yeah, just, I don't know, just it doesn't make any difference really either way to me. It's like hmm if it's fast enough on the fly, then sure. Um that's about the only issue I have with on the fly, whether it's fast enough. Hmm. Especially with Java and all this other crap. it's just if it's loading the file and doing all the rest and processing the p Yeah. Right. Yeah. Whether it runs out of memory. Hmm. Um Yeah yeah. Right. Actually yeah, that makes sense. Um oh like into each separate I know yeah. Yeah, act Okay. I think that does make sense. But maybe at the end, maybe just uh a point form of, you know, things that we're still working on, things that we'll do. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know what you mean. Yep. Yeah. Actually I'll just Oh that's true. Hmm 'kay. Yeah. Snore. Okay. Or or she'll just take she can take it from now. Doesn't matter. Or do you want to or no? Uh okay I c I can yeah sure, if you wanna send them to me that's fine. Yeah, okay, actually no no n actually that's a good idea, I'll take one quick look over, try and get it as good as I think that we yeah. Okay. Purely a formality. Right. Okay, we're changing dialogue back to hello Jean. No. Okay. Oh. I have. Okay. Oh, oh, right, okay. Well, I thought you had tomorrow off.