So if you've um if you're back to a page, then you tick it again to leave it for the second time. I don't believe all this stuff. It's just amazing. Mm-hmm. Right. Fine. Yep. And um you're gonna was it your idea to stick the bit in it where you say um uh, you know, you're we're inviting like from quite a wide audience we give priority to linguists? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Is it was that a volunteering yeah, or great. Yeah. And that should kinda take care of itself as well. If she just sends one round around to everyone, then only the psycho-linguists will say what was for me. Mm. I mean 'cause I can't imagine there'd be an essential difference really between the Right, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Well do we have um a d an idea of how many people were gonna actually have at the whole thing? Any kind of because then it because seems to me it could be quite obvious. Then we just subtract the number of second and third year students and then everything else is just I'd I would favour doing it just on a first come first serve basis. But I mean if we're like so, mean, we were gonna do this thing for um I can't even remember, was it two or three days? Okay. And so how many how many posters and talks are we gonna actually gonna get in? Mm-hmm. If you do two in a row then that's an hour, isn't it? Um and then give it a twenty minute break perhaps. Or Would we get that many people wanting to give talks? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. How many second and third year um students are there? Right, okay. No. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. We're also gonna be having posters, aren't we. And I should imagine that most people would rather do a poster than give a talk. Uh yeah. But w wouldn't we want to actually just like dedicate an afternoon or a morning to being a poster session? Mm. Yeah yeah yeah. But um people kinda like generally sort of sort them out themsel that sort that out themselves. Um I mean it's the thing about posters, unless you kind of say, you know, if your name is in the first half of the alphabet you can move and the other ones can't. I'd make it a whole morning or a whole afternoon. I mean the ju just because like ones that I've been to as well, um people tend to kinda come and go from them. Um I don't know, I mean I I I'd say a whole either a whole morning or a whole afternoon um at least. But that's just ju I mean just based on the ones that I've been to. Mm-hmm. At least six. Oh right. Okay, yeah, yeah. Um well that's just kind of dictated by the size of the room really, isn't it? Yeah. I mean would we have poster boards or is it just gonna be posters on the walls? They did it like um I ha I should have found this out. Are you guys second years or first years? You're both first year. So n so none of us have been to this before. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think so. Oh you mean um uh w on the October thing? I thought uh well, it seemed to me that he was saying that everyone would do it ju because its goal was to give the new in-take uh idea of Oh no no no no yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Um well we should find out if um generally they use poster boards, if there are some poster boards that we can get ahold of, then that's alright. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Well the maximum. I mean I guess that that will evolve uh when we get a response from people, perhaps. But that's fine, isn't it? So we've got three days. Mm-hmm. And is the the other main group then um philosophy? Oh yeah. Mm. Mm. Philosophy. And do you think inf Informatics would Mm. I mean I'm thinking that the Informatics potentially is quite a big response. Um Oh right, cool. Um Would we wanna ask them and put some kind of like provisor in to make it um specific to sort of preemptively um weed out the numbers or should we just say to them oh, you know, we're having this thing about language and, you know, if you got something you think about language, come to Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, let's just do that. That's seems most straight-forward. Yeah, just So so if you just send them a general thing saying the Linguistics Department's having this conference and would like to invite post-graduates from the Informatics. I'll do that. That's fine. And should I get in touch with Philosophy as well? No one will understand. Yeah. I mean no, you if I just send them a thing saying the Linguistics Department is is having um a postgraduate thing, so if you're a Philosophy student with um you know, and your work has got an interest in language, then Basically what I was thinking was um just sending them your call for papers and ch changing it slightly to say dear Philosophy students. Mm mm. Mm-hmm. Oh I see, right, he wants them there because he so he can make it. Okay. Yeah. Mm, yeah, and I think Yeah yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. What kinds of things do you think people are actually gonna need? Like Mm-hmm. I mean if we do it uh th hasn't B_ nine got all of that? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm. Mm-hmm. You're gonna send that pan pen crazy. Mm-hmm. Why not just give them a week to do the abstract? I mean I'm just thinking about um Oh no no no, I was s I was saying ju just give them a bit longer to get back with the title. Say get back with the title by the seventh. Or do we need ten days to go from Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. And we've got they we've got an email address for them to send all this to, haven't we? Or what was it? Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm, cool. Oh right, yeah. Oh, so am I. Is it five t is it almost two? Oh, my microphone fell off. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I mean that's just um Yeah, and uh that that would be cool. Okay, so um I mean I won't get in touch with Philosophy. Or I won't send anything to Philosophy and Informatics till I've got your email. 'Cause I'll just tell 'em a modified version of that. But I'll try and get a good address to send it to. Alright. So that was a note. And I'm okay. Alright, we're finished.