Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Find replace, yeah. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. How much should you want um I had a few times where I thought well, it could be this, but if you're not entirely sure that it could be, 'cause it c it could be a combination of something else, like put the guess down or leave it as ambiguous in some way. Right. There's a chance they could be. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm, that's what I've been doing so far. It took li it like the third time 'til I thought oh, you're saying F_ five. It just came out of nowhere. But if there's a chance that it's equally likely that they could have said something or they could have said something like ice cream and I scream, then just choose one and leave it, right. Mm-hmm. We just started our speech recognition assignment just now. You're an S_L_P_ person. You survived S_P_ one and S_P_ two. We have two new teachers for S_P_ two. And uh I'll ask you later on like if you still have your notes. Mm the hyph And you only use the hyphen I think when the sentence is definitely not continuing anywhere. As in like it's Mm-hmm. Right. It was the creaky voice. Creaky voice. But it is c really connected to the word. Can we hear it again? From the from the And sometimes with the I would be thinking, are you anticipating a or you're you t trying to say the and you're just saying the the the the the. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I try to take consistency, if they always stress the wrong part of the word, then I think okay, I'll let that in, but if if it comes out and like one word is Ah. Well, at the moment we have a lecturer that can I can never quite s tell if he's saying problem or programme. Programme problem. And it I can't actually say but when I'm listening to, I'm thinking And I can't tell. Hope he's not involved with these actually. I hope he's not involved with this. That'll give some transcriber a headache. It's easy to, 'cause you're so used to t t tuning them out, and you know it's easy when I go back over I normally g like go back to the beginning, do a quick pass of the main sections again and think ah yeah. Mm-hmm. That's what I thought the first day as well. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So if they pause, just where you've got it highlighted at the moment That wor the hyphen. So I have to re-do the meetings from the minutes from the last meeting. Was she was that a like w r real definite I'm starting a new sentence here, 'cause I'd sometime if it sounds like he could carry on saying the whole sentence, I sometimes don't have a hyphen there. But is it a t any hesitation? Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Just one to the next door, yeah. Oh goodness, who would know what that was uh if somebody that didn't know about linguistics were trying to transcribe S_ node. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry? Yes, yeah. You're three lines in. What's the What's the C_? Is that a There's a d judgment is that that Oh, I've not used that button yet. In the dictionary here it's one word. Yeah. Would give Emacs a headache as well. Yeah. Yeah, the C_. Um She was cutting off rather than saying she would like s to have see something. Is a whole word. Yeah. 'Kay. Thanks, that's what I was asking. I should've just said it that way. Yeah. Uh-huh. Should it? 'Cause the loose uh is continuing from one sentence, isn't it? Was there? Okay. Oh yeah. Sometimes I've made buts after la like words after laughter, I've made them capitalised, 'cause I've not been sure if there's an if the laughter's been cutting everything off. Mm-hmm. During. Was that circuit? I figure if she is a person that calls circuit circuit I'm not sure if she did. Just um if it's her, I just caught the end of it and No, not for that one. But I had one person who said circuit. The. Mm-hmm. Yeah, something like if ha I did that one 'cause it is well, a language teacher wouldn't low allow that to mo move on to the next stage. That wouldn't they wouldn't let that pass. Sort of. Or I wouldn't. If somebody that, I'd point it out to them. Yeah, 'cause otherwise you could end up putting a hyphen after every hesitation mark that you have. Just if Just a prosodic marker rather than an actual hesitation. Uh as in a whole s like back-channel. Oh yeah, sorry. I th I just read the rest of the sentence. Yeah. No. 'Cause it's not linguistic. Well, not yeah. I know, I yeah, you could think of an argu Or should we start it if we start the conversation in the common room, like is laughter linguistic, then they could come up with a theory. But Oh, d Oh, I just noticed the the random yeahs, like with having the hyphen before they're s Uh if you scroll up a little way. Yeah, that ha um the second one from the top. Thinking I'm gonna have to go back and find my places where I've had someone pausing and then saying yeah yeah and then this that I've not had I need to go back and find uh p put hyphens in. Hyphens or commas? Yeah. No, s alright. No, I've I've th I've sort it out. Alright, okay. So we don't have to worry about commas. Okay. Yeah. I I read somebody's P_H_D_ proposals yesterday and s and it's saying, well, you could have a comma in here and one there and Cutest? Thank you. That one step behind. Oh. So which did you dec uh did Evaluation. The z z Evaluala? Yeah. I've had one person with a dodgy headphone with with dodgy something where most of the time it's it's as if they've got their hand over something. Yes, the uh yeah, it w it's for Right. Hmm. Right. Thank you for the warning. Right. Lot of people that say is this on and they hit it a few times. No. How about names that somebody says the name of somebody and you think, who? And you don't know how to spell the name or if you heard the right name. Sorry? Mister Ed. Oh it Mister Ed. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay. What was Mister again? I can't remember seeing how to transcribe Mister. M_ M_R_ Mister Sorry? Missus? Um Right. Is that Yeah. Not come across any yet. Oh. And not accidentally translating in the process. Oh yeah, I saw it there. There it was. Okay, oops. Checking their own transcription. No transcriber will be checking their own transcriptions. Guess it depends how far you can stretch. Oh yeah, 'cause every time somebody'd be going over there you'd hear all this sound of And about five or six breaks in the between is the making it a. looks like some piece of medical equipment. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh. Mm-hmm. I just remembered one. Okay, when it's just as 'kay, but it's at the beginning of a sentence, should the K_ be capitalised? Good. You've been doing this too long. Grease paint. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. The arrows by the resolution. Not that one. The other arrow next to it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Ooh. Ah. That might have made it s 'cause I I appear to have nothing. But I was hearing stuff, but I g there was nothing on my wave-form. It's kinda hard to find where everything was. Control panel. Right. I think I've gone a bit far in cutting mine down at the moment. Mm-hmm. No, probably not. No. Mm-hmm. Easy for checking at any rate, rather than having to listen to a whole Anything. Mm-hmm. The work allocation page. Right. It do yes. Checking in page. Oh right. Mm-hmm. Uh it's vaguely connected question. Um, you You'll know. Um originally the like when we first like replied, say yes if you're interested in doing this, it said six weeks, and the contracts say eighth of May, which is longer in advance than which is a greater amount of time than six weeks. That's Okay. Right. Okay, that's. Cool. Right. When it gets into the holidays and we're not necessarily around in the holidays and and Right. Just checking. Or else you can like p yes. And if you can plug microphones into Apple Appleton Tower computers, I can do it there as well if you wanted me We could meet up and have a session. That's a nice way to put it. I'm having sort some s I'm having to sort some tax stuff out before I can even send my stuff in, 'cause I need to make sure I'm sending them the right form. But they won't even know what examining board I got my A_ levels in. Yeah, for human resources. I thought, surely you don't need that information, 'cause it took me it was about to take me half an hour well it did when I was like just going through the forms and filling in all the details, I thought I'm not going to spend w A couple of hours getting photo-copies of degree certificates to give you for your files if I'm just gonna be here a good th they won't I think it th at one place it said give us copies of degrees? Oh, maybe I'm getting mixed up with something else, but it wanted a A_ level like examining board, which seemed a bit ridiculous. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Didn't think so. Mm. Alright. Oh, so it is your baby then on the photos. One assumes this. How old now? Oh. Yeah, that's the question I was just gonna ask, does he sleep? Wow. Alright. Oh, do we have to tick our note thing again when we finish this? To say that we've