Uh five hundred Hertz though. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh m m i uh i yeah but the p sort of start and end times will give you back to that output. A as a and then you just measure it against, you know, the c the c yeah, the cumulative total time record or something. So Mm-hmm. B uh uh m yeah, so I'll I'll lag in some of it during the I suppose there's the the saccadic movement itself, for example. Th th th yeah, the it should still come out that the little sketch I asked this p for for last week about N_X_T_ and whether it would have that sort of tiered effect so you could see the overlap of where one person is looking compared to the other and their mouse movements and things. That that should ra uh address all that. Mm-hmm. But but because it's also in the i based on the the time course of the procedure you'll be able to basically get the scan path of the pattern of events from that as well. Yeah, yeah. So I did have it somewhere. I didn't have it r uh haven't brought it. trying to remember it. Mm-hmm. The Uh it m it m uh but uh br at that point they're all of it lumped all the individual fixations as long as it doesn't move off that triangle together as a total sort of gaze gaze time on that. Yep. Yeah. That that's a target within the target region. Uh m Uh-huh. M yes, somewhere. Mm-hmm. It it sh yeah, it I mean uh as long as we're dif r yeah, it there shouldn't be anything missing. That should be alright... Yeah. Yep. M m yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yes. So we yeah. So we if we have an an event, yeah, that that yeah, the second line then for the second before it. And then we can just take that chunk out and do something with it. That should I I Right. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh well, if it's just based on uh like a a stable fixation for so long or or something and crossing into that region. Yeah. yep. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yeah. To mm-hmm. Don't know. Mm-hmm. More. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well he's really interested in Mm-hmm. So which one does Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's what I have understood it to be. But well I don't know. But W uh mm-hmm mm-hmm. Yes, uh-huh, yeah. It's mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You can we can announce now. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well Uh but y y y You mean to the tags of the data w within it. Yeah. So so things like fixation, the number of fixations a and Bi um yeah, with some some measure of the so we could work out the number of fixations that made and the average fixation duration as well. Because having st long steady fixations can be informative. Um if if they're holding their if there's less dancing around, the um the cognitive focus tends to be in one sort of part. So uh there is a difference between if they even though they're still looking at the same part, if they're looking around it uh rather than just holding their gaze steady or um and longer on it. Uh yeah. It, yeah, it's it's certainly it's it's worth mm-hmm. Uh no, I wouldn't want to throw out Put the actual location Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I mean presumably Uh if well yes, but that probably isn't going to be easy to get out because you'd then have to break up uh the parts somehow. Yep. Mm-hmm. Uh it it yes, it can do, but it's also looking at it within their their own behaviour to see, yeah. Uh th w I I would say just the number of fixations. I mean it could just be yeah, the number of different yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Exactly. So Mm-hmm. I mean to It yeah. Uh if if we've got everything, then I suppose it's you can always yes, it's you're not throwing anything away then. Or Right. Mm-hmm. Uh but uh uh number uh well the uh duration time as well somehow. Whether it's the average one or Of the fixation. Well The the average should be alright uh to work with. The the Uh well, if you've got the number of fixations in the average time, you can then just generate it. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Uh Again, uh that that should be you should be able to derive that presumably from Right. Uh that it can vary a bit depending on the calibration. But if we're building in a sort of error margin um it it will be based on pixels around. But there'll also be a minimum one. 'Cause I'm trying to think that it's probably the small the actual mouse icon is so small, it'll need a slightly larger uh just because if what you have i is a sort of larger error or of b error margin around it. Uh no. The o the other person's gaze position as well. Mm-hmm. Yep. Trea treated the same as as the mouse say. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yes, yep. Yes. So if there uh if mm-hmm. Yes. But not looking at their individual and pr fact, they probably will avoid looking directly. Because if they're looking directly at it, it's obscuring the the part. Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm. The Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. The m the mouse, the gaze and the part are all layered. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh uh if when they get moved together. Mm-hmm. It Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Two objects close together, your eye gaze can actually be looking at the left edge of one and the right edge of the other. And they're sor therefore looking at two objects at once. Saying they need some new pens. New pens. White-board pens. Mm-hmm. Uh unle uh but it uh unless we just define it as there's only they're they are exclusive. And which ever area m has the greatest overlap is what they're actually looking at. Well it w if if you've got your sort of eye position, and it's it's unlikely to be exactly fifty percent in one object and fifty percent in the other. Uh Well I uh uh put these things on. Yeah. Uh uh what I'm I'm thinking is if you've got say one object there and right. You know, so this is thank you. Uh part one and part two. And you've got they're sort of they're looking there. Then that overlap means they're looking at the two pieces simultaneously. But Yeah, uh just if this is there's more of it uh yeah, I yes, uh that's w uh that's that's a decision we'll uh uh uh I'm saying is if they're looking if most of what their overlap is here then we stick with that one. Uh that's th we no, that because um the gaze position will be a sort of fuzzy area. It won't just be a pixel. It'll it'll be an actual like circle and area. Yeah. So i i it it that's that's going to be w uh it's it's not just a single point. It's it's a it's a sort of lump target. And so there'll be a bit of a a sort uh some sort of overlap of two objects. Or b yeah, they could just be oscillating mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh I mean if if they are oscillating though, then that's presumably going to st change the weight. So you are actually going to see them flipping between uh when you decide they're looking there mm-hmm, if they're really close, yeah. Mm-hmm. H yes. Hmm. The yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh i it's also going to be a problem uh because you're going to have one part or a construct forming in the middle of a fixation. So it's not gonna be quite as clear if you can't can't chop it off. Uh-huh. And then it yes. And it becomes construct or assembly whatever two. No. You can build sub sub-assemblies and then link the the part really, yeah. I so each Wai w I th uh Which constituent parts. Construct. You'll be looking at the construct. 'Cause that's the way it's dis defined. Looking at areas within it. Hmm. Uh w They can't replace uh the new parts only appear when the previous one's broken. Yes. They ca they can appear without them. You c Uh with same shape but not the same shape and colour. Uh same eye. Yeah. Yep. Well that's well that's that's what they're at the moment. Uh Yes. So that's the way it works at the moment. Uh I just assume that's how ni Nijmegen had set it all up. Th that's that's back to uh Tim's day. They are individual uh you have different colours for the yep. Unique, yeah. Yes. The tam tamgrams are much easier when you can see Mm-hmm. Yep. It is just a construction task rather than a puzzle. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh yes. It at the moment there are d uh there are two I think two small ones and two large triangles. They're actually the same physical size and shape. At the moment they're in different colours. That also means in the p new parts list they're there for, you know, two v large triangles and two small one small ones, say. Whereas in in the revised edition if they were all just black there'd only be one uh mold in the new parts. As far as I know it's hard-wired. It just appears so. Mm-hmm. The polygon one, polygon two, whatever it might be. Mm mm-hmm. Yep. Hmm. Yep, same same pieces. Mm-hmm. No, so they they can have different uh nuts there. W well nuts that are different colours. But same part in different colours, yeah. No, what I mean there's more than they're multiple pieces that look the same. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And the extra parts don't appear. So you can't collect them. Yeah. There there are a couple of them that it's like greyed out. They really very faint. So you see the mold is there. But they don't come filled uh until Yes. Yes. I i it appears in the new p uh like uh suddenly the th th the new part lights up sort of thing and it's there. Yes. They have to bring it into play. No. Nope. That yeah. That that is one think unlike the say the Baufix or anything. We I assume the the Baufix. The there aren't any extra parts. And at the moment the software doesn't a allow for that. Yes. Replacement, but no superfluous so you can't have a a standard stock with extra parts that it'll never use. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Intentional um in the sense that they break deliberately when they bring them into the new parts. But they c you know, it's like the trash can idea that they bring a You have to hope that there's language and one of them says something. You c mm-hmm. Uh there's no there's there's no way you could tell that just from the the raw movements or or something. Mm yep. Yeah. It I Although What I'm trying to remember is if the people deliberately break things by moving two pieces together. They they don't both break. They both they both Mm-hmm. So the i intentional thing is when they actually both click on the same object and it breaks. No, they could just make a mistake or screw up, yeah. Y yeah. But that's bringing in the the language thing again. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh uh yes. At the the percentage score. Yeah. So our yes, rather than the number of penalties or or something. No, the the score w uh is fine. Uh ye that's that's the way it's worked out. But uh uh the problem was um to do with the m the p they had a relative and absolute piece and uh it's all to s to the symmetry of that. So as long as it's defined, fine. Yes. It wasn't it wasn't a bug. It it it was a Uh well. Uh yes, it was something that had to be defined and the uh Dutch lot didn't. So that was it was actually their their fault. But um it's not clear enough in the documentation. Yeah. Yeah. But i it it is quite fundamental and uh causes quite immediate problems if you don't know about it. Yep, exactly. Yeah. Or oh we're well we yeah. we should should go back to the beginning. The um Camtasia was tested last week and initially we were a bit worried because uh in the old version it seemed to interfere with it. But uh when you when Craig re-compiled it and did his new version it started wor wor it seems to work fine. Um Nothing we can tell. No uh Mm-hmm. No. Yes. There will now have to be two Camtasia records because uh e each person actually sees a different screen because of the gaze feedback. They don't see their own gaze to the other person. So there'll need to be two separate Camtasia videos generated. Hopefully we won't. You mean officially? Or uh Yeah, I hadn't thought about the I was assuming we'd just get one and one licence both of us. Suppose technically we should have two because it'll be two machines. I suspect that it will. It'll be per machine I would think. Hmm. I I'll have a uh yeah, I'll have a l a look at the actual Camtasia licence. Um the other thing we're we It 'cause it's now twice twice the size of a Uh mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well the other problem is uh Camtasia has to be manually launched on both machines separately. Yeah. Uh during the task there is a flash and a bleep. Oh I mean not during the task. Uh before. For each task. Yes. Yes. Uh Camtasia y yeah. But No, they're they're on two s the two separate machines and the you you start and end them separately. The they they're not talking to each other. They're just recording. You start it recording and it starts recording what's on one screen. And you start the other recording on the other machine. And they're they're totally separate. They don't know about the other one. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yes. Uh yeah. See how how long it took them actually. That's that's true. How long did it take them to calibrate. Or yeah. How many t how many times before uh the validation worked or something. Yeah, that's true. I uh Well it at the moment the that's what I was assuming on on on doing that uh it's done first. Mm-hmm. You go back and actually yes, they were crap. Isn't that the answer? Yeah. Um yes. The other thing we were getting sorted out was the the microphones. 'Cause only one of the uh Camtasia videos will actually have the soundtrack. Uh we're just getting we've got one cable and to the two mics. I suppose we can do it is it would it be worth splitting it? Uh yeah. So the at at at the moment it's ins well, what we've finally just uh at twelve o'clock today looks like we've got it sussed um is to get one channel one microphone being the left channel and one being the right channel to merge into a stereo single file. Uh unfortunately the on one machine. The display P_C_s. Yeah, the Camtasia v video. Or m m multi-media thing. Yeah. Yes. It it's Yep. It's Camtasia that's recording it.