Okay. Yeah. I mean m my view on this was that um the need for people to back up their data personally was made sufficiently clear to lab users. Um I mean I guess right, okay. As long as she admits it, then then that's fine. I I'm just thinking, you know, sometimes when there's a a process error like that, you think oh, then there's something we should change. Like make the sign in bigger red letters. But I in the our case, I don't think there's anything more we can do really. So Um well, I doubt anybody'll do that again 'cause that'll get around. So Yeah, there was a mailing list before. They've just revived that, right? Right, okay. Uh-huh. Right. And we don't know so there's every chance of this falling over again if it's a hardware thing, right. But there's not much we can do about that apart from Right. Yeah. Why is uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. So how long does this put you back for? Is it you know. How much disruption does this cause? D is this a day? Two days? Day and a bit? Yeah. Uh-huh. To actually do the re-install. You c Mm-hmm. And I saw uh a bunch of stuff about software updates. That's un unrelated to this problem, right? Um the Eye-Link. I c I didn't read 'em. I saw like five messages go back and forth. Maybe they were under the wrong subject header. So anyway, we have well Oh no, I mean the Eye-Link software. So it's unrelated, it's not that right. Okay, good. Um Yeah. So uh i uh did he get his data in? Or is this put his schedule back? He's done it, okay. Right. Um well unfortunate, but it sounds like um you guys are well placed for dealing with it. So better you than me. Yeah. Oh so you need to borrow somebody's head and mouth and stuff to to run it, right. And Yeah. Mm-hmm. So I've got a new um trainee who might need amusement at some point. So if you need to borrow a head that talks that doesn't necessarily need to do much else, I'll th I'll ask her if she'd mind coming down and helping you out for uh a while. But I guess Ellen was gonna be your the p the person who yeah, your spare head. Right. Yeah. So um uh mine is well, she's actually climbing Ben Nevis today, I think. But uh she'll be uh back tomorrow. Her name's Nynke. Did you guys meet her? This seems the sort of thing that people might might find i find amusing to look at. So um I I'll I'll see if if she'd be willing to Oh, who is that? Oh yeah, Heidi. Oh yeah, she's good. You guys might actually have something in common 'cause she does, well, you know, stuff for the video coding and gesturing. And autism. But So, okay. Uh right, what am I writing. Uh okay, Nynke to volunteer. Well uh no uh I will actually give her the the option. But um it sounds like the kind of thing where, you know, I think it's quite useful when you're at that stage to see the different kinds of technologies people use. So Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oops. Well, you found that then. Right. Okay. So we want one you can pick up using Matlab or something, right? Aye? Okay. Perfect. Perfect. So or you're gonna bank the script some place and tell us how to run it. Uh-huh. 'Cause we won't know. Right. Well that all sounds good. Oh really? Oh okay. Uh-huh, okay. Very nice, very pretty. It doesn't get in the way of seeing what's underneath? Version one. Mm-hmm. It's not too bad. Uh-huh. I c I can I can see where that's useful. No. Just change it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Although if if you had a big thing and it was jiggling around like anybody's business, like real eye track traces, then you might find that a little bit disconcerting. I mean small things you kind of expect to jiggle around, right. But It'll look like it's quivering, you know. Yeah, but well, that's all fine.. What else? You were saying Joe with the model builder. Oh, remind me. Oh yes. Okay. Oh that's good. Oh okay. Really? Just the parallelogram. Right. Okay, so you your job in this is to um ensure that it actually is a bug and then pass it to Joe? Okay. That makes sense. I mean the this geometry stuff is really tricky if you don't do the fold the boxes stuff in your head well, so I can imagine. 'Cause I could get it backwards easily, you know, and so it is just as well for w for you to check this. Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so you need to draw 'em in something. Oh, so yeah, I suggested you do that in X_ fig. Is that a reasonable thing to do or no? Yep, mm-hmm. Yeah. So this is this falls down completely if Nijmegen can't run X_ fig. So you better check that with 'em, right? But Okay, but they may need help finding the something if they can't do X_ fig, I suppose. Microsoft though? I mean well, what kinds of They are the paid. Yeah and Uh-huh. Yep, mm-hmm. Okay. So I wouldn't do any any work to find out what'll output S_V_G_. Just ask them, look, you know say we you need something that does S_V_G_ and then um if they if they come back and say ha, then y you may need to poodle around a bit looking for something. But uh you know, let them let them say they've got a problem before you um spend time trying to figure out what'll do it. 'Cause Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. Oh, so well I can imagine there being uh shapes that you could construct in S_V_G_ format that would fox the model builder in some way. I don't know, I mean it 'cause you don't have specs about what sorts of shapes are allowed, right? Um right, it doesn't matter whether they're um convex or concave in funny ways. Yeah, ex And you tried it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Would we want by self-intersection you mean you could You mean like Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well but by self-intersection here, I'll draw here, if I can find the right end of the pen. Y do you mean something like that? Yeah. A and you can rule out something like that, right. 'Cause that's two parts for you. Yeah. Um I mean you know, some f rainy day you might wanna think about Well, I don't know. I mean it you know, later on we can fix it if it if it turns out those parts it's not urgent now. I think this isn't important enough. Yeah. Yep, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Yeah. But but but if they have trouble, you know, half an hour googling and helping helping them is probably worthwhile. 'Cause someti sometimes people I mean it actually I would e I wouldn't expect them to have any trouble finding something 'cause J_P_ is quite up with all the all these things. So Um are th Well, you let's um encourage them not to use um any software that might have idiosyncratic ideas about what S_V_G_ is. She says delicately. I have no ooh, that I wasn't gonna say. I I have no idea whether they have idiosyncratic S_V_G_ output or whether but um their track their track record could uh on some of the other standards has not there have been slightly strange things about it. So Um but in my uh you know, I mean, they sh that should be if Mm-hmm. Um yeah. I haven't looked through other mail. I did see something from Marloes. Is there anything they're waiting on from us that is a problem or i they reasonably happy at the moment? Oh, they've done the pilots? Oh good. Dumped the data. Where is it dumped? B_S_C_W_. Well that's okay. You know, we're not using that much space if it's just for interim. And they have to get out to us some way. Um uh we had a uh brief discussion just before I left about uh this idea of exchanging data by fire-wire drive and I do I don't know if that ever got resolved. But you know, that's not that's not fast enough for little things like this. So I think B_S_C_W_ is the right way to exchange these. We just have to wipe this stuff off and keep separate copies after that. The C_V_S_. Oh, so you're managing that okay, and you haven't run into C_V_S_ before. Okay. Well good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well that's that's reassuring. Course he's sitting on the next desk. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well, she'll have to u use the C_V_S_ eventually 'cause we don't really have a good way of doing this otherwise. But Mm-hmm. Well that's it, we'll never see him here again. Watch, I'll find out he's got a better computer at home as well, right?. Right, and what about um the project as a whole? Is there anything that Ruud or anybody is after that we aren't supplying? Not at the moment, right? They're they're critical the to the success of a project. So Y uh yeah, and general places. But yeah, I wouldn't worry too much about it unless they ask you for specific input. Yeah. That's what's circulating. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. And John's going. Mm-hmm. Oh that's good. He'll be useful for the W_P_ seven stuff. So Well while you do that I'll be trained in how to hire people. So Uh both. So So is there anything else? What have you got on for the rest of the week besides getting this stuff up and running again? Yeah. Right. So are you concerned about it that I should be looking at it or you happy with it? I mean I sort of wrote the initial draft of it, I suppose. So Um uh slower. Uh-huh. Okay. Um I'll have to look. I can't remember um how this works now 'cause it was a while ago. So Yeah, and you'll get nothing back unless I look at it, right? So i best for for us for me to do that. I i um yeah, i I mean it's really good that you're y um putting things out for for review and saying like why for stuff. But um we don't we also don't want um to burn too much of your time recording stuff that that nobody's ever gonna look at necessarily. So I mean this this might be a good case for or it might uh or it might be that you should just like, you know, talk to me about this stuff if I happen to be around at the time that you're doing it and not y so i if the writing stuff down on the Wiki gets to be too high a proportion of things, then then you don't necessarily wanna do it. You do you know what I mean? The so um I th I think it's great to have the records and that's really important, especially in in big dispersed groups, but this is kind of a smaller group. Um so it you know, we can do things more informally where f you feel the Wikis are getting in the way of things. So Oh yeah, it well if it aids you in thinking to write it down, then definitely write it down. 'Cause, yeah, we want clear thinking. Um I can't actually remember uh i how it worked with the the moulds. I mean I w I wanted to make sure that um No, I can't even remember. So I'll I'll look at it. Uh but uh I'm sure it's fine 'cause um it's just my memory of things. Oh yeah, uh-huh. Yeah. So um is that gonna have a voice-over or is it we had discussions before you started about whether it should be completely silent so that they could use in case we ever wanted to do this in in Dutch, yeah. And uh and so, you know, you could just have sort of well the I think we discussed having it with an English voice-over or having it with no voice-over and then having it w just with cartoon noises or something like or you know when things break. So to emphasise the I may be imagining it. Oh, so we could produce a Dutch voice-over for the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, the oth the other issue is um uh i if we do a voice-over uh does that affect the language that the people choose to use. S so that might be another reason for not doing that. Alignment or you know. Yeah. So I think maybe that was another reason for um just having. Or or or ding for, you know, you got it or I don't know what. Yeah yeah yeah. Well that y Yeah. Well you need some way to make sure that they actually notice the thing you're trying to explain to them if there's no voice uh Or or you could just point to you know, have b great big arrow that points at the two pieces that broke. You know and Yeah. So you gonna clear or r however you do this with Ellen, right? 'Cause she's the one that has thoughts about the language and stuff. Oh well remin remind her that there was a question about whether there oughta be one. Mm-hmm. I bet Marloes just talked to 'em. Ah I think it's really up to us to Is it hard? You don't wanna give 'em the specification, you know, 'cause that's in too high-falutin a language. But um oh, i it can't be that hard to generate something that says Mm-hmm. Oh um uh on my holidays we encountered a children's toyshop where there we there were tamgrams. And my son reminded me that he ca hasn't been able to find his tamgram set in a while. Well uh if not if you guys are using it. Or do y do you find it helpful to have it? Oh, but it's so tactile to have the little metal bits. If you if you're using it, keep it. He's got plenty of toys. If you're not if you're not using it, then I'll take it back. Yeah, y it's not it's not a worry. The the lad has plenty of toys. Oh, similar types, uh-huh. Yeah. Right. So um how you gonna get your complexity ratings? Google. Is there a big tamgram community that ranks these things? Like, you know, that's just one booklet that came with one set of tamgrams. Or or is it obvious like when you look at these things? Yeah. But that still won't tell you well how many tamgrams are there that they're using? Fifteen or something. No, not even. Uh-huh. So that's not gonna g so that's not gonna tell you anything about relative complexity. That's just gonna tell you where in the span you wanna be. You still need some kinda scale for these things. Ca uh if you look at 'em, do you just know? No. I would either. What about him? I if h Mister Geometry. I mean, you know. Can you tell just by looking at these how hard people find them? Or right, okay. Well Who is Psychology already uses tamgrams that's still around? Mean, people have been using tamgrams for ages. So there must be somebody with a folk wisdom you can contact. Right. I only know ancient papers. So like late eighties. Do people still use tamgrams? Oh. So we're very old-fashioned. Well there was stuff in the seventies and the eighties, right? So Since then. Right. Well, the old the old tasks are the best. So I'm not gonna let that worry me. Um So uh sorry, that was k I think a big diversion, and we were talking about what you were gonna do next after all this stuff was up and the I was gonna look at the G_D_F_ spec. Are the rest of the y uh are is the rest of what you're to do with that software fairly clear? 'Cause this is about the analysis. You really only need Robin, right, to to specify the rest. Uh-huh. Yep, mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause there were all these issues about how you calculate eye-eye lag and, you know, w what other th analyses we want o want out of this that aren't settled. But I think um, you know, Robin is the person who knows the most about what's required there. And I can imagine it's gonna take a wee while to I can imagine you know, so that might be the focus of discussions next week or something, right, that um what need out of this and Yeah, so you might wanna try and come. If you get that far, try and come equipped with a list of the kinds of things you want out of it and and so we can look through and see. Um uh y Ellen might have views on what kinds of things once we have a list, right. So so Yeah. So, but it'd be good to, you know, make sure once we have a list of the things that we think we're getting of it that it matches her intentions for what we were supposed to get out of it. So um, you know, if we do talk about that, then it might be nice to have her along for it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Who is that then? 'Kay. Um are they still in the business? Where are they? Okay. Well, they might have the folk wisdom on the complexity, right? So Ninety two's not that long ago. Well it is really. But Um is it a paper you can get? Well, they still do it for library loans and stuff, so. Uh-huh, yep. So do we think next week that's what we're gonna talk about? 'Cause we want wanna ask Ellen ahead of time if she wants to come along for a discussion about oh well, that's that's fine then. Okay. Oh yeah, c she 'cause she her stuff is getting blocked off the mailing list 'cause she's not mailing from her normal account. Yeah. And I can't figure out any way to just approve messages from her without her subscribing at that account. So Um There's only one message so far. It didn't say much. Uh Yep. Anything else? Yeah. Bu I don't think that list is our final word on things and Oh well, maybe it is then. I Uh-huh. I don't think I was fully paying attention to that. I mean I'm not gonna have views on this anyway. What I'm really worried about is making sure that um there's not big surprises for Ellen and and J_P_, you know, when they suddenly discover that they're they're assuming some analysis is in there and we didn't didn't put it in. You know, 'cause now is the time for us to be figuring out what we want out of that data and and getting you write the stuff or getting J_P_ to write the one-dimensional analyses that he was talking about. So Oh right. Okay. So y actually you're breaking this down into two steps now. One is just a straight extraction from the ASCII, and the other one is any post-analysis that that adds information by analysing it. Is that th Yeah, it's just anything that's got shoved through the eye-tracker. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay, that is post-analysis. Yeah. So right, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Oh well, that all sounds good. So I've got o uh one thing to check and one person to ask if she'll volunteer to be a head. And as far as I know that's it for me. See, I have to explain. I'm for for one of my other things I there is now a specific Wiki page that says stuff Jean has to do. And I'm beginning to think that this is quite a good idea 'cause I worry about not doing the stuff people expect of me. Much more than the other way around, right. What documentation? Oh, okay. Well it doesn't actually make its way into its my salary, I'm afraid. So But yeah. I mean I do spend time talking to you guys. So you're getting something out of me.