Which data. You know, I I want everything and then I'll decide what I want. Okay. We can get back to it. We can get we can always get back to it. We're not th actually throwing anything away. And if we decide to re-jig this at some finer Mecha method. We'll still have the original and a method of uh of filtering. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. As long as the format in which we pick it up is a format which could be generalised to a finer take. Because the worst thing that can ever happen to you is you discover that you've done huge amounts of analysis and th you actually had the data but you threw it away because you treated it so grossly. Okay. So whatever we should be able to b you know, backtrack and say okay instead of every second, every tenth of a second or some such thing. But you know th Well, the eye tracker does. Mm-hmm. Well, you need Well one needs to know the duration of these things, right. So one needs to be able to say Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well so there's no real time, there's only ev there's only events. What I'm we're trying to figure out is whether we've thrown time away. Here Okay, so one of the formats in which eye tracker data is analysed is percentage of time spent on some target as opposed to some competitor over the first second after some event, okay. So you actually have to be shu have to show at some time slice rate whether the eye was on the same target as the other guy, a similar target, what we'd both been deali you know. So we have to b we have all the parts, the interesting parts of the screen identified and be able to show distribution of gaze over time. Alright. Now we could be really unlucky and somebody would expect us to do that at the real frame rate. But I think that's really unlucky. But but my point is that we mustn't throw away in or lose the capacity of being able to deliver that kind of data. Mm-hmm. Mm. S so typically the eye will move, right. So over any one second, they eye's actually f fixing on a bunch of different things. And you and so when you say the eye was on this from here to here what's gonna happen is that is that if you use the real frame rate, it's gonna jiggle all over the place. It's gonna be on this landmark. Uh it's on this object, that object, this fixed thing, that fixed thing, okay. You're gonna get lots and lots of stuff. And it's percentage distribution that you're going to want. It's not uh I went here. I s you know, it's not like person walking. I went here, I stayed here. It's it's more like a fly hovering. Mm-hmm. Because if you if you take them as separate events you get thousands of separate events. Mm-hmm. Against bigger frames. Well, that's the that's the problem. There are two ways of doing it. One is that there's always a cut-off, right. But the other is that there will be a time span, a kind of reaction to some event span. Right. Right. And so I mean there are there are really two ways of looking at this. One would like to know for example the percentage of time overall in which two people are looking at the same thing, okay. And one would like to know sequences of they didn't look at the same thing and then they broke it. Or they did look at the same thing and then they did or didn't brea you know. One one could imagine those two categories. That's that's a kind of testing of our hypotheses. But there's a certain amount of um dues you pay to the way they do things in the literature to get your papers published. And one of the things they will want to know is an event series after some critical event, right. What percentage of time is given to looking where the other guy is looking. And what percentage of time over some, you know, reasonable time span of a couple of seconds, alright. So they'll be they they'll want to see essentially the gaze settling on particular incidents on particular places. So we have to be able to deliver those two things and they're rather different demands. Right. Or how l alright. Let's let's imagine a typical construction event, okay. There is some part there are there are separate movable parts on the screen ready for use, right. There may be or not a construction already begun, right. Somebody makes the first move. There's some kind of communication either gestural, imaginary or verbal, that plans how we're gonna do it, right. Before that happens the person who speaks is going to do some kind of visual scanning. While they're speaking or communicating in some way, the other person may or may not be looking where they're looking, okay. They may be overlapping gaze at particular objects which are of interest. Let's call it the c the construct, existing construct, which could be zero. Alright. Or the um the addendum, the thing which is next going to be added. Next piece, okay. Now in neither case, when you draw this, he's looking at triangle one, which you're actually drawing, you know, for a the period of time in which he's steadily looking at triangle one is gonna be very very short, right. Because staring fixedly without interruption, blink or or saccade is is an extremely short event. That's fine. So it's in a region it's in a region. Okay. But even so you're likely to get bouncing in and out of the region, right. So even so you wanna look at if we're interested in how long before the construction move takes place, um how much of the time they spend looking at the same thing. Let's call that our measure of alignment. So they're gonna be yeah, that's right, A_ is gonna be on triangle one and various other places. That's right. And and B_ um okay. And we're gonna look at the percentage of of that time where they're both in the same region. Right. So what I want to make sure is that we don't um simplify, do you know what I mean? Temporarily simplify too much, so that yeah. 'Cause then you lose percentage as an as a as a D_V_. Right. And so B_ has some periods of looking at one and all it will which will also be intermittent. Because Right. Mm-hmm. When they should be. Right. Okay. Mm-hmm. Well It Right. What Yes. Yes, because for example for part of that time both B_ and A_ are probably looking at the construct, okay. If if your intention is to move the red triangle to sit on top of the thing already constructed, you would tend to look back and forth. Right. And we should be able to to figure that out. Yeah, sure. So so the question would be under what tool should we be looking at these events. So Right. So so essentially there's there's um A_E_ is divided into T_R_ one and C_ and other stuff, okay, where C_ is the construct, the existing thing. Well no. I mean we'd take a separate we'd look at the percentage time I mean I have no idea because I don't know how people look when they're building things together, okay. So there's a there's the addendum and the and the co the existing construct. And I don't know whether they're gonna spend more time looking at one or the other. But if they're whatever it is that one is looking at, if the other's looking the same place they're in good shape. Yeah. Sure, sure. And that's what the other stuff that's what the that's what the diagonal stripes are for. That's true. But we c we can one of the things we'll be doing is um categorising people I take it or interactions by the amount of time people spend looking at the clock. We'd expect that if we put people under time pressure they'll look at the clock a lot more. Sure, it's a separate analysis. But you don't wanna throw it away, right. So so you can define if all of these things are actually categorised by the eye tracker as to where the eye is, alright, you should be able to pull out any interesting category and say alright for this phase it's T_R_ one, or C_. For this phase it's um S_Q_ one or C_, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You have to actually transcribe the thing or watch the film further on. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah, that's the addendum in the construct should be, you know, kind of they they change their true identity. But they're i their categories of stuff now I w my kind of assumption was that that this was J_P_ land, that that's what he was re what he was really interested in was the kind of coding which would define the building sequence, okay? So and the and maybe he wants to think about that more and say well there were several candidates for the addendum, alright. And and it was the negotiation of which candidate was gonna be the right candidate that's actually the interesting stuff. So I should talk to him about this. He's he's actually um emailed me with a l with a list of things he wants to discuss at length. So I w I'll bring this one back to him. Well this is my question for him. Is he gonna define this kind of building sequence in a way that we can get out. Or is he so b I mean, you know, they've been working on construction there for a while. So it may be that they have a coding system that's ready to go and we should just apply it. Okay. Um they do a lot of sub-assembly in the tasks they've been doing. So they may well have a yeah. Let's find out. Right. Right. So wha right. What well we but we have the now actions I mean actions might mostly be theirs, right. But since we have the the eye tracker i th we're gonna have to answer their questions about gaze, right. Yeah, I right. But um so they'll they'll uh they'll tell us something about that. But um presumably what you piously hope is happens here is what happened with um transactions, right, that the verbal analysis and the um and the visual analysis give you the same breaking points, the same chunking points. Well, I mean what you know. It's it is it is a task breakdown. But for the verbal version there are ways of announcing that now we're doing a new one, right. Or that we're finished with the old one. No, you wouldn't. But I mean one of the things one of the things you'd like to establish you know, as an as an outcome of this is that you could analyse either end and you'd get the same chunking of the material. The thing which you guys thought to make in a paper. It's a hypothesis. Well They are doing these things together. But one of the things that you one could imagine doing is um sen is, you know, having the transcription there and pl just play it back to a bunch of captive undergraduates and say when do they stop and start Um because because essentially you're looking at um cycling sequences in discourse. And if the discourse tells you what's going on that's information. I mean I g one of the questions is how the information is gonna be shared across these media. And if you can get it all out of the speech, you know, if the if all of the chunking is available when there is speech, okay, then it's carrying a lot of the burden. It's saying we are done with that and Mm. But this is but we haven't looked at data like this with this with our old-fashioned analyses um, you know. And i it's it would be really nice to know that that much information, that chunking of the task information is being carried by the language. Because J_P_'s question, the overriding question is so what's language for. You know, if people are busy interacting all the time and all of our colleagues don't even bother to control for whether people are talking to one another when they're doing these joint tasks because it seems to them to be irrelevant 'cause language is irrelevant, it would actually be nice to demonstrate that in a place where we're controlling whether you have language or not. You could get the entire chunking of the task out of a language. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Because you know it's a self-contained system as opposed to a system which is which can't be interpreted without the other system. Okay. Usually the claim. Almost all studies on language claim that language is a self-contained system which will give you everything you need to know. That's the claim. Alright. I didn't say it was true. I said that's the claim. And so it's worth testing. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No no. And we won't and establishing the full set will, you know, take us much of the project. So you know Fine. My only concern w uh you a as I said when I barged in was just to make sure that we didn't lose the things that we might need to pick up later. That's all. Every single frame. Well Okay. But since the l the definitions of look a thing we're looking at are d um are the ones which get rid of the lower level. Like jiggling around in the area of a particular object, right. So if we're moving the the green triangle um we've defined a region which is the dynamically the green triangle, wherever it is. We will jiggle around in there. But it doesn't matter where we are in there. That's beneath our level of analysis. S Well the in that interpretation is definable to frame rate by our by the only way we're gonna use frame rate. I c well, I mean i because I can I can say for how many frames this fixation went is officially defined. So that as long as I as long as it's not a untimed event, okay. A and an end time. So it's, you know, it's fine. I can say it's a long one. Or it's a short one. Or it's, you know, it's twenty milliseconds more than that one. That's Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And okay, I'm I'm asking you as an expert. This is this this isn't a leading question. This is a question question. Why would that be informative particularly? Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. On it. So you think that if for example if they're looking at um one or another um apex of a triangle it would just that would make a difference. They were exploring the thing, as opposed to they were simply alright, there is it there it is. Okay, so th um so that really means that we're not throwing away absolute fixations. The screen location of absolute fixations. Alright. Uh-huh. As opposed to out of it. So you so I thought I understood you to mean exploring the figure. Because you know, your fixation is a point. And the figures are bigger than points. So you could be exploring the figure or you could be just somewhere in the region defined as the figure but not on it. Okay. Alright, fine. The So you just want to know the variability of the of the fixation. And wouldn't that differ from person to person? Okay. So it's the number of different spots within that region where the eye has fixed the number of different fix oh, ok okay. So it's a jiggle rate, okay. Right. Mm-hmm. Well, all I th understood you to ask for was the duration of each fixation inside. Yeah. You can come back. Okay. Right. So it's the number of different fixations. Well, actually do you want the average duration? Or do you want the number of different ones? Duration of each fixation in the region. Well, you've already got that. So that's a measure of jiggle in the region, roughly. Moving. Okay. What's our error of measurement on location on the screen? So to what degree do we actually know whether the two little eyes, little circles, are exactly in the same place or just somewhere in the same region? Right, okay. Right. Mm-hmm. It's yeah, okay, right. S Okay. So my question was going to be alright, the the mouse is a dynamic object, right. The eye track is a dynamic object? Or is it only the the piece that the eye tra the other person's eye track is on that's that's an object in this definition? Is a is an object. Okay. With some with plus or minus something or other, yeah, around it. Some circular area. Okay. And Um so you can be on the object but not on the other person's gaze. So there can be a triangle which has A_'s gaze in the centre and your gaze actually happens to be here. You're in the triangle region. Does this Okay. But it's directly added when when these two in this situation when these two overlap, right, like this. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well it would come up it would say yes, right? I mean because they would be in the same place. So if you y you're gonna have dynamic regions which overlap one another by definition. If the mouse is on the construct, then right, right. Right. We treat those as as other objects. But the difference between them and the the parts of the c thing to be constructed is that they're allowed to overlap with other things so nothing breaks. Okay? If we mm-hmm. Ye Mm-hmm. Yes, as opposed to simply looking at somebody's gaze when the mouse isn't also there, right. And you want to know those things. Right, they're i they're independent dynamic objects. Okay. So a definition of we're all looking at and touching the same thing. So imagine that we've just added a piece to the construct, alright. So now that's the construct. And both mouse symbols are on it, right. And both gazes are on it, right. So at that point you should have a line-up of A_ is on the construct, A_ is on the mouse, A_ is on A_ is on A_'s mouse, A_ is on B_'s mouse, A_ is on B_'s gaze, and B_ likewise. Okay. Right. Ooh, I love the eraser. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but the mouse is also a dynamic object. That's fine. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Right. And then you then you look for combinations of them. Yeah. I think we need to. Because tha some measure of alignment is looking where the other guy is directing attention. And there are two measures of where the other guy is directing attention that you get from the visual track. One is where the mouse is and the other is where the gaze is. So Mm-hmm. Right. Right. So Yeah, that actually true. Be 'cause Right, but that it's also gonna be the case that um whatever region you define as the region of the dynamic object of the red triangle may get to the point where it overlaps the region of the dynamic object of the green square. Okay, what do we do about that? Yeah, because if you have them close together, there's always some fuzz factor around them. And so if they're left lying close together, okay, or in the in fact in the model, in the not in the model, in the in the supplies set they're actually neatly packed into a little space. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Squeak squeak. Yes. Because the two are so close together that their regions overlap. Mm-hmm. The greatest overlap with what? Ho ho. I think I think you're throwing information away. Yeah. But it may be a bad idea. It may be a bad idea. You've just thrown data away. Yeah. J Well The gaze will wobble. The gaze will wobble. That's natural. Mm-hmm. Or indeed they might be looking from one to another. D or deciding which one to choose or thinking so you don't want to decide it's only one and throw the other one out. Mm-hmm. Okay, well that's fine. That I was going to say that's the obvious way to do it. Well each one is yes or no. couple of dozen. Right. Six to a dozen usually. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean I think it's very likely that um if people are considering f mm-hmm. Well, not if the regions overlap, okay. If the regions i Right. And if you define the regions so neatly that there's that, you know, that we're losing gaze because of jiggle outside this closely defined region when it's in the middle of space, then I mean I I actually like the solution, however ugly it it looks in terms of a data format of having a track for every possible object of gaze. Mm-hmm. S a thing. Mm-hmm. Well okay. So Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I always thought that was brilliant. Yeah, it is big, and you do have to scroll through it to see what's going on. But it gives you a very clear picture of what's going on. Yeah, well, okay. But so we'd we'd better do a test one and and listen to them scream. With parts. Right. So I mean so Mm-hmm. Okay. So what about the point where a part becomes the construct? Do you still identify it as a part? I mean I think one should lose that I take it. 'Cause Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. So you cha so every time a part is added to the construct, it becomes a new part. So the construct actually um has say it has six things that are added to some initial thing, okay. So if there's just the initial thing you've put it in the middle of the screen, that's just the initial object, right. Soon as you put a part, there's a construct. But it's construct one. Because when you add another part, construct one ceases to exist and you get construct two, right. So actually defining all of those as the construct is gonna be the trickiest thing. Right. So you're you're looking at triangle one, right, and all of a sudden it ceases to exist. 'Cause you can build sub-assemblies. And then you can start again. Also when you when you screw it up, you g start again. Because the definition Mm-hmm. Well, the problem is that all of these things are popping out of existence. So do we know the difference between um we broke it and it went away and um it's now part of the construct? Can we ta can we tag the constructs with what's in them? Yeah. Okay. So we could we could essentially well, then we could cumulati or it is a new construct 'cause it has a new list of a new cumulative list of parts, right. But we will Right. So So some fancy programming's gonna have to be done to say I was looking at triangle one and now I'm looking at triangle one in construct one. 'Cause the first construct was triangle one and square one, okay. Alright. So now we have to ask whether um So l let's imagine this, we've made a construct of two parts, and we're c i a triangle and a square. And we're considering now adding something on to the side of the square that isn't attached to the triangle. Okay. Are we looking at the square or we looking at the construct? Yeah. Uh in this definit should be looking at the construct. There isn't a way to figure out that you're looking at the square rather than the triangle. Mm-hmm. It is. Well Okay, because I mean that's that's the example m f presumably that's the best example of overlapping overlapping areas. 'Cause if if the thing the two s the two things are now abutted. Of course there's an area which is common to both of them, okay. Um so what I'm trying to run through in my head is that we can always tell the difference between um something going out of existence 'cause it's joined to construct something going out of existence 'cause we threw it away, right. Suppose we pick up an we we we screwed up the first time we put the triangle with the square and we threw it away and decided we didn't like it, and we took another one. Is it triangle one? Is it triangle one prime or something like that? It's the replacement for triangle one. Mm-hmm. Well how do I know what it replaces? N n Uh this is true. But if I have triangles one two three, right, and I throw them away, any triangles I take out are to replace one two three. Okay. Except that ex no, you don't know which one they're meant to replace. But you know they're not meant to replace any that are all that are that haven't been thrown away. Okay. Right. So the new parts are replacing those which have disappeared from the screen. And if there's no more T_R_ one track the T_R_ one track is gone now. Oh there are many. Same identity. Oh, is that true? You've decided not to make all the triangles red and squares green and Oh, okay. Right. One two and three. they Okay. So So there So shape plus colour. Okay. They're unique. All the parts are unique. So wai hang on. That makes the task a little bit easier, right. The uh all the lines. So Indeed. Which kind of leaves you with an obvious way of making the same task harder and easier, doesn't it? But but that's hard to code. I mean that's really a thing we might do. Okay. So now let's make sure that the coding would survive that. It's just it's a beautifully controlled situation. The construction task is essentially the same. It's the figuring out stuff that gets harder if everything is purple. For a just to choose a colour at random here. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So if you have five black triangles, there gonna be five black triangles in the parts box? Or one? Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. As long as it this is possible. So c that that just is a kind of thing which is so simple, so much like a single one zero variable change that it if it that doesn't already exist. 'Cause I'm tr I'm trying to kinda map this onto Baufix. Um and Baufix has has multiple, you know, all the the The the v the nuts are are red or and all the um flat things are wood colour something. The same part the same part is different colours. Oh yeah? So when you say a red nut or a green bolt or a long green bolt then there'll be lots of them lying around. And I think that's how the robot is set up to there are five five green bolts. Uh here is one, you know. Okay. Okay. So Okay, so w uh all I'm I'm doing is kind of worrying out loud about all the things that will happen that we'll miss by th a simple view of for example regions and looking at at triangle one. When is triangle one not triangle one anymore. Um does it s keep its identity. Mm. Identity, yes. Mm-hmm. That's true. So how can we define the shapes that people build? Well If assuming I was for a moment I was J_P_ and I wanted to know how they actually went about building the thing. Okay. And I wanted to um to look at the strategy. And I wanted to see if the strategy was different when we could talk about it and when we just picked up whatever. I mean suppose I can't talk to you and I'm doing this task with you and I can't talk to you. Um the thing which is gonna be hardest for me is making elaborate plans with you. I can reach for the next thing and you can go where I reach. But if I have some, you know, sub-goal, some long-term sub-goal, of doing something clever with putting these together 'cause it's hard and then putting these together 'cause it's hard, there it's gonna be almost impossible to convey that to you. And the difference in the history of construction, right, is an important thing, and I wonder how we can get that information back. Do you think? No, it why is not uh that's that's not the question I'm asking. The question I'm asking is what's the history of the construct? So you have the n the names of the things in there. And you have two constructs suppose we have two sub-constructs. And whichever one had two pieces put together first is the earlier numbered of those constructs, right. How do you tell the difference between adding a piece to this first construct and creating a second construct? Mm. Okay. It's it's it's parent child relationship. Okay. So construct two could b um construct one is um a red triangle and a green square. Construct two is um two green squares, okay. Construct three, right, is a red triangle, a green square and another red triangle. Construct four okay. Okay. And you can so how are we gonna tell when for example you think we're gonna have to do human coding on when two sub-constructs are put together. No, that's a definition wherein a construct has a c has constructs as children? Okay. Okay. Right. So we could zip we could zip through this and look at all the um all the interactions in which people build sub-construct contstructs first which we expect them to do bu as a wild hypothesis more when they have verbal communication than when they don't, okay. And we can do that by simply searching for any constructs that have constructs as children. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we haven't actually made a rule that you can't uh collect extra parts, right? No no. I mean you have to b you have to break one to get one, okay. And you can't just bring extras in case you screw up. You have to screw up first and then you can bring an extra. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. I but it does have replacement. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. There there's a so you so so you appreciate you appreciate the cost of screwing up. Mm-hmm.. Mm-hmm, that's right. Right. Okay. So they rejected something or they broke something inadvertantly. Okay. Is there a way of telling the difference between intentional and unintentional breakages? Bec yeah. No, you p they both put they both put their hands on a construct because they don't like it.. Mm-hmm. Yep. So that just has to be coded. Mm-hmm. Um not generically. Because they'll if they're gonna do it by gesture they'll build up a convention, right. What else do we need to know? Unless they develop a convention. Suppose they start off with language and then they they say hey look, you know, let's do it like this. Sure. Absolutely. I just I just wanna make sure that a wish list, yes. Yes. For sure you know that's and l or well n is not necessarily intentional. They could just screw up. Yep. Mm-hmm. Or I don't think that's very good, no, we'll never get away with that, we'll get a bad score. Let's just throw that away and start again, yeah. Okay. Which reminds we have fixed the score problem. Have we? Right. Was the percentage overlap and that made the score? Yeah? That's when I left. Oh yeah, well do you know which which which which one was the top right. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But that's all been fixed. That's that's that's back. Don't tell me it was a feature. Alright. Oh okay. Oh. So Hmm. But The right. Not prominently flagged. Okay. A communication flaw. Okay. So we can now that's now just lovely. And there won't be any crazy scores anymore. Oh. I have to use a new page. Alright. So the last I think I'm sorry, you know, I had as assorted emails from you and I was probably didn't catch everything. The problem was that there are two Camtasia records. They don't see their own gaze. They see the o only the other guy's gaze, right. Huh huh. Okay. I mean Check out Okay. So we Mm-hmm. Is there mm. Is there such a thing um as um, you know, dual track video? Because you can certainly mix things. Um what ideally one wants one doesn't really want to l to have these things. Uh um because we're using them for back-up and for coding. We don't really want to play them independently. We do almost always want to use them in exactly in parallel. Time aligned. Um what are we doing for synchronization otherwise? Okay. So that we'd have to re-align them. We couldn't dump them from their start points. Well, maybe you could. The thing that you're dumping them onto just starts running with the flash and the bleep. You turn on the two copies whenever at different times. But they're still no? Is the what what i th what are they I don't really understand the the parts that are operating here. Two videos are turning on. There is no time stamp that comes from some common source. Mm-hmm. Right. Right. Okay. Right, is there a div mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So they'll include things like the um the eye tracker calibration, right, which is not a bad thing actually. Because sometimes you wanna go back and find out if this was just a particularly duff subject.. Right. Yeah. And hand every time we re-calibrated the damn thing slipped, yeah. That actually helps. I mean that ni Right. Yep. Mm-hmm. Right. No, they that actually saves you hours trying to make somebody's data smooth out when it won't. Because yeah. That's a technical term. That's a a technical categorization in psychological research. And that's because? Well we need sound we we need real sound recording, right. That's that's two track. That's stereo. Alright. Uh-huh. On w on what? Uh sorry. Uh On one of the Con O o it's uh On Camtasia. That's our only sound record? Mm. Mm-hmm. How good is it? Yeah. Have to really question. Mm-hmm. And then then they can do sound analysis on that. Oh okay. Right. So we there's gonna be a way to, sooner or later, to align the eye track, Camtasia one, Camtasia two with two sound channels. Right. Mm-hmm. Ah, the bleep we'll find. Mm. Right. Right. Right. They uh they also tend to have a funny funny shape, beeps. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, is there an end signal? When you decide it's all over, does it ping you back and Right. Okay. So when you've when you've pressed we're finished, it pings back at you? Okay. It's just that all kinds of crazy things happen when you're running things, and so up saving a percentage of a trial is sometimes a good i you know, being able to do that is sometimes a good idea. Okay. Can w Yeah, can we do can we do something better than that? Like having Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's it's crazy. We're in an anechoic room which we specially, yeah, built an anechoic. But, you know, sound room which we specially built for this. We're d in good circumstances. We shouldn't screw it up more than we have to. Is there anything we can do to improve this? No. No, no. Do you have a powered microphone or something. Right. That the line is stereo, the input is mono. Right? Is that what you said? Right. Is ah. That's somewhere in the sound card. Yep. Its own track, its own video. You have to align the videos anyway, right? I Well I'm not the technical person who would do it. But I know who to ask. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But it's the same as Mm-hmm. Says Robin thinking about cutting and splicing, yeah. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I wanna see several of them. I wanna see I wanna see one of them um look really nice before we start running subjects. Can we do that? Yeah. Yes, that's right. I just wanna know it works the way you expect it to work. This is not a a gesture of mistrust. This is just experience that um if anything can screw up it will. I I'm trying to choose my language carefully because we're being recorded. But you'll hear more choice language at the point when we've all done a lot of work and and then we discover we can't use the session because of some thing we didn't think about. Right. Um Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. And then then we combine Yeah. It's probably worth mentioning this to the to the guys in the garage in Toronto, right. To say mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Right. I think that's a if the documentation said it w could record in stereo then I think we should talk to them about how they've done this. Is you're not sure from the documentation what it says it can do? Mm-hmm. Right. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right. Right. Okay. Right. Right. Right. Okay, so when you I mean uh given that there are these events recorded, we can use any of them as the beginning of any of them as a start point, for example, right. Um there are also motions being recorded of objects. Right. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay.. Right. Yeah. So I'm right. Uh that that that's great. I I'd before we break up for lunch I just wanna make sure that tha that I know how long it's gonna be before we're in run mode, okay. So the sound thing the sound thing is stands in our way, we need to be recording sound online. Okay. So that's a thing that has to be solved. The shape thing is solved. Mm-hmm. We think. We believe. Right. So that's that that that should be done this week. Um in fact like tomorrow for example. Um the shape all the shape problems are solved. Generating shapes, no problem. Um scoring shape overlap, no problem. Nothing is problem there. There are no visual display problems. Mm-hmm. Yeah, they had their They had their inspection last week. Um J_P_ staggered away from it and Ah. Mm-hmm. Okay. S Um I haven't I haven't had any discussions with him since. Well, he's ph he's physically here. If we want to pay him for some more time we can do that. Would that be a just better use of our time in get Yeah. Right. But m he he he is around and I believe. And if if the if i if it's a Right. But if um if everybody has a lot to do and, you know, Joe could give it a couple of hours, which i is what it might take just to fix it, then let's do it because starting run-time is now getting to be fairly urgent. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Right. But we can't we can't make Joe do this ec alright, so there's uh some trade-off between availability and speed from start to finish, given that this is somebody else's code. So you know. Right, so we're we're b we're building models. Right. We're we um We have the design somewhere. Mm. Hmm. Well Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. I think so. 'Cause um I have to check back with with J_P_ fairly soon. Okay, he wanted to kn um The eighteen the next eighteen month plan, great. Deliverables, great. Progress with the experiment, well that's what we're doing now. Okay. So what do we think, if you have a fairly hectic week, are we looking for subjects next week? Okay. Ads go up. Yeah, I do. I do. But I think ad should probably go up this week. We want people for n for next week. Is that okay? Is anybody now terrified at the thought that we're live next week? There are people coming in here one after another. Or p two two after two, more likely. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, is the is this is this generalised is this generalised anxiety, Robin? Or do you have a specific thing that okay. So aside from the usual angst which we all suffer when we go live. So we w we wanna do some piloting at the end of the week? Right. Okay. Right. S Right. She's using but she's actually relaxed that somewhat. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ostensibly booked time, which isn't Okay. We've but we have we have a solid booking for all the mornings anyway. Right? And l except by permission of us, alright. We own it. Um so we can change that. I mean they everybody acknowledged the the other week that we that we had priority. Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Don't worry. Um there's there's a booking system, right. So it's public what's booked and what isn't. Okay. No. Alright, maybe w should get on there and book mornings as far as the eye can see. Alright. Uh-huh. Yeah, just a well we think we spoke to all the people who who used those facilities the other day. But we could be wrong. So Huh. Right. Um well the two key holders are here. Oh I see. From Caroline? Or the general office? The general office. I see. But no, they need a they need an account on this machine to actually to use it. They need account on these machines so that they could book. They couldn't actually log in. Mm-hmm. Okay. We're also working on a way of making sure that the matin that the machines return to zero state when they're when you come off them. because the it's the people have been leaving var um well, people have been leaving various bits of who knows what around on them, right, which which we think is what's critical. Okay. Um piloting piloting piloting. You have we have to build the things. We have to try the machi th things. We have to check them with Marloes and J_P_ that they like the representation, the variables, right. How about uh you have any time on Friday? I get a email back. Maybe you and I should be the pilot subjects. First pilot subjects, the ones who um know which questions we wanna ask. And then we should get another pair who are naive to the whole thing. Okay. This is generalised floating anxiety. No no. It's it's it's wisdom. But yeah. Well um because actually we can I mean uh, you know, if we make comments, they feed back in a lo into the development.