Smile for the camera. Helium one. I think there should be a break for and. But I think maybe that one should be underlined. Helium. M_B_D_A_ presumably is lambda. And the in that case. Yep. Yep. Right, what's different? Just this. High excitation emission lines. I think high excitation should be in because it's just saying It's talking about the species that the emission lines are coming from. Living up in nebulosity. ESO, I don't think is an instrument. Okay. To not yes, to keep hubble. Um for this that should be green as well. Well it is the whole name yes, I get Absorption line systems shouldn't be there. Absorption line systems. And again. Needs column densities, which is a derived property. But then Mm-hmm. And Lyman alpha cloud shouldn't be in there either. Right. No. For some reason I seem to have just died on this one. He got bored. You're right there. Yes. I've labelled that wrong. And here again. Um it is. But is emission line A_G_N_ a separate class from A_G_N_? I don't think it is. I think A_G_N_ You wouldn't talk about But I don't think you'd particularly class them as a separate source. A separate source class. Maybe you would. Mm, I didn't it, I just looked at the plu And I guess there is a difference between uh an A_G_N_ with emission lines and one without, esp especially if it's X_ ray detected. So yeah, I'm happy with that as long as that's red as well, which it is. Um No. Oh, galactic stars. I think you're r you're right again there. G_ dwarf. Presumably. Never met one, but don't know what it is. Right. Oh, is it? There you go.. And cluster, you're right. Absorption But it's the same Lyman alpha forest systems again. So you're right there. Or there maybe there shouldn't be any yeah, I think should still be absorption. Radio loud quasar again. You're right. I should definitely now we had a debate about this before, and I can't remember why I decided to mark associated. Um what does it mean? What is as associated absorption? Doesn't say it's associated with what. I don't know. I've got no idea what it means. Yeah. Right, okay. So is that what it means in that c context? Right. Um and associated again. Mechanisms. Quasar. And we should've s put emission line features, shouldn't we? But we're not supposed to mark things we've done differently. So We've just talked about n und underlining features. It doesn't say in the manual about features or not, but we d when we saw ones previously, we marked features. Um yes. The only problem, it's done if we've both been not marking it, there might be other instances in the text where it's not marked. Mm-hmm. Right, okay. Yeah. Yes, we've got quasars. And this is exactly the same as last one. systems. I_M_ galaxies. Is it? Okay. Hubble deep fields is being marked. And absorption shouldn't be marked, yep. I don't think able cluster is different from cluster. Hmm. An able cluster is just a a discover Yeah. Soft excess. Yep, okay, we can have soft excess. Mm-hmm. And yes, you're wrong 'cause that's you're right 'cause that's extended emission and Compton emission. I think you're right on both of them. Um X_ ray B_L_X_ and radio B_L_X_ I think are because the B_L_ within should be marked, So No continuum. C_O_ luminosity. Mm-hmm. Oh it's still too hot. Um Intermediate is a region. It shouldn't be highlighted, you're right. Because if if we talk about the broad line region, we're not supposed to highlight it. It's the same, it's just it's not very clear before the so-called. Um Yeah, just galaxies. Star bursts. Yes, they do. Oh. Yes, assuming you're talking about star burst galaxies rather than star burst within a galaxy. But they are talking about star burst galaxies. And galaxies. Mm continua or continuum flux. It's another one of those that doesn't really make a big difference. But what did we decide? Let's keep flux in because it in most of these cases we've put flux in. And the same as feature. Broad line. I was gonna say put it in. Um The lack of broad line polarization. Broad line polarization, is that a spectral feature? I think you'd want the whole thing in some extent. Ts you can't get it just from a spectrum. But you can if you've got a spectrum that's split by polarized light. As it is. Polarization's a property. Yes, okay. Yep. Now I d don't know what was marked here. Have you got the bottom of this page? Or is it cut off? No. I said that weak line was. Because the modifier should be included, which I think it should. Even though we claim radio galaxies i this should be underlined. This should be green. Oh right, okay. Are we the same on the bottom line? Okay, so the question is oh no, it's different. Oh I've got line, that's fine. Line comes out and and should come out as well. So there's a right but I think weak line should be in. Bec i in the same way that if you had broad line it would be in there. Right. Yes. Mm okay. Um line again. But we've got emission line in the ratios. That's fine. Infrared galaxies. That's right again. Oh no, is it? No, it's wrong. Yeah. I'll get this. Line. And that's it. Making emission feature, which we're including now. Mm-hmm. Star forming galaxies No, we can't. Star forming galaxies should be in. Yeah. Proto-galactic lump. W Not gonna get away with that one. It's a lump. It's something. Emission feature again. Damp Lyman That should be because it's not an absorber, it's an absorption. Oh, covers, yeah. Yeah, you cross 'em out. Features. A feature again. Is a feature a spectral feature. damped Lyman alphas again. Yeah. after and the rest is the same. Now a line should be in. X_ ray B_ L_. Intermediate. We put in type type one point nine. Yes, I think it should be in. Mm-hmm. Oh gosh, this looks complicated. Oh it's just it's Lyman alpha absorption. And we don't like that one. And we don't like that one. Yes we are taking out line on its own. So we ha yes. Every time Yes, I think we have to take in general every time there's been line where's there been line? Okay, it's line width, but it's st it's still where it says lines. Have we had any just where it says line ratios? Mm. Yes, I think you're right. No. We want the whole thing in there. Or in the U_V_. I don't think spectrum should be there. But if it's a wave length or a wave band we were putting it in. Yeah. Yep, you're right. Line centre you can point to. Not like line width, but you can point to line centre. In fact the whole thing should be highlighted, I think. You can point to the line wings. Mm that's just a Yep, no that shouldn't be in there. Mm you're right, star burst. Oh, star burst active star burst like activity, that's I don't think that's a class. It's a action. But A_ g but a an A_ an A_G_N_ is a class. A star burst is a type of galaxy, but it's also something that can happen within a galaxy. It's But an A_G_N_ is an object. The star burst, you can't say here is a star burst. can't star burst if it means galaxy. If this means star burst galaxy like activity, then that's fair enough. But star burst refers to Mm. I can see that. Mm-hmm. Okay. Let's keep it in. I I think you're right anyway. Mm-hmm. Yes, I think it was ma maybe if it was star forming like activity, that would be different. But yeah. Yes, that's right, but star burst is different. Okay. Um we've just got this split up. I think there should be w H_ You're right, it's two. It's a wave length region, but it's tilt but you're saying between that line and that line. Um You are, yes. That's all part of the name. Line ratios? But galaxy should be in. So we need to write that. Um hold on. Oh no, they are the same. Sorry, I missed that. Absorption line systems. Hubble. And hubble. And galaxy. Galaxy distribution. Still the distribution of galaxies. Um high ionization lines? Yes. Mm-hmm. Open that radius button. Yes, don't include Platt's spectrum. Quasars. Low ionization. Mm but three should be in. Um low ionization, th they're low BALs, aren't they? Low BAL is a separate class of source. Um, I I don't know if high BALs are, but low BALs are. Oh right, yeah. Yeah. I shouldn't you're right there. Emission line candidates. Yes, you're right. Continuum I think should be in, aren't they? Although I was talking about conti yeah, continuum luminosity continuum flux, it should be in. I thought we had, we'd put in Mm-hmm. Yeah, we weren't doing broad band detections. We were doing yeah. This is nice tea. Now what were we doing if It And what were we doing Um I don't know, 'cause you in language speak, mark each as a separate entity. That's different. Mark sub-sections of entities t no, that's different. Doesn't really say. So we need a rule for that. What have we done t Z_ equals two. Yeah. As one, okay. Let's whatever's easiest for you. Y Um yes, take it out., isn't it? The spectral components. X_ ray binaries. Hubble deep field again. Emission line objects shouldn't be in either of them. Radio quiet quasar should be go mm I think that's right. Now you've done one and not the other. And you're right because one's line formation and one's line profile. I_G_M_ I've done again. This is nice and easy. Components. Um Mm-hmm. But we want the line still. The galaxy or galaxy? Given that it is the galaxy. It should be the galaxy, I guess. Insert proper whatever the word is.. H_V_C_, is it this? Known to lie in the direction of high velocity clouds. That's where they are. They shouldn't be in there. Yes, but they don't explain. I_C_M_. Scuba. Sometimes anyway when it works. Um No, but no, you're right, and this should be red as well. It should all be. Narrow line A_G_N_ are different. I missed out that. H_ beta l width. So Just keep H_ beta, I think. Given that we're not putting line width itself. Even line if it is line width. You can have flux. H_ beta should be in. Not that line, but we want enhanced. We we wanted, and this is relative, we wanted modifiers of modifiers of spectral lines, E_G_ weak broad lines. I weak w relative to what though? It's all relative, but it's still a modifier of that line. And the same Um No, only when it's embedded. Oh, but the second one. Oh, it's included beside mark it all as one entity, yes. Yes, I don't know how many times I've missed the. Um weak emission I think should be in there. Mm. If we're including it, emission Um No, that's true, so we shouldn't have done either of those. But then weak yeah, okay, nothing at all. That's not a separate source. Red continuum should be in. Broad line emission and the rest frame U_V_ should all be one. You're right, yeah. Oh. No, it shouldn't. Oh yes, sorry, you're right. Lines. Yes, that's true. Associated again, which means nothing. Continuum source shouldn't be in. And associated shouldn't be in. C_T_I_I_O_. What does it stand for? That is a separate thing. Y yeah. Yes, but it's also a telescope, and I think he if there's no other way of describing it, that telescope The C_T_I_O_ four metre telescope is must be what it's called. Otherwise they'd call it a name. Um We're including observatory if it refers If it's part of the proper name of an instrument. Yes, up the telescope? No, just four metre. Ion shouldn't be in there. Oh no, it should. Iron and absorption. Is it contamination from blended iron and absorption lines? No, it's not. It's no, it's not. I if the comma wasn't there, it would be in. So they do mean iron line. So so it should be in. And we're keeping line in 'cause its strengths, yeah. Continuum flux we should have all in. G oh. There're gonna be hundreds of those. Least it's quick. Um I don't think that's a separate class of quasar. But then I don't know about quasars. I think it should p Yeah. That's okay. Um the A_W_D_ s. Mm white dwarf? Um. Okay, so it is a different class. Okay. Nope. Low BAL. Mm I'd put multiple in there. We're not supposed to do components. I say neither of them. Or yeah, that's right. No absorption lines. That should be highlighted. Oh sorry, I'm I me Yeah, I don't thin I don't think there was s but Mm only if it's an astro-physically distinct distinct Okay. No absorption lines should be in, and the same here. I didn't. Nice not to do associated for once. I you're Y yes, you shouldn't. And we w oh gosh, what were we gonna to do about A_ and again? Yes, you are right, yeah. Strong soft X_ ray flux. Yeah, you can point to that. And that's associated absorption lines. And absorption and small clouds is out. Ah, now this is the conjunct rule again. And I've done blue wings of this and this and this. And this is one double line. And this. And presumably that's red there. It goes over there. I think i if the line's too long, y you've highlighted all i as one. But and I've highlighted it separately. It should be separate. I think if the line's too long, it's only ha putting the bottom line because Olivia would've marked from blue all the way to the end as one long line. Yes, but I think it probably was and just hasn't printed because Olivia wouldn't have started marking at fourteen O_ two. Almo two lines above. Yeah, but I think it's just m missing out the printing if the line goes over the end. 'Cause if you look at you look at what Olivia's done here, Olivia wouldn't have just highlighted that line. She would have highlighted the whole thing. Yeah, and it's just hasn't printed that. But it is marked I think. Mm-hmm. Shouldn't be. But it's al is that also the name of the source? So it should be this one plus the pink. Line broadness, and I think that should be in. That's true. Well okay yeah. So we've been in here. Alright. my table for now. Rich iron spectrum. You're probably right. To the feature of the spectrum. Does that make it a spectral feature? Um It's a feature of the whole spectrum rather than you can't say there is a rich iron spectrum, you can say this is a rich iron spectrum. Yes, it's not a spectral feature. It's feature of the spectrum, which is different. Yes. And then with the same. Gosh, we're getting through this now. Um giant ellipticals or ellipticals. We were inclu are you not They are separate, but are they a separate class? I think they probably are in the ETA B_T_G_s and things. Ionized emission. Yes, I think you want ionized in there. You can point to ionized emission rather than Hmm. Emission from high excitation lines. Yeah. It it's pointing there and saying, look, there's a high excitation emission. And there's not high excitation. K Mm-hmm. Line ratio. What's different there? Oh there, yes. Narrow line Seyfert one should all be one. With the red inside it. That Yeah. It's describing the line you're looking for. We've included it before when you've said this has been detected. From I think should be in there. E emission lines. Quasars I missed. Damped Lyman also is not systems, yeah. Mm no, I think it's a spectral feature. You can point to the damped Lyman a alpha resorption, in in the same way you can point to H_ beta emission, although H_ beta emission is a process. Or emission from H_ beta is is a process. No, the damped Lyman alpha absorption systems we crossed out. We also crossed out What did we do back Mm you can point to low red shift damped Lyman alpha absorption 'cause you're shifted in the spectrum there. Um would it be if it was H_ beta absorption? And you just took out the low red shifts. Quasars with H_ beta absorption you'd put in. Because it's a spectral feature. I think damped Lyman alpha absorption I think it's both. Because we've every feature is produced by a process. Yes, it's depends whether it has t whether it means with low red shift damped Lyman alpha cloud absorption. If it was damped Lyman alpha absorbers, that would be different. But I think absorption It's a process, but it also produces a spectral feature, where you can say there's the damped Lyman alpha absorption, there's the in the same way that the, yeah, H_ beta emission is a process. Yeah, I think it should be in there. Micro-quasars. They're dubbed micro-quasars. Is it gonna be a decent source type in the future? I haven't heard referred to since. But But just talk about the micro-quasar. Yeah, I think you're right, they have ma Mm on the other hand if we're having hyper-luminous galaxies where, you know, they've just got ultra-luminous and oh, even more hyper-luminous. Well someone must have made that up for the first time. I think Same as a hyper-luminous galaxy being very very extreme. I reckon a dwarf amorphous nuclei star burst galaxy, a dance, is a Yeah, okay. But what about the acronym because that's has that should be in. star burst nuclei. You're right. Oh. The object. If it was star burst galaxies, it would be in there. Star burst nuclei refers to a region within an object which would not be observed separately. Um Okay. Because the acronym has star burst in it uh galaxies in it, in the S_, and if the acronym includes its Then it has to be in there. Continuum flux you can have. U_V_ and optical emission line ratios. But U_V_ and optical emi U_V_ and optical emission should be in there though. No, it shouldn't 'cause it it modifies the ratios. Oh gosh, no emission l okay, so I've highlighted this in r red and then the whole thing in green because type two Seyfart galaxies are one. So I think that's right, as long as this is T_V_ gamma ray emission. We weren't doing broad-band detections, yeah? Using the. It is, yes. Very stupid, but it is. F_B_S_ objects shouldn't be in there. I don't know, but it's got object. And the MAMA scanning machine is an instrument, it's not a telescope, it's an instrument. Oh yes, it should be. Narrow emission lines from high iron yeah. Absorption features. Weak continuum. That should be separate. Continuum radiation. Neither. Mm-hmm. Yep. Oh, there's emission from the narrow line region, yeah. Narrow line emission should be in. F_V_ low BAL is a source type. Stupid Keckers. You used to b oh no, Keck observatory. Yes, we did decide Keck was going in. At all, yep. And we shouldn't allow emission. Radio quasars? Yeah. Oh, no, radio loud and radio quiet are.. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Um Ye I think they're a separate class, yes. We're not putting them in spectral, but I think we are putting them in because it's so broad band. But yes, they are separate. No, you can't point to it, yeah. Missed group. Subaru telescope, you're right. It's under a proper name 'cause it's got a capital T_. Wonderful. Well once we've got them identified, a lot of them were the same problem going round and round. Um where's the bin in here? And more to the point, can I get to it without going ah, I can carry my little bits in the with me. Excuse me, camera, I need to find the bin. Um and there isn't one, is there?