Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So so m so I assume that well once you've that sort of information, you well you got the G_D_F_ format. You then filter it to say, right, between time X_ and time Y_ they're they're constructing that having triangle one to the construct. And then you just say in that time period, what percentage are they looking at triangle one. What percentage are they looking at the construct. Does that sound does that sound reasonable? Yep. Yeah, Right. Right. Yeah, all all the all events have a start time and an end time. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Okay. Yeah 'cause I think that that's gonna co that's 'cause b the diagram we got there suggesting that they're only looking thing at time. So whether it's triangle or whatever else. But so what you're suggesting there is they can be looking at the triangle and maybe a mouse pointer and maybe an eye at the same time. Okay, okay. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, yeah. 'Cause you get c 'cause you Yep. Yeah. Yep. Yep, yep. Okay, yeah. So so yeah. So so it's just a matter of adding these, the two mouse pointers and the um two gazes as extra objects. Um so yeah. As long as as long as they've got an I_D_ in there we can just say right at this p between these times they're looking at that object or they're looking at the mouse, they're looking at whatever. Yep. Yeah. Pens. I confuse 'em. Yeah. that would Yeah. Yeah. Well thing is that with Yeah.. Yeah. thing thing is W_G_D_S_ formats is wor is working at the moment. It's actually got a separate track for each part. So Yeah. Well the Well the the the it depen depends on the depends on what you build in. There's different parts there's different parts whether you're doing the tamgram or whether you're doing an airpa airplane or whatever. Um But th but sa but thing is if if we if we got if we got tracks for each for each part we can we can easily analyse it down later on. Yeah. Yeah, well the Yeah. Yeah. Well the the the the doesn't really list part in the in the G_D_F_. Um so yeah. That that that's not a problem. There so that bas basically what I've got is well there there there's places where you got the I_D_ though. So you've the an I_D_ for a part, you got an I_D_ for a location on the screen. So it shows you the target, config the clock, whatever else. Um and then we can easy add I_D_s for the two mouse points and the two gazes. Um and from that and ba basically all all the all the tracks are doing is saying at this between this time there's a look at this o this object. Yeah, th this I_D_. Um so uh so it's effectively a track for each I_D_. The th yeah the but but Well wha wha what happen what happens there is that the the two the the existing parts basically cease to exist and a new part with a new I_D_ starts existing at the point where they're joined. Yep. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, that that that that's what that's what that's the way he's working the moment. Because it uh th it's it's generating a new I_D_ when you c when you create a new part. Um Yeah. Um yeah. But there there's there's joint events. So if the if a joint event if if if it's there's joint event linked to linked to the item then you know it's become part of a construct. Um of um Yeah, the the the yeah. The con the con the constructs are already tagged with that. So that I'm act there's actually a s a separate file of the data format which says for each construct, which which two parts made it made that came together to make that construct. Yeah. But you can still ta you can still track what parts went into it. So you can still find triangle one, whatever. Yeah. Yeah. But but that's easy n uh it's easy to do because the the co each construct has the I_D_s for the pa the things that construct it. Yeah. Yeah. Well we'll d yeah well with the yeah d well thing is that we we still have the X_ wa the X_ wave traces from the ASCII formats. So if if you want if you want to be able to say I'm looking at a square instead of I'm looking at the construct, that's it is possible to get that data out. Um it's it's yeah. It's it's not doing it's not doing it in the gest analyzer at the moment. But I can easily add it to give that information if you want. Yeah, if if you take it if you t if you crea if you create a new part, it uh it gets a new I_D_. So if you get if you drag a new part out of the parts bin Uh Yeah, I mean the we e Yeah, I mean you know whi you know which way they match. So you can Yeah, the Yep. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, so I think that anything's loading. There's there's then two triangle, isn't there? There's two identical triangles in the tamgram. Um Well yeah yeah. When you when you specify the molds in the in the in the p the file that c that generates the parts, like a list of parts, the molds are bas just taken out of the the file that generate that specifies the parts. So so ho however many part however many mo however many parts there are in the file, that's how many parts appear in the in the parts box. If you have five black triangles gonna be five five parts in the fi five black black triangles in the parts box. But what what what but what you can do well if in the in the initial configuration you can re-use a triangle. So if you so if you only want one black triangle, you just create one black triangle in the parts box and then re-use that pa that triangle five times in the configuration. Yep. Yep. Well when the when the f when the final construct the the way the the way the the constructs are defined in the file, you've got like your p your parent construct and the parts that it's constructed out of. Um and yeah, as I say, the Yeah, yeah. So you got parent child relationship and i the child can be a part or it can be another construct. Yeah, yeah. 'Cause uh there's a joint action. The result the t what you need for a join action you need to yeah, a construct and a part, two parts, whate whatever you're taking together. And then the result of that is a construct. You've got time when that happens. You can see that construct appeared at that time. Um and you can still track the children of that construct. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, well by by the by the time by the time they're doing that they must have already broken something. So you'll so you'll know what they're replacing. So Uh they do. If if if what if one if one person's trying to get a part to a part that isn't that that so the part that's just sitting on the screen that's not being touched. They both break. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh well yeah. 'Cause yeah. C 'cause it was through the rotational part. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I'm I've th I've yeah. It's it's in the documentation. But it's like two thirds of the way down a quite a long page. So Yep. But um Yeah. Yeah. No. No the the the there's there's very small graphical bugs. But it's it's not it's not big thing. It's like couple of white pixels uh in the course of a in the course of a the course of a task. So it's there's distracting. No. Yeah, but then the que the que the question is there a licence for Camtasia where you just need one editing c thing and two recording things. 'Cause yeah, the r the recording yeah, the recording thi pro program is just quite a it's quite a small program. They just gen it just generates the video and so I don't know don't know if it's worth having a look at the licensing for that just to see. Yeah. Yep.. Mm. Yeah. No, you got you Yeah, you got exactly the same access to sound quality as you got from anythi anything else on the Windows. So you can you decide whatever quality you want. So got a bit of Uh yeah. Because the the synchronization, the audio and vi the audio visual synchronisation comes at a specific point in the eye track file. No, it's yeah th it's i i sta stamped into it. So it's just after just after it prints the line starting experiment uh uh yeah. I'll I'm pretty sure it's just yeah. Yep. Uh well the well the MATLAB script uh bas just sa uh just says uh yeah, gi gi gives you the times of the audio beep in the s in the signal. So I just Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Pretty confident. But you you've you've seen them. It it was it was Yeah. Yeah, I don't see him with ten he kilohertz. Yeah. Yeah, the the the there's a signal at the start and the end of every trial. So Yep. Yep. Yes, it's a stereo jack. It's a stereo jack. But it's a mono but it's a mono uh microphone. Mono mono recording on microphones. Line in. Uh sp going going through a line in. So it's a so it's a lit so it's quieter because it's not as though it's not powered. But it's still, think, yeah. We we still pick up a signal. Yeah. Yeah. Well the the when they are they are the the they have batteries in them. But i there's not doesn't. But doesn't seem to be powered because the because the line in input's so low. The so the sound the sound the s Well the yeah, the the yeah, the the the the jack that is that it's plugged into is stereo. But when you plug in when it's recording from microphone, it records in mono. And yeah. A new sound card is fixable. Yeah. Als think we we have a well I suppo I suppose it well one th one thing you do is uh re is record the sou speech signal separately for each for each person. But then you'd have to pull the two pull the two sounds together. So if uh so if i i if each machine recorded its own with a recorded the recorded like the the p th the uh the user on that one. Yeah. Yeah. Oh they yeah. And then the so the yeah. So th Yeah, it's easy. Easy. If if nothing if nothing else you h uh if nothing else you can do it in a MATLAB script. You just write read read file one, read file two. And then you just yeah. Yeah, but then the the the MATLAB the MATLAB script will tell you how l it will tell you how far apart they are. 'Cause you can do you can just measure the drift between the two of them. 'Cause you got a l you got a list of where the where the beeps are. And then you say right, this stream is like, I don't know, nought point two five seconds behind the other one. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So then They've both got the same sound card. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 'Cause 'cause 'cause Yes. Yeah. So the the external version's got plugs that size and that that is stereo microphones. But yeah. The other one's plug's like the smaller size and that isn't stereo. So the colour the colour can do it. It's just that the connectors on the the connectors at the back of the computer can't. Yeah. But as as far far as we can and find the the web site of the, yeah, the the Creative Labs web site and the review of it. Um and they weren't entirely clear. But they both suggested that it is there is a mono that there there is a mono microphone. Yeah. Yeah, I'm Yeah. So and basically out the output the G_D_F_ is just gonna be a whole series of events, you know, with start and end time. And the event's gonna have whatever all whatever the object uh is that's being looked at and things. Um and then, yeah, and then it's a matter of we're gonna put whatever filters you need after that. So you can say right, I just want so you can say from the time where they picked up triangle one to the part time it became part of the assembly, find out how it's how m percentages of time they were looking at it or whatever. Yep. So yeah. So you got mo yeah. There there's move events. There's look events. there's fixations and blinks now at the moment as well. Um and, yeah, and oh yeah and see uh looks at looks at objects and looks whatever else. So um s Yep. Yep. Yeah. Yeah I will.. Yep. Yep. Okay. Fair enough. Okay. Well yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. So we'll we'll get we'll get the get the audio stuff tested, you know, single microphones. Um yeah. Get that tested next couple days and I assu I assume that's not something you need me for t in terms of that.. You don't you don't need me involved in the pilot, do you. So well unle unless unless it's a bug report, yeah. I'll w yeah w I'll I'll I'll b I'll be around. But yeah, I'll make sure. But ho hopefully it will run smoothly and yeah, I can relax. So