How y how do you do the summary? Is it So are you basing it on certain thresholds uh over a special d uh s okay. Oh that's the old old one. Okay. Okay. Um So you want to send Steve the prototype and we should change data. Where's the best best place to put it? Oh. Do you um take it from from my directory? Or do I have to put in in the sh Yeah, but would you take it from from my directory? Or okay. Maybe that's the problem. Maybe they have got um the minus in the code as well, and then something in is messed up. Uh-huh. And the area could be smaller. Yeah, as soon as I've finished all the meetings I think there's not that much to do unless I get some evaluation method. But that could be quite difficult. I would have to tag uh some part of it or something. Because if I d if I can't evaluate, I can't do any better. Because I don't know how to do better if I don't evaluate anything. Yeah. Yeah, he's really keen on that, isn't he. Mm. I don't know. Ten percent each. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, but it's Um Yeah. Don't know if it's that n yeah, it might be of help. Yeah. It's not essential though, I think. Hmm? Uh yeah, f per utteran uh I print the utterances in the I_D_. Uh no, the the I_D_ of the utterance and uh the measure I think. That shouldn't make too much difference. If I just take well m a file or where one meeting is in or concatenate all those, shouldn't be too bad. Have you currently got continuous I_D_s for your topic segments? Oh okay, I thought you had done all of them and Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Is that what v what you've got, because um because the different meeting series overlap. I think. I don't know. Might be interesting to the user though, just the word importance maybe. But we have got the index um for converting from Vera's I_D_s to to yours. So it shouldn't be a problem, should it. Yeah, I've done that for the correlation as well. So that's what that was quite easy to do. Have you got that for no, it's just for one meeting at the moment. Oh okay, sure. So what kind of change will you impose on the summarisation? Because if we fine-tune uh um according to that and it's not finished, it's n doesn't make any sense. Okay. Right. Uh-huh. Okay. So you at the moment you have got a threshold and everything that's above it is displayed. Or how do you d Yeah, so it's some kind of threshold that is set, okay.