The basic word importance is off-line as well. The combined measure might not be if we want to wait what the user has typed in into the search. Yeah. I'm not quite so what it did you want to do it, i you just wanted to assign Uh I thought about words. Mm. Mm okay. Yeah, but how about those words which don't carry any meaning at all, the um and uhs and something like that. Because if we if we average average over over a whole utterance all the words, and there are quite unimportant words in there, but quite important words as well, I think we should just disregard the the Okay. Alright. Yeah. But there is no I_D_ for an utterance I think. It's just for individual words. So how do we do that then? We for utterances as well. I think it's just for one word. So we have to Yeah. Uh I'm not quite sure, I have only seen that the uh the individual words have got an I_D_. Yeah. You always could have a look at the time stamps and then take the ones that uh belong together to form an utterance. Yeah, if they are already, there's it's easy but it would be possible. Uh yeah. Okay. You s uh you said you are currently in uh implementing the idea. What exactly are you computing? Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I w I w I would need the raw text pretty soon because I have to find out um how I have to put the segments into bins. And then yeah. No, that's not necessary. Yes, I did. But um I've only just got the notes. I have to still have uh to order everything by the time and Yeah, I think it's quite easy after the Yeah. Yeah. So uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, b I uh w that's what I was uh thought. That you just combine them and then order the time stamps accordingly. Okay. Um what I found out was that there are quite a lot of things without without s time stamps in the beginning. Yeah, and uh X_M_L_ files. Yeah, that's just an I_D_ or something. I don't know. Just numbers. Yes, but what are the other things that's uh some kind of number? F maybe the file number or something that is in the beginning. What is that? Do you know? Um I think there are quite a lot of numbers in the beginning where n there is no time stamp for the numbers. It's Think they say um quite a lot of numbers and before that, uh um there's this number. Was it Yeah, there i are numbers in the um the W_ tag, but there are no time stamps. Yeah. Yeah, in the beginning as well sometimes, I think. At least I saw some. Yeah. Yeah. But what it is it actually that numbers? Okay, so but there are no time stamps annotated to that. It's it's quite strange. And also um there are different um combinations of letters. B_R_E_ and something like that. Is it everything ordered are the time stamps global or uh are they local at any point? Okay. Yeah, it's Rainbow. It's um I think it's just the dictionary in the first place. But Um no, I have to bin it up and so I will only have counts for each each bin or something. It's because um Rainbow is a text classification system. And I think it's not possible to have just one class. That's the problem. Maybe we could Yeah sure, you sure, we could do that, but I don't that makes sense. If we need just frequencies, maybe we should just calculate them by using Perl or something. I don't know. Yeah, it's quite easy to just count and s or sort them by um frequency. Just using a Perl script. Is it too big? Yeah. Hmm. I don't know how you how many terms you can handle in Perl. Mm yeah. Uh I can get all the raw text, but it has to be ordered still. So No, it isn't. Um it's in what is implemented in Rainbow is information gain, and I'm not quite sure how they calculate that. Yeah. Uh that's what Rainbow does. I think you j can just get probabilities for a certain words for each document. Certain Um we would have to look at that. Mm-hmm. Oh. Yeah, that's what I thought as well, that you that probably the the topic segment level is the most um informative for the words. Yeah, that's the problem. I don't know. Mm-hmm. So shall we sit together tomorrow then as well? Uh Okay. Um, yeah, w would it be best? At the moment it's it's just lines of Mm-hmm. Um Okay. So um you'd do you extract the words, the raw text, as well? Uh Okay. Mm-hmm. Print out. Okay. Okay, that Okay. So have we already extracted from all the files? Yeah. Did you also order Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Uh I don't need the times, I just need the words. But um Yeah, in the right order. Yes. Yeah, that doesn't matter too much, I think. Hmm. Mm-hmm. How long would it take to make the frequency counts with a Java hash table? Yeah. No, how long you would have to program something. Okay. Mm. Because it's quite easy in Perl as well, it's just a line of code for counting all the words and yeah, it's it's by hashes. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay.