Yeah, it says Is it sliding past? Yes. Still fifty six percent completed. Skip it. 'Cause I'm just doing a b yeah, disk check or something. Yep. Is everything going smooth? Hmm. Mm. As long as it comes out in the end. That's Mm. Uh nope, don't think so. Um Mm-hmm. Uh it's batteries we're waiting for. The they're they're due uh i I was told the beginning of this week. Um th they are quite strange. Mm uh uh it's w uh r um a Avril has ordered them from somewhere possibly. N no. They're probably one fifty each or something like that. Uh well hopefully. The they should've been here last week. But uh Caroline then phoned up to chase them and they they were s they were told to be here. Should be today. Uh r b well we can still test whether Camtasia runs anyway. It's just the uh whether it's the microphones are picking up things correctly that we need to check. Not yet, no. Right. Mm right-o. Virtual. Yep. Uh right. But what we're I I Mm-hmm. It no, it's two batteries we need. Uh no no. No. Yes. Fair fair enough if you want. Mm-hmm. It's still probably even that angle. Can't remember the Wiki. D um The only thing that well the thing that's holding s me slightly up is um checking whether Joe's f finished that there i there is a working um model builder. But I'm not sure if it's the finished finished version yet. And the the ninth Yeah, he still had n hours left. I wasn't sure uh if it was down to the number of hours or whether thirty first of October f uh certainly uh uh he right. I think he's had something like seven. But uh n I've n ni Nijmegen has gone dead for all those last two weeks. Well uh it w e e Ellen's away. N no, um but I think what they had was some big review. Uh a and so I haven't heard anything back from them. So uh the models for Yes, uh-huh. Well no. Well we don't need to um make the the parts are all the standard tangram ones I had before anyway. The X_ fig thing's only when we come to building airplanes and new peculiar shapes. Uh but for this experiment it's just the tangram type uh task. Um yeah, if you got right. How r f how recently that nothing I haven't i heard anything from Joe for a a week or so anyway. So Yeah. That's that's newer than the It's the last thing was in sp response to the thing I was saying last week about the parallelogram being the wrong way around and uh w from the model builder to the actual yeah. Um that nothing has I haven't heard anything since from either sort of the Netherlands or from you. Yep. Oh, is he back? Oh is he? Oh no, right okay. Yeah, it was after it was after that that uh there was the thing about um w w why the parallelogram was the was a mirror image. Mm-hmm.. Yes. Yes, or at l least um she was meant to have have some idea of the level of complexity. 'Cause they d they d have actually run things and to uh get an idea of the sort of style and to check that they'd be alright. But all very quiet. Yeah. Uh no, it has just been email rather than uh f f the telephone type of uh request. But I'm down for a week. What's the seventh is a w a week today, I think. Next week. Um well uh I haven't booked anybody in or anything. But uh that's when I'm hoping. We have been of course put back a bit by the eye tracker going down. But uh we're we're needing we're certainly needing some data in the bag by the first of December, I think No. Um hopefully not. The only other slight complication is um which will be b I think brought up at the meeting on Thursday for all the eye tracking users. Um uh the lab has been block-booked again. Jules from um Psychology. Have di Yep. Lecturer. Well presumably not. But uh it's sort of quite solidly booked uh for f certainly w what six days from ten till five for two or three of those days. Um I wouldn't I no I can probably at least email her and ask her uh if she's really needing it all that time. I i well yeah, at the m yep. When people just uh if they can log on to it can book it. Mm-hmm. Uh i th in theory JAST is meant to have it every morning. Um but it uh there shouldn't be any changes in the physical connections or or anything. No. Uh no. that as long as p other people don't for some reason, I don't know, disconnect some bits of the equipment, there's no reason why they should. It's just the Uh yes, it's um it's on the p uh it's not on the booking system. It's on a web page that Frank created about the lab. Which I don't know if anybody actually knows is there. Mm-hmm. Yep. Should should be. I've also got to get Camtasia we well, yes the m the model builder. I've got to get Camtasia working um as a sort of little multi-media thing to generate a video of how to mi sort of a an instructional video. It's what I'll have to do this week. Hmm. U Yep, yeah. Uh I'll I'll do that. Yeah, and just yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Have a look at uh um hopef hopefully there's not a p a problem. But uh they said Marloes was uh also meant to be checking it and doing things and quiet. Um I've I uh it hasn't been divided up in that sort of way. But Um depends how quickly I manage to get a grip of it, how long it takes me to generate them or how I get on with the Camtasia. Mm-hmm. Un unsure of yet. It it shouldn't the there shouldn't be any great uh problems. Just checking that the they're of a suitable level of complexity or or of whatever. Yeah. Yeah. No quite quite right. Yeah. So yeah. Um yeah. well I was hoping for some feedback from yeah. Yeah, exactly.. Yes. Yep, mm book a time and I think so. Right. Well, I'll try and get ahold of her again today and see what I think it it was up till the end of October. So presumably today they're now free again. Or taking a week off to recover. Yes. Um well hopefully it it won't anyway. It's just if I then do it I hopefully will get the right models. That's that's the pro so uh uh it will be generated. It's whether the models are optimal or not that I think that's right. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well so it was the whole all the dynamic region part of it that's uh Mm-hmm. Uh n um no. Uh well it depends how how many I can book in and get get running. Yeah. And before my brain melts it But w when when the experiment's running, yeah, it's I'll be in the lab. Uh I can't just go in, let them get start and then come back. It's uh so some people can, but Uh th they'll certainly be time because I'm right next to the lab anyway, I'll come back just to check my email and things anyway, so uh yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh I wouldn't bother more than one or two certainly. Mm-hmm. W Mm-hmm. I don't think you'll be twiddling your thumbs, no. Um well at twelve o'clock next Monday the lab is technically booked by Jules. It Uh it starts the uh on we this Wednesday and goes through to next Wednesday. Mm-hmm. Um what else? Uh Yeah. My then other complication is two weeks tomorrow I start my teaching Mm-hmm. For I've got two weeks of that, fo four lectures and four labs. Yes. Uh what's tomorrow, is the f tomorrow the f first? So it will be the fifteenth for two weeks. Oh you've got your uh induction, that's right. Uh yes. From a total waste of time to, you know. Mm-hmm. It's probably the university'll cover itself legally, I think, by doing this. Uh mm-hmm. Uh no I suppose rather than being Nobody's bothered so far, is it. Uh well I don't remember being asked for an induction. So In April. I got invited to a um a a a summer garden party for new staff members. But that was but that's all. Hmm. Uh-uh. I have one N_X_T_ question which hopefully won't be well, it's not one. Just hopefully as part of the output it will be something like that. Is that correct? So you've got the gaze position of the first person, gaze position of the second, mouse position of the first, mouse position of the second and, I don't know, a common mouse action there or something. Does that t just in in sort of layers like that. Yeah. Yep. Yes, uh-huh. M that's that's just the the eye movement uh other sort of stuff, yeah. It ho hopefu uh hopefully that's yeah, I guess it's that's why I dre As well. Yeah, mm-hmm. Yeah. So I was just yeah, I was just checking that uh I know the language part because they say L_P_ here but uh this would be the the the new part. New stuff. Uh yeah, whatever that is. Um yes, I'm not sure whether we need to know exactly where they are, just how many there are in each tra um uh p I don't know. I suppose it could go in. Uh I mean I suppose it we're as well to have it if we can. Right. Well uh just say stick 'em in anyway. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um blink would uh uh at the moment just get lumped in with the sort of previous gaze. Mm-hmm. The way they're looking, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. M uh yes, mm-hmm. Moving somewhere else, or is more likely to be uh blinking at the same time as the other person was doing something, I think to mm-hmm. Yeah. Yes. Norman normally uh would be just, as I say, like add the blink time and duration to the previous fixation. 'Cause you're not absorbing any new information and that's what the critical sort of deciding factor is. Yes, so that they'll include the So i i yeah, would ha it would be as a separate tier where just to mark the actual position. Mm-hmm. What's included and what's n yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. No, not certainly l not looking at codes, no. Mm-hmm. Know what to look for and what not to, yeah. Uh i there are well they're already identified as blinks. Then it's uh i it is at th hmm at what stage. The software that I've used uh p pools uh the blinks, so will add it on. I'm not sure what the default Yes. Yeah, so I'm not su i certainly it's listed as a separate event in the stream. Blinks are a tag uh from the E_D_F_ and and that sort of thing. It's registered as a a detection. But Mm. Mm-hmm. Uh i y yeah. Uh I mean it it it won't because of the fixation it will be down to what we define as uh a gaze. So basically the time from when somebody starts looking at an object until they leave it. And so if they blinked a lot within that they're still looking at that object. So it's just the time in to the time out. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Some other way. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yep, there's a blink sort of event. Mm-hmm. Yep. It should just be a matter of treating a b adding on the blink to the last fixation or something anyway. Uh well uh the the real reason is um as long as they've been blinking, even if they then open their eyes somewhere else, that's when they start absorbing the new information. It's basically like a just a long saccade. Mm it you kind of have visual suppression when you move and it's the same when you're blinking. You're not taking anything in. So Uh it it's yeah, that yes, um that's for the sort of gaze time measure. Uh it's not actually the fixations are still um independent. So the they w fixation duration isn't doesn't include the blink in the ASCII a output. It's only when we start looking at sort of the total gaze that um the total amount of time spent looking at one particular object, which includes all these sort of multiple fixations and any blinks and that sort of thing. Is it it's a a sort of composite uh viewing time. Uh yeah, I'm afraid uh mm-hmm. Yep, yep. Although we'll also still need a count of the fixations just so we can have you you've got measure fixation duration again just to s see if those they spend longer just f amount of more stable move uh eye fixation or not. Uh Mm-hmm. Yep. To ye yeah, mm-hmm. Viewing times. Mm-hmm. Right, yeah. Mm-hmm. Well that's partly why I brought this up now is it I'm not sure what point down the data path things sort of happen. But that's what I want out in the end. Um well the N_X_T_ stuff will have the more complete picture 'cause it will include combine all the linguistic stuff with all the movements and the actions. Um but there'll be I suppose just some purely eye movement stuff we could do. I s presumably with G_D_F_. Uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. C An And uh yeah, that's also why I sent you the mm Saarbruecken software f that uh the stuff that takes the ASCII sort of format originally and then just uh sort of compresses it and things. Yeah, the German stuff. Uh because that little utility um does things like t well but you can tell it to what to do with blinks, whether just to lump them in or or not. Uh what the minimum fixation duration for a stable fixation would be, sort of you have if it picks up t fixations less than say fifty milliseconds, you can tell it just to again lump them all together, that's not a sort of reliable enough fixation. Uh you can put in these sort of of things. So that's uh that's a bit of software that's sent and that includes the source code and things as well. Mm-hmm. Uh no, there's very little documentation as you might imagine for these sort of things. Yeah, so I g I uh yeah. That's that's why. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Fine. Good. Mm-hmm. 'Cause uh al also just filters it. There are a lot of um strange event tags that the eye link produces that are fairly meaningless, I think. And it can stri it strips out a lot of the junk uh as well. So it cleans it up. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Right. Uh b fine. Well um possibly. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The pr Uh yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah, I see what you mean, uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Six or Mm-hmm. It's it's not quite s it so it's not gonna be quite grabbable 'cause it is it's written in Java. Yeah, well yes, uh-huh, the actual uh Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's always better than making too much compression to start with and then being out of unable to go back or yeah. Lossiness. Or or you leave very quickly. Uh-huh. Yep. Well I'm I am. Oh dear. Uh my page is blank still. I guess not.