Sixteen times zero. Does it? I have to check that out. Hmm. It depends which data you use as well because um if you use the data where they're all really high, it does prefer ones from the beginning because it just picks the first ones it finds. But I'll check it out anyway. Yeah. I've got time now. Like um for the next couple of days I'll do some on it, 'cause I was just too busy last week. What's that that's creeping over the other screen? That's really weird 'cause it's just started creeping over. Um well as long as the two correspond then it's fine. Oh right, I see. Okay. So would it be would it be easier if there's a reference file with the actual real I_D_ and the corresponding number? So is there some already? So would that solve the problem basically? Because the whole programme works on them being numbered at the moment. Um it'd be a lot of word for really no extra p feature gain at all. Or do you think it could appear in the summary? Well if it's something in the audio that's just like a noise, then we don't want it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't I don't know. You 'cause the thing is it depends if we want to have it display the whole thing at once. If you left them in hopefully it wouldn't affect the way the programme works. Well I don't in the programme, it's just they're not in the raw text files. Well either way. Either way is fine by me as long as the two wo things um tie up. As far as I'm concerned it doesn't really matter whether those are in or out. No, minus one or something. Yeah, certainly possible. Actually yeah, 'cause the T_F_I_D_F_ wouldn't make any sense with So maybe we should just omit them then. Okay, so maybe we should leave them out then. Oh, it's the bar is working now. Oh, so the summary is probably okay 'cause it does the job. Yeah. Oh, I can't remember which one it is at the moment. Yep, that that those names are mislead well the T_F_I_D_F_ is fine, but word importance is completely misleading, it's not word importance at all. Is it very complex or is it r oh, just multiplying together. To a power. Yeah. I've seen that before. Yeah. Yeah, I've seen that before actually. Yeah. Ah, it's still working like it should do. Yeah. So it did work. Yeah, that that is ancient data though. So Having said that, it's picking out some interesting stuff. Like we're looking at atlas, you'd expect to score quite high. Yeah, maybe, but atlas, you'd have thought it'd be quite high. I'm just quite surprised it all actually worked, because I've been working it we've been working on like incomplete versions that haven't worked for a long time, and like to see it all come together. Yeah, I'll do the first thing I'll do is make a load box for selecting a file and a script that sets the class path so it can be run with just a script. So p class path is like this long. But we'll have parameter for that. Yeah. And twenty. Yeah, we need to add some sanity checking in some of the stuff. Yeah. But we don't we don't need it evaluated for the presentation, do we. Is it? Oh, 'cause it was moved back, wasn't it. Yeah. I can rope people in to to doing it, a few people at least. As long as we design it as long as we design it before-hand, uh I think we can probably manage to actually do it in the three days after. You're talking about the user evaluation. We should probably write some user documentation 'cause I bet that will get us marks. Yeah, they'd love that kind of stuff. Just we'll just write, you know, little help files or something. Yeah. Have you Java doc ed it? And also where is it? Okay, 'cause the code version in the group directory is not the right one. Yeah. Okay. In directory, yeah. Okay. Well we should wait till we have it ready for um you guys to use. Then we'll put it back in the group directory. So I'll try and do that today. 'Cause I've got time today. And as long as I don't run into problems I don't see it taking too long. Well in that case it it's probably just I mean that's probably fine. I mean Yeah. I'm not sure how much should be done in the programme because uh I don't know. I think it should probably be done off-line, the basic uh combining of all the factors. Yeah yeah, sure. Hopefully we can take over that right one 'cause we don't need it. That'd be quite nice. I bet you can just uh just add it to the um panel. Like what I bet that's a pre-made Swing component, that little slider, and all you do is add it to a panel. Yeah. Can you send me a link to that paper so that I'll implement that in summarizer. Oh, no I've not looked at it. Yeah, like last week I just not done anything. But can't see it taking long again. But to be honest, I did like nothing really on it last week. So And I've got time today, tomorrow and probably Friday. So Mm-hmm. It's just annoying because I need to do that on a DICE machine. So I can't get them to compile under Windows. Yeah. And um most the DICE machines don't have working sound cards. So No idea. Yeah. I'm not sure how it if it if it can do sound or not. I've no idea. But like what I can do is um I I'm pretty confident that it'll just be writing a script and it will just go. And as long as I can test the script like once and it's working fine, I can just make it return dummy stuff so it works on other machines. Yes. So Oh actually, I know what I can do. I can then I can change the script. So if I'm using my one at home, I can just add S_S_H_ stuff in to ev evoke the sound tools on the uh on DICE and then copy 'em back. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. I'm sure I can figure out some way to do it anyway. If it comes to it, I'll just um install NetBeans and stuff on my Linux machine and work on that. Well that to be honest there won't be a primitive in between stage. just it'll just work hopefully. In theory at least anyway. I wonder if we should um do something like dropping the bottom third, then re-mapping the lowest remaining one to zero and scaling it like that 'cause you get a much nicer distribution like that. Um I've not used it to do that before, but Yeah. There is a way of calculating it um yeah, well calculating it cumulatively, but I can't remember it. Yeah. Yeah, that's probably quite a good idea. Yeah. Yeah, that's probably quite sensible. Yeah, I can't remember it off-hand, but I know there is one. But it could be it could be fine, I mean running over the data twice probably is okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, never closes the process when he does it now. They used to not um close the process when you click the cross. Yeah, it refuses to r load the clock for some reason. I don't know why. Yeah, you still you st yeah, you still get the written one and the display. The only thing you don't get is the clock. I don't think we should bother 'cause we'll run it on a sound card version. Th yes they can. All that happens is it refuses to load load the clock. You still get the display in the summary. So the, yeah, the move uh but you can still click on the segments and that'll still work, won't it? Okay. Yeah. Um, oh there must be a way of detecting whether the clock's loaded. Like in fact there there is. You can try and set something on the clock and use try and catch, and then if you catch the exceptions set the flag. We could put those on display. Instead of a list, what about putting it in the display? Can you click on a point in time in display and jump to there yet? Okay. 'Cause that'd be pretty good. No, I don't get that on my machine. No, I don't. No. Okay. As long as you can skip more accurately than the time steps, that's fine. 'Cause otherwise you might risk cutting bits off. Like if you want to jump to a point, you need to be able to jump more accurately than half second. By half second you'll miss words. Yeah, I think so. Oh yeah, I can yeah, I can do that. Of what we display, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Obviously we'll hide that in the presentation. But we don't want I don't think we want to have exposed to the user doing things like adding the threshold of which agreements we display. Decision. Yeah, they uh that does look quite promising, doesn't it. So you can have happy faces and angry faces. Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. So can you um So will that produce basically an agreement and a disagreement score for every dialogue act? So could you put them in the same format as the other data? And I'll make us t to read it in. Oh right, okay. So I could probably I could probably read it from uh that file already. My preferred would be dialogue act number, then you can put both the scores in one file. You can put both the scores in one file if it makes it easier. Yeah. Agreement and one disagreement. So I'll read that into um I'll make it part of the get measure thing. So you can just get it with a flag using get measure. So you know how zero is T_F_I_D_F_. One is um the well I've called it word importance, but that's a really m misleading name. Yeah, probably. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Uh the problem is yeah is occurring not only as an agreement, but really frequently as like uh an encouragement as well, isn't it. Yeah. How what's the highest um ranked one that that kind of problem occurs with? 'Cause if it's below about 'cause I saw there's ones up in the eighties, wasn't there. If it's below like fifty, it's probably or exactly no they're all but one. 'Cause we on the display we probably take quite high. So it'd only matter if it occurs on ones that are really highly ranked. Yeah. Well otherwise you'd get icons all over the place. So anyway Yeah. So we want probably want to take a threshold at least of fifty or sixty, just as a looking at that. To we probably won't want to display ninety. We'd want to rate them as how important they were, wouldn't we. Yeah. Yeah, and see how it turns out. An agreement at the end. So yeah, we'd probably want to merge ones that were very close into one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and we should probably make some logic when it displays it that says if there's ones very close together, it just centres it among the Yeah, it's looking quite good though. I think it's always really funny that when you look at people's computers who don't use the computer much, their desktop's really tidy, and when you work with people who use it all the time there's stuff everywhere. So mine's like that as well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we should um download a dictionary and check our utterances before we uh listen to make sure that they're actually real words. Do you see what I mean? Yeah, I mean see how it turns out. If they look good, then that's a good way of doing it as any, I suppose. Actually, what I think you should do is take the highest three or four and then just merge them together into one utterance. It wouldn't make any sense, but it'd give you an idea of what they're actually talking about, if you see what I mean. Yeah. Yeah, I don't think we're gonna have time for that. Which is a shame 'cause it would've been cool. Um at the moment it doesn't really care how many meetings it's displaying. Just draw a big black line on the borders, I think. Well y you you can if you want to. It's 'Cause it ju it can display from any utterance to any other utterance. It doesn't really Do they? Ah. Yeah, I'd prefer them drawn continuously. Okay. Because that way, all we have to do to display ea more than one meeting is have a harder boundary drawn. One thing we will have to do is we want we'd really want a different behaviour if we clicked on a whole meeting than a segment. So if there's more than one meeting displayed, it should um if you click even on one the segments of that meeting, I think it should re-initialize and display that just that meeting. So I'm not su I'm not sure how easy that would be to do. It just needs to know whether it's displaying more than one whole meeting, doesn't it. That's the only knowledge it would need. But anyway, we can sort that out if we have time once we've got everything else. Yeah. That'll get s s sufficient to claim that we had implemented some kind of zoom as well. Yeah. Yeah, it's not done the very clever way, but it does work. Mm-hmm. Basically do a code for ease on it. Um I'll probably tonight just work on getting a frozen version that works consistently. And um if you could document it for me, that's probably enough for me to add it in. Unless you want to do it. But my code, I've not documented the programme manager class. So though it's a bit hairy at the moment, isn't it. Uh-huh. Okay, so probably what you'd want to do is um detect where the mouse is and change the default tool tip for that component. Because it automatically displays at the correct position when you hover. Yeah, you might nor really want to be creating a new one every time you move the mouse. I'll have a look through some of my Java books 'cause it might be the sort of thing they have in there. Mm. Is there all is that g version all in the Okay. Cool. So I'll start working on that in like half an hour or something and it will be the Okay. We really need to get in contact with the other group and see if they want to do a joint evaluation. So you need to get their email addresses. Are they? That'd be handy. Yeah, we can get them. So you do is sending them an email. 'Cause I was hoping that Steve would mention it Ian 'cause we've mentioned it to him so many times. But he obviously hasn't. Yeah. S there's the frame problem. No, I think it's coming together not bad at the moment actually. Don't know. Yeah. I can't see it going on for an hour to be honest. Yeah, I thought it was a demo basically. Half an hour. And like ten minutes of that would be probably set up time as well. Ten minutes of that will probably be set up time as well. I we maybe you should present it on your laptop 'cause we can be really sure it's running before we come. I could probably get my computer in if I could get someone to give me a lift. I know a couple of people with cars. Yeah, 'cause I wouldn't need to bring a monitor or anything, I'll just need to bring the box. I'm pretty sure I could nick a lift off someone. Or J_ Builder. In fact you won't even you shouldn't even need either as long as you got Java installed. Yeah. Oh crap, I forgot about that. Cygwin maybe? In Cygwin. No, but Cygwin should run um the Java as well. A sound server. Hopefully, yeah. Yep, I'll do that today. And I'll yeah, I'll make a script to run it and put that in the group directory. And I'll send around the email when it's done. It'll be the bit where it creates the clock. Or is there stuff in the display as well? Okay. Well, it really we shouldn't even need a flag. You should be able to do it with exceptions. I mean that's this is kinda not exact case that exceptions are made for really. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh no, it's gonna have to do something a bit more complicated than that. What it will have to do is de-register everything as time handlers and then update and then re-register them. Okay. Have you got a component for displaying lists of matches? 'Cause that'd be pretty useful. Cool. Okay, yeah, I mean it's not it's not too hard to do. All you have to do is de-register everything that's a time handler first before you add the stuff in. But um depends what behaviour we want. Do we want when you click on a search result, we definitely want that one to appear in the summary. Yeah. Yeah, it sets if you look at set select, that's essentially what you wanna do, yeah. Does it not? Yeah, but it w it doesn't matter because um if it's jumped to in the end text area, then your display would the the line'll jump, won't it. Yeah. Uh and also the real time and play time stuff would change. So we, yeah, we need to re-initialize the display then, don't we. Okay. But yeah, we need to do something to ensure that the search result is in the summary that's created. So may we probably want a different summary constructor that takes an an additional argument of an I_D_. And it will that w utterance will always be in the summary. Yeah, I suppose. But the trouble is that still doesn't guarantee that it'll appear because if you get enough of them that are high scored, it prefers the first ones it sees. Yeah, I suppose. Hmm, maybe. But you could d you can um achieve the same effect. Yeah. Probably the way to handle that would be to make a summary that's the same length as the selection, and that would ensure that the search term came up. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But we'll have that slider obviously. Yeah, 'cause that's very useful thing. Yeah. Okay. And I'll start work in say two. Will it be done by then?