Uh yeah. So we've moved over and onto the other eye link. So uh 'cause she's running at the moment. She did admit it. Yes. Uh-huh. Hmm. No. But ma Yes. Shock and worry at uh I think yeah, there's a there's a mailing list uh and mm-hmm, yeah. Uh F Frank went through it, deleted the people that were have gone or or whatever and replaced them. So the the eye the the list is now updated. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes uh Mm-hmm. Hmm. Yeah. We're doing a bit. See last week by the time everything and and then it'll be hopefully no more than, I don't know what, twenty minutes today to Hmm. Yep. I i yeah. You mean from was that Joe? Or is that Um there was nothing nothing over last week. Joe has uh produced another version of the uh model builder and put that up. Uh well that wa that was Ruud well a few weeks ago. But yeah. Yep, it's unrelated. And was r was running. 'Cause Frank did all that because he then had an experiment. So he's run an experiment and it's all worked. Uh he's he's done his and got his and yes. And he backs up anyway. Maybe too well placed, yeah. Yep. Wh a spare head? Or Uh yes, but she's not around. So uh Nynke. Mm-hmm.. Mm. Well I did meet uh uh uh uh someone from another project of yours on Wednesday evening it was. Hei Heidi, who is the gesture of autism. Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm yep. And autism, yeah. Yes. Sh she's been volunteered. Yep, make sure it uh it starts and finishes when it's meant to and that sort of thing as well. Mm-hmm. Uh yep. Uh yes, with the um the bleep was a hardware bleep originally. And so it comes from the P_C_, which is outside the sound-proof box. Yes. H-Mm-hmm. It comes through the Yeah, yep. Mm-hmm. No. Uh um what else? you have altered the um task programme because uh to put the um little eye icon and the mouse uh to make it Rather than just a blob uh Ellen wanted something to look more like an eye so that you knew that was the eye. There was like yeah, mm-hmm. Want it a reasonable size so that if they're looking at it we know they're looking at it though. So you has to be a a reasonable target uh for the for the tracking purposes. Mm-hmm. With large mm yeah, I suppose the larger more oscillation appears that um it's not w I mean uh it isn't it isn't it isn't that big. So Yeah. Uh yes, he's produced an another version that doesn't uh have the overlap problem. You know, there was the yeah, the collisions. The polygons now don't overlap. Um Marloes discovered something strange about the orientation of parallelograms from when it was constructed to when it appears in the um actual task. But I think that might be something to do with the original configuration than the parts that weren't the same across the two. So I'll check that out uh to see if it really is a problem or not. And basically the parallelogram was appearing in a sort of as a mirror image of what it was like in the uh model builder in the actual yeah. Just total it flipped uh in in a mirror image. Not rotated. So it wasn't anything to do with rotation. It was f yeah, just the parallelogram. So uh entirely sure. Must be some way of how the vertices were described or uh defined in one way or compared to something else. Joe, yep. Well uh mm-hmm. Yes. Uh the other thing we've done is uh looked at n not uh for this current experiment but for future, when we've got to build um bizarre parts like air-craft wings and and things, uh something like X_ fig uh can output the vertex points um for creating the air the actual polygons in the first place. 'Cause the model builder um assumes that there's an existing set of of original parts. So you need to draw them in the first place. So It it i yes. W or something i i uh uh Yeah. So it must be a some sort of pink package. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's not it's not an immediate problem anyway. But I thought it was worth before Joe disappears just checking that the model builder's not restricted to just doing the tamgrams. Or something tha you know. So uh no it does look like it's uh M_S_N_. Um no, but as long as they're solid polygons it should be alright. Uh no, it sh well uh uh hopefully that's not what the parallelogram problem is. Because it it does have sort of sum of angles and things. But uh no, as far as uh I mean it Mm-hmm. Yeah. Or part of it was convex. Yeah. I y yeah, but that's why uh we no, we'll only be working as I say with sort of solid obvious polygons and as parts. 'Cause they'll have they'll have to have a central point anyway for for rotation and and grabbing. But Mm-hmm. Well uh uh realise what we're I would consider that two parts, yep. Yeah. Yep. The last point to the yeah. Yep. Yes, yeah. J_P_ is quite yeah, uh-huh. Yes. The Microsoft version of S_V_G_ or something. Yes uh-huh. I have no idea either. Uh Nope. Uh I think they've um they're not waiting anything from us. Uh they've dumped the pilot, the pilot studies that they generated based on the task with their English participants, or English speaking participants. Yeah. Uh but they haven't done anything with it other than dump the data. Uh they well, they dumped it on the mm B_S_C_ C_W_ server. But I've moved well, I haven't moved it, I've copied it onto the C_S_V_, yeah. Yep. Nothing further is No. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh And I've uh sent a thing off to Marloes talk trying to encourage her again to register for the C_S_V_ and uh and what to the C_V_S_ and uh wha what to do and uh which bit of software I use that seems to be quite easy and simple. Yep. Nope. Well yes and no, as in yes, it's new, and no, I haven't got a problem. Yep. Oh so far. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh y yes. Uh and I am just using it through um a Windows bolt-on sort of piece of software. Yeah. No I've just yeah, straight-forward and then you just right right yeah, r and right click things in in Windows Explorer. That's it. Mm-hmm. On a day like this I know it's a yeah. Mm no. Not at the moment. The only thing that's been going around is the version of the flier. I don't know what real purpose of uh these little folded up A_ four fliers. Uh there's been bit of uh are they just for distribution at conferences and things? Or do they uh Right. Well I I'm not really bothering. But it there's that's what's circulating around the the group as a whole at the moment. Um I've sorted out uh travel et cetera to Munich for e for Ellen, John and myself. And we're all off on the fourteenth of December. Coming back on the Friday. the sixteenth, yes. That's a so that's How to hire or how to interview, is that that uh book. The Spend. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.. Well mm-hmm. Uh what el uh well I'll have to get to grips with cra Camtasia uh properly uh to generate a little sort of introductory video I suppose uh for instructional purposes at the beginning of the experiment. So people will be able to see uh and so that the p you know, example movements uh and things like that will be In Dutch as well. Um well Oh right. Oh. Huh. Right. Uh no, that must have been before me. So uh uh uh p it I Separated. Yes, mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Exa yeah, so the I mean th I don't think I think it'd be more sensible just to do the non the the video part of it first and then you add the voice-over afterwards. Rather than trying to do all at once. You know. Might use. Or are you going to prime them in any way? Doing uh anything with the voice, you know. If you start talking about have to avoid or uh yeah, talking about the parts or just naming them or anything like that. Mm-hmm. Bef yes. Okay. Or did no n no noise in fact I think is probably uh Yes. Uh pro probably actually not even the sound effects 'cause otherwise they'll expect that in the real experiment and that doesn't happen. So if they make move a piece and it breaks and they don't hear this crash and they go oh, what's, you know what's happened. Is that really all what happened. Yeah, it's uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, I think it can generate uh things. Uh-huh. Yes. Mm mm-hmm, yeah. Yes, but uh or in our discussion we haven't mentioned uh it was assumed there'd be a voice over. But I'll I'll I better I'll I'll remind her yeah, I'll I'll I'll do that. Mm-hmm. Yes, 'cause we've got to think of the instructions and sort of basic introduction to it all as well. So Actually I I did email Nijmegen to ask if they'd had a set of instructions they'd given their participants, but it probably I s I suspect so because I haven't had a reply back. Yeah, too too uh it was just in case they had something that what Mm-hmm. No, that should be a problem. I'll be straight-forward enough, I think. Alright, you want take it back. Um oh uh t uh no um th it's not got it's uh yeah, it's i well b actually, I could probably just photo-copy the manual. And there's only a Um yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. Uh oh I've hopefully well, I won't hopefully need it for more than another week or two anyway. So as long as you can hold off his No, no. Right. Um I I was looking at the the complexity sort of uh aspect of the tamgrams in that uh booklet. It's not quite that they just get harder. It's that they kind of have pages of similar um types. Yeah. So one page will have sort of parts that are kind of similar to each other and then you move over and there's a different almost type of design or style. Uh so it's not quite as progressive in complexity as uh No. Google. Mm-hmm. Uh I'll try I'll try. You never know what's what's out there. Well uh um I'm hoping the Dutch input will allow us to p sort of have a rough idea of what was the of a suitable complexity for the task. Uh no, not even that. They've of this relevant type to what we're wanting to use, probably three. Uh we've to generate sixteen in total. Mm-hmm. Yeah, ideally. Mm no. Well I don't. I'm not Uh I'll tr I'll try the good old Google and see if there is uh if there are some sort of ranking sites or whatever. Uh I'll try and find out. I don't know off off hand certainly. Uh I'll I'll do a search. B um I've not encountered them. Mm well or maybe they just don't use mm anything like that I suppose for But I'm not sure if anything's happened since then. Mm-hmm. As little as it is, but yeah. Yeah. Yes. Have to To try and, yes, and home home in parameters and choose the right sort of settings. So yep. I'm sure she'll have views on it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um oh, I found haven't fount it physically yet, but uh a reference to uh a ninety two paper. It's in the royal proceedings of something or other somewhere based on a um an experiment that had blocks a model, blocks of parts and then an area where people had to build, you know, replicate the model out with the parts. Uh just one person at a time of course. But uh it did involve um eye movements and monitoring where they're looking compared to their hand movements and uh that subject. Ballard. Back in ninety two. Yes, I think so. Uh the I'll mm not sure. Yep. Yeah. So there should still be well Not that on. Is it. Y uh-huh. Uh that's what I've m I'll have to try and find out. Uh Hmm. If not um the National Library is bound to have it. She's not here next week anyway. It's next Wednesday or Thursday before she's back. Oh, is that what yeah, she's got a mm Yahoo account or something that things are getting forwarded to and Ah. Or or oh well. That's only if things haven't been getting through. Ah. Um anything else? Well certainly. The the there's the provisional list of what we need on the Wiki anyway that I put it up. So Mm-hmm. Um well I I added things to it. Well, better uh Well I don't know when he last looked at it. But uh Or when I added it. It was sometime in the last two weeks anyway. But uh Mm-hmm. That's what they're getting. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it It's the it's the dynamic regions that uh I think might cause a bit of trouble. But uh That filter Mm yeah, filter out. Unless y Yep, I think so. To do. Hmm. Watch out Well I think according to the latest documentation uh you're down for five percent of your fifteen months on this project or something. Some b uh JAST report. Officially. Into reality, uh-huh. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But