Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No, I'm just like sort of like preparing people for um it looks like it looks like really nothing. It looks like basically less than n th their stuff, but actually Dave has written a whole underlying different structure now and if we hooked it up with my display, then we should fairly easily from now get to a stage where we can like select individual segments and click on them, then play that part in a compressed way and display density information. Now at the moment the application is Yes, sure but so at the moment we have a dialogue act window and a graphical display w I'm not sure. No, the interesting thing is the sound came when I tried it last time after I I triggered off something by clicking on something. Yeah, there suddenly they come. Probably they're just slow at loading. And they don't have the buttons yet. So at the moment the display is still dis-coupled from it. It's loading your data I'm not quite sure, is this it probably looks like Vera's data from from the looks of it. Yeah, the segments are made up at the moment, but the code's there for integrating real segments. And this is summarised based on just Vera's data at the moment, from some part of the meeting. So we're we're not loading the whole thing at the moment yet properly. But the important thing is this is summarised based on I I realise I'm always pointing at my screen and you don't see. So this stuff is summarised based on on these intensity measures. And we don't have the exact audio record for this. Usually say we should have just copied it. So just to show, Dave has put a uh music file in there, and the music file is playing without gaps. That's because the way how we handle it at the moment is that Dave prepares an audio file, creates an audio file dynamically from just the chunks that we wanna have, and that runs in synch with what we have in the I'm not even sure why I'm making loud. It's just So we see that running along with playing of the music we see the the highlight of the dialogue acts. Okay, s So and and that already this part here already is dynamically created. Um shall I just load it with Jasmine's data, just to see a different Where's the Quite old. Yeah, we were b like doing this, we were just concerned with the whole stuff. And Dave, where what am I looking for? Am I looking for in data manager? Where am I looking? Or is it f is it where the is it where the file names are? Is it here? Is it uh sh is it here where um words importance file? In my display. Uh let me t I d Just Okay, so wh where did you say, in prog W you know where that is, just about? Above that. Like in In this main in this routine? There is something read importance with a zero and there is read word importance with a one. Shall I swap those around? Hmm? Well wha wha what what's the differe so th this is reall Yeah. Shall I just swap the file numbers around from now? Or would that crash anything? Oh yeah, and and we really leave a. Maybe have to find out where. Mm. Mm. So you have time this afternoon? Yeah. So here. So this shows if we see anything at all, then we see at the moment at least that we are definitely be um having a different summary, just because we're having a different im um important measure. So you see that um i it does something. Like at the moment I think this was yeah yeah, that's an old old old version. So it shows um and so if you if you think about how the old version happened, then you see it makes sense that words like prosody, just like a sing if that was the only utterance, then that probably scored quite well and stuff. Um we have to get these buttons, Dave. Yeah. Unfortunately, I didn't get the the bar on the display working just yet. But that should be a small issue. Yeah, I know this is very old. We just never bothered to update the stuff, because we were working on so we see that we have a very different density curve as well for this one. And Yeah, so from here we go, and it hopefully won't be too difficult to now first of all put the right segments in, put a sliding bar into this so that people see where they are. So I'm uh I'm I'm constantly touching stuff on my screen I realise. And and then make selections based on a segment. Now what we're not quite sure is what's the best way for like how the summariser works. Should it always compress a segment to a constant length though, by a constant factor of time? Or What would you think sort of if, you know, if if there's a certain degree of of summarisation, what should be the constant? So always like a. So it should always, whatever, reduce it to half the original 'Cause an al like an alternative view would be that Yeah. Yeah, well I guess that could be uh adaptable. 'Cause an an alternative view would be that you could sort of make it that it always is the same length. So if you like if the whole meeting is selected, it compresses the whole meeting to five minutes. Then if one um segment, uh w one topic is selected, then it plays this whole topic in five minutes. But that's sort of that gives people a bit less control over so maybe we should do it instead that it yeah, it c it you can spec Yeah. What's that you discussed for today though? What's there to talk about for today? Shall we abandon the whole notion of seeing the whole m one whole group as one single thing and just work on a p certainly from now on probably for good that means. I mean No. Do we have everything for the same meeting at the moment? Like is it are you y are you all working on the same meeting? Okay. Did anyone ever check if that's actually a good meeting like or f comparably to others? 'Kay. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. No. Yeah, especially because I mean that's that's that's only done like once every time the selection changes, right? So even if you sort of even if you do an hourglass at that moment and, you know, even if it pauses for ten seconds, well that's tough luck then. Uh, think we should just make sure that if it takes quite some time that that the clock doesn't start before or that the audio and the clock are in synch sort of. So th Yeah. Yeah, there's a wait for command for an external ca like for an external call to make sure that the external thing is finished because in general like that's sort of running parallel, I think. Yeah. I have some code for system calls like that handles the in and the output if you need some of that. Okay. Okay, cool. Um I don't really know what to talk about. We have See there's there's one week after my dissertation. So we're f uh before the presentation of the prototype. Which I can work a lot lot lot on this. So that's good. Um Yeah, well the graphic display will definitely have more information. Um if we're at the moment abandoning abandoning the concept of displaying the whole series of meetings just because it's for us like more bureaucracy, more complexity, and it probably just won't give us any brownie points in the presentation. Or do you think it will, I mean do you thi like I c We're As one meeting, yeah. Yeah, and then maybe have some basic information. Like if Yeah. So just a little bit of ad additional information in the display that knows where meetings, picking it over, and otherwise internally we treat it like so we have continuous I_D_s for the segments. Yeah, that works. Yes, but apart from that we don't really do anything different as if it was just one meeting. Yeah, I completely agree. So the only thing it would be that the display gets information about where they are and displays them as hard boundaries. Um Yeah, so the initially I thought it was sort of more a search functionality um that simply there's one button that says find similar segments, and then in the same display where we display the search results from the search. Wha Well I'm not so you think displaying uh like an information about similarity to the select uh like to a selected meeting in to a selected segment in the other segments? No no, I think that's I really don't wanna do that to be honest. Um it would be nice but like just Yeah, but i it it should appear as a continuous thing f for the yeah. But I'm not I'm not sure if it's worth much bother though. Like if we do a s like a similarity search, and just like you say find me similar segments and then sort of like you have a list and you click on one of them and then you go to that segment, I think that's quite useful um even without displaying them sort of dis-continuously. Well I was thinking of just like really just a m more or less just imagine those are search results each like each of them sort of them sort of giving whatever. We should aim to get some names for segments, like just some extraction of something that we can call. And if it's just the single highest um importance measure o phrase of a segment, so that we have something to display for them. Like basically just a summarisation down to one segment. And it would just be a list like this and you click on one and then w you tho you know, then the whole bureaucracy kicks in like this gets the nota notification, this gets the notification. And then we could like we could sort of use the same thing for um yours and mine. Because yours would sort of give just the segment I_D_s and mine would give the start segment I_D_s. So basically this display would have information about a segment where something starts. Maybe se well maybe also something where something ends, like for mine, and some string that we pass to describe what like what it is. You wait, your search, what would it return? Would it return just the specific like it would go right to the utterance, right? Yeah sure, sure sure. Um yeah. So in in your case like it would basically would probably say the utterance here or at least some part of the u yeah. And in my case it would say some name for the segment, and then you would just click on it and then like the whole thing would kick in. Like you c you click on it and and the selection moves and the display goes to that part. Yeah. Do we have them with a speaker at the moment? Okay, cool. Just random sp So what about So what about a general layout like this that we have here, the dialogue acts and there the player b And here we'd have a search button and the similarity thing button. I mean we can Ah, good question. Um Yeah. Yeah. I think we probably like we can leave those like I_ frames and just arrange them sort of. Yeah. Alternatively we'll have like the whole thing running already when we do the presentation and we just arrange it manually. My c Uh, apparently Microsoft sometimes or like at least in the past the demonstrations where they just exactly knew which five percent of the system were working. And that's what we're gonna do as well. Has anyone ever seen anything from the other group? They have all Ah. They have all sorts of sc scarily good If anything we build in a time bomb that only fails if the date is the date of the presentation. Yes, because we are nice people. Dave, this rate thing, do we have any direct control to that? Or is that just directly controlling how fast it plays and sort of we can only That's a pity because it looks like it's doing something. 'Kay. Um do you think if we override their component and just override whatever, the the action to that slide-bar is? So if so something like their skipping, would it actually corporate with our system at the moment? Would ours skip automatically forward? Yeah, I realise. Uh. Yeah, whatever. I think this simple this simple st view that we get that you can just like pass things into and then check when they got clicked really. Well couldn't the summar oh no, then we would have to override though. Hmm. But i in a sense I mean if we see uh yeah, but like probably that would be the same thing that we also display up here. Because I really think that having like some but that would probably even be shorter than five lines. Like really just getting I think getting one or two best utterances for each segment would be really worthwhile. For the search results I probably think that instead of a p a simple summary, something that displays the utterance where the where the word was like displays in a highlighted form where it was found. To to apply what? Well alternatively we could always have sort of a third small component, whatever, like if this was the search results, and then they are just like something else that's part unwritten when Miles goes over this one it triggers that one to display it or something. And a tool tip is I think a very straightf yeah, it especially with a preview we'll be able to get tool tip fairly simple because it's just a property of it. Uh, I've never seen tool tips displaying several lines and stuff though so I wonder how good that'll look. But we'll we can try that. Really? Well, so far only seen tool tips of few words length. But yeah, uh that should be fairly easy. Yeah yeah, we will have. That's actually just gonna happen today and we will have proper segments as well. Um the thing I remember, like I have to find out how to do it without redrawing the display each time, because the display at the moment does take, you see, like it takes a fraction of a segment to display, but probably too much to update it to completely repaint the whole thing every second. So um at the moment I'm just whenever it needs to be repainted, I'm not thinking about to do and just repainting the thing as a whole with a moving bar that's not a good idea. But until I think of something better, what I'll just do is I'll just I'll probably not have a moving bar the whole length, but just some indicator somewhere. Like whatever, just uh a triangle moving at the bottom for now or something. And then I can just like repaint a small area or something. Yeah. Yeah, I have to find I have to find out the the commands for like really just redrawing a small small piece. So I have to just there's examples t um for for doing stuff like that. I just have to read up on it. But yeah, displaying the the current position bar will be easy, provided that my whole calculations of like where we are in time here are all correct. I mean that's just something that isn't tested so far. But it should be. I mean So the the general concept, will will you two just uh keep on working on improving the information density measures or do you think there'll be a point when you say well that's that's it, we have we have an information density score and and we'll be looking for something else to do? Or Okay. 'Kay. Well, I'm actually at the moment I don't see how many people can work on on the programming anyway. Hmm? No. Did we Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess I mean Uh I was a bit pissed off yesterday about that part because it was sort of just like a decision we had taken. So okay, we've been talking about evaluation l in the first report and there's nothing new we can say about it this time. And I thought we said that in the meeting before we wrote the report. And then he came back with this whole criticism saying like oh, you didn't say anything about um evaluation and then yeah, but we did that in the last report. We said we're not gonna go oh, but now I expected it in more detail and Oh. If that translates to eighty percent, like if if those actually translate to to really like their percentage scores, then that would be good. Hmm. Sixteen? What? There were forty percent each and this is how they became sixty percent Now what Okay. Um how much do you think there were? Ten each. Not bad. We also it it just means that he's relatively lenient because I mean the reports were I think they were ok good reports. But like probably somebody else wouldn't have said they were excellent. So that's a good sign 'cause it shows that he's not hell-bent on Uh And then he'll see the final display and he'll realise that it was all fake, that we didn't actually do any of the work. See the thing is Like for me personally, I think a lot of work will be done in in the last minute, in this specific case. That's not a new statement at general. But Like the week just before the presentation, I have most of the stuff that I I'm doing now, I'm rid of it, including the dissertation and DIL. So Hmm. So Jasmine, if if you got something like this and like this for for your current data, would that help in I sort of have been promising this for a week now I realise. I'm gonna give you Uh, 'cause it's empty at the moment. I mean Dave i it's a pretty much r it sh should be a question of copying it over it r over, right? So I just didn't Yeah. Can probably add a open file dialogue box with minimum effort because I think it's a ready-made component that returns a string for a file name. Or that w yeah. So we can do that today? Yeah. Yeah, but why don't we? Yeah, I know, sure it j like it it would not necessary need to be a part of the final thing, but why don't we just provide some means, even if it does it automatically in the beginning as a start-up option, just to ask for a file name. 'Cause then we can just publish a script that you just run and then this whole thing starts. You know what happened to me today, like I forgot about the whe I'm not sure if we had that problem before, finding the Java media, the Java X_ media stuff on all the jars for that. Yeah, I was like suddenly panicking at eleven when I realised God, I just thought it would be very straight-forward to get it going here. And then I got that thing. Yes, so um if we do a version which automatically opens up a file open box. You're yeah, f so you're automatically producing the right format with this no um with just per utterance. Okay. Mm-hmm. So would it be easy slash dissu difficult slash impossible like at the moment if we skip to a s treating a whole series as one thing. So like creating one file for the whole series that gives the uttera the ideas from top to bottom and But the entire corpus. It Hmm. Yeah. Where do you think you can uh produce something like that. Like I think we should go for like for one group, not for the whole corpus. No no n Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no but Dave um yeah, so tha that's what I was thinking that like the second meeting should continue till the first one's stopped. A and for one group that's true because it's sort of like their meeting's you know, like that one meeting and then Hmm? The utterances. Okay and and that's the But it just doesn't make sense in the logic-wise, sort of like until here it's the meeting about this thing and then it's that thing and then it's it's this like. Whereas Whereas uh s mayb maybe we're talking k like so so your data manager, would that then handle the whole thing? Would that handle it that this would only like the display would only display one group? Yeah, so if I mean I don't mind where it's done. So if the data manager filters it out and like I just think that in in the logic of the programme it's it's much easier to justify why we say we treat a series of meetings as one single thing rather than w But a I b like would just I would find logical reasons for why you can sugg say peop Uh but I see this two completely g def like I see each ser each group is completely separate amount of data that shouldn't Okay. But would it still like would we still in the logic of it still have continuous I_D_s if we say we take just just one meeting. Like would would the display for example still be able to just say I want from whatever from the first until the last and and everything in between sort of and and the data manager would then display that just for that meeting. Okay well, if that's possible, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's what Vera said. No. So you you'd you'd also say that it shouldn't be part of the importance measure if there's no F_ zero. Yeah. Well, I I don't know how we're gonna do the fusing of the different if inf importance measures anyway. Bu if that's done in the programme or if that's done off-line. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Does anyone have a good idea like at the moment to play around with it, what's a good way of displaying two types of information in the in the colour display. I mean uh there's probably logical ways, like if one is whatever, if one is the darkness and the other is the redness or something. Has anyone ever experimented with sort of displaying two-dimensional information in in colour? Because then we could do Jasmine's and and Vera's probably in the same scale. Yeah. F for now. No, for now. Like yeah, for us. Hmm. S Yeah. Yeah, I think we sh we shouldn't T We should assume a n assume a non-linguistic user. But I think probably for us, like in developing it, it would be interesting. Yeah, so um I'll try the red green blue. Wha what's does anyone know what this hue and saturation thing, like what that no, nobody's done much colour work. Oh actually it's not a problem of doing it. Like I think it's Okay. Okay, well I guess I'll just take a look at the Photoshop colour cube or whatever it is, GIMP colour cube, and look at Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay, so we'll produce a version of this which opens up with a dialogue box um where you can select a file? Is that right, Dave? Would we be able to do that? And and then you'll get this type of display with that file. And that's uh at the moment are w so are we are we still talking about using that one meeting that everyone is using now? Are talk about swat swi swapping now? Switching. Yeah. So everyone should produce stuff for the whole corpus now? Or Okay. Okay. We need the explicit information about each meeting then. Like sorta whi from which utterance which utterance it goes and stuff. Is anyone is anyone providing that at the moment? I didn't does any Okay. Okay. Well if you Yeah, I'm not sure about that. As in I just don't understand much about how difficult it is to do to do different things. Well as l as long as yeah. As long as everything's in the right order, it shouldn't like we should even be able to just I_D_ it when we're reading it in. Hmm. 'Kay. Yeah, so if we email out a script on how to like f load it Um so yours would always like yours would always be loaded in, I guess. Like you y there would only be one version of your data, and you can just override that version if you want. But you wouldn't have a file open dialogue box for that then. Well what would the option be? Okay, but like so make it an option which one it displays or which one it uses for the summarisation or 'cause it 'cause I was just thinking sort of so that both Jasmine and Vera could um see their data working and Mm is that not getting too much? So we would have like each of those components for for Jasmine and Vera. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But would that not require three clocks and I but that but but that also means Okay. 'Cause the dialogue uh the display also gets the information about like the relative and the absolute times. So that would be convenient if that just if there's just one of that, 'cause otherwise it's getting messy. So why don't we just make a swap ins why don't we make a switch instead, like I don't wanna do like three like three internal time-scales so that's just getting messy. Well I guess really I mean like alternatively why don't we go for the simplest thing and just create three scripts or two scripts which load a parameter uh f common line parameter, which is which file to load, and and then it's just there. Okay. Yep. Okay. Would the others Oh you oh you just have three summarisers, and then they're all synched up with one clock. Okay, the other one is just a static dialogue acts box. Okay. Okay. Yep. So we have three colour displays. Like three or No no, sure. Or maybe just start with just two like without even combining them in any sophisticated way. Just just two. Yep. 'Kay, shall we wrap that up? Sor sorry, I'm imposing. You mean discontinuous? If I have to do it f like flexibly, then I probably then it will not be significantly more difficult. But is it worth any effort though I mean? 'Cause we'll never have more than two and we'll never ha well, we'll either have one or two. So in the end 'cause you don't have different versions of well, I guess you probably would have. But then also we'd have to find more sophisticated ways of loading it, specifying the parameters. So that might Yeah, but that we wouldn't so we'd have to have some dialogue box for opening stuff. It might be it might take half an hour in the display and not more than that. Hmm. But it might actu I think it might not really be worth it to be honest. Let's work on the other stuff first, like the other stuff, and just provide like something where each of them just if if there's uh a Jasmine script and a Vera script and they each can load their stuff and see their data in in the thing. They ca they each can see it summarised by their data, and the other one is the static one. That should be fairly easy to do, right? If I just double the display and you make a uh like a non-synched up second dialogue acts. And yeah, and then they can tune, fine-tune their measures. I think it would be cool if we could check the NITE clock f code or whatever code it is for this component and see if we can access those rate things and and do something useful with them and get notified when they change and stuff. Yeah, I think Yeah, I think that's what we should do. So the the thing is it's probably an easy task to read that rate, but it's probably more difficult to get an event automatically when it's changed. So that's why we might have to extend NITE clock and like override the function that react to that. Or like the rate is probably a property, which in the worst case we'd have to set public, but if we wanna react to it being changed automatically, we might have to. Okay. So they haven't sp okay. Yeah, so it shouldn't like even if to even if uh if we have to extend NITE clock, I mean it should just be a matter of changing one single method in it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yep. Yeah. Yep. And we could justify all sorts of stuff like that by r in the presentation by saying we deliberately tried to keep any complexity and numbers and stuff away from people. I think that's sort of a line we should go by in general, sort of saying yeah, we could've done oh so many th We don't wanna confuse people. We give people something simple and colourful where something is moving and where they don't have to l deal with any numbers or text or anything like that for that matter. In fact that's why we've given you a picture of a dog sitting in a field instead of a meeting browser. It is nice and it calms people down. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Shall we meet in an hour or so, Dave? I'm probably gonna eat something quick. Ah okay, I was actually I was planning the same, but we won't get so much done before three, that's the thing. 'Kay listen, so why don't we meet after three then, because then I can like until three make sure that I have all the display c Yeah, sure, yeah. S oh so we could meet at five and I have the display code ready by then, which does the stuff like like having a bar where the position is and stuff. And Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, so we can meet in five in Apple at five in Appleton tower and just work on so I'll I'll have my displ I'll make sure that my display does all the stuff we've been talking about un until then. And then we'll put those things together. Yeah. But I mean like we we should discuss together which w like how the the search interacts with the rest. So that's not something that Colin should just do in his own.