Ooh, there you go. Doesn't wanna stay. Yeah. No it won't. Yeah. The fun and games. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Seems unlikely. It's an Excel s S_X_ dot X_S_L_. Doesn't st have anything in it, Oh, it does, it has about three lines of X_M_L_ that didn't do much, I think. Yeah. What's that? It just seems to be occupied. The place is alright, doesn't matter really. There's plenty in there. I had lots of stuff in there yesterday that Did you see? Loads of stuff. Oh no, they live there, but there's I had even more stuff there yesterday. I was unzipping all this kind of crazy huge things that were enormous. I needed them, they were for this though. It's alright, but uh Yeah, it's uh it's about yeah, it's so I think there's about eight gigs on there. So yeah, it's no problem. It's just much bigger than all of our home directories combined, isn't it?. Yeah. I had a play with it um yesterday. Uh no, it was good really. Yeah, I liked it. Um uh it uh generated a lot of exceptions in the background. But they didn't cause any problems, but it just Uh yeah, I didn't discover any of those, yeah. I did have a look. I prodded it to see if it'd break, but it didn't break too m I didn't play that long, but um it seemed alright really, yeah. And it the the th the start-up's great, looks quite good, looks alright. And so yeah, yeah. No, looked alright. The only the only thing is the it's not the start-up screen is not too pretty. But uh the the s It doesn't matter too much. No, it's not it's not it's not a um it's not the top priority, is it. Yeah. I think it'd look better on Windows as well actually. 'Cause um it Java uses the native Windows, doesn't it? So Yeah. But we don't No. Do they? Yeah.. Well the um the um speaker characterisation is finished. I haven't done it, I haven't updated all those object files though 'cause it takes ages on these computers. So I do it it's faster for some bizarre reason if I log in at home and then run the code. It runs it much faster than if I do it here. But But that's why I just can't to sit in the lab and wait half an hour or whatever it takes Yeah. No, I tried that, but l yeah. It'll really speed it up. Yeah. Yeah. I saw that, yeah. I saw that it it doe it's tells tells you what speakers uh are in which meeting and then you can see which topics which topics yeah, something like that, yeah. Yeah. The um th the dialogue acts are all done, and they're quite amusing some of them. But there's some of them some of th the thing actually what I wanted to talk about dialogue acts was um there are some that occur all the time that I just and I don't know how interesting there are. So the fir one statement is that it will b I'd removed it 'cause w it was like everything is prefixed by statement. Every single dialogue act starts with statement and um so everybody's top statement. So it So I got rid of that. And then everybody the next one seems to mostly be back-channel. Well I don't know what that means. Who knows what back-channel. Is that what that means? Oh, keep that then. Um and then the others are quite Yeah. Some people don't though. There are some people who don't do that. Actually yeah, you can see that they don't do that and it's the bottom of their list. Yeah. I know. Some people have and acknowledgement is a big one that comes up all the time, yes no questions. Um uh what else comes up? Yeah. But that's the thing and so I wanted to know whether or not we 'cause at the moment you can get there's a method that will just give you the top five for or the top X_. You give it any number and it will give you the top whatever for each person. And then each meeting knows about all the different dialogue acts for each person in the meeting, and the amount that that occurred, and will give you that in top order as well, or will give you or you can just search for each specific dialogue act. Do you have to search on in B_s and K_s rather than real words right at the moment. But I can change that. Um so I don't know what we want to display. That's what I m That's what I'm asking you really. All's a lot, all's like twenty five Dialogue acts per b Yeah. I think we should have the global top five that cause it each speaker's got top a top whatever, and so just say one of the boxes just explains does this is my top five dialogue acts for the speaker, and then in the meeting you have what you could either have the most commonly occurring ones or you could have a list of each speaker's top dialogue acts. Either of those would do you. But it would start take a lot of space if you have it Or you could have no, you don't need that. So you s 'cause it's 'cause it's a speaker window, the speaker characterisation window comes up. So you've got the global one there, and then here you can just have the top five in this meeting. And then then the top five in that meet in global, the top five this meeting, and then the rest is r obvious, isn't it. Yeah. That occur. But you th some often the interesting ones don't occur, things like joke don't occur very often. Well they do sometimes, but they're not that common. One guy has top five joke. One of them is joke. He's an undergrad. That's quite funny. Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting, isn't it? Yeah. He's the joker. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. That'd be quite good, wouldn't it? Yeah. What percentage of the dialogue acts that he makes are jokes, in the meeting and globally separately, so once globally. Yeah. Um I think most things are coded with a dialogue act. A lot of them are coded with Z_, which means no label. So I just ignored that as well. 'Cause that's boring. And statement, which is boring. And also the other thing that they have is um if somebody quotes something, so if I quote a joke to you they separate that. So they put they put the the dialogue act and then they put a double a colon and they put that aside. Just ignored anyth any quoted material, 'cause it's got nothing to do with I just scrapped it. Yeah yeah yeah, somebody else's joke. So yeah, you have to be original about your material. Otherwise we don't credit it to you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's all done, yeah. All done, yeah. Um yeah, I just have to I'll just finish there might be some polishing. I can't remember. But I think it's pretty much complete done. So I'll do that tonight. Just put it up there. So you can us start using that whenever. No, I just well it's called meeting and speaker. Well, I can judge it if you want. Yeah. We could put it in a sep in a p package. If you can be bothered. Well it doesn't seem to make any differ I've never ever used Java packages. Doesn't even make any difference. As long as in the same directory it works. So sod it. Right. Well then you can double-click on and it oh, oh. No. Yeah, it will have something else. Just borrow a little Microsoft GIF like that. M_B_. Where have I seen that before. Yeah. Yeah, anything you like, yeah. Do you think we'd be doing uh M_S_C_s in Informatics if we did? Some people do, yeah. Yeah. That's really easy. You do it in um one of the w whatever the main is it you set w GIF or some Set f set set picture or something. It's really simple. Yeah, I think you just give it a file-name and it tells it it knows Yeah, yeah, it just sticks it in the corner. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It could even have some sound when it comes on. It go welcome to the meeting browser. No, that's problem. Have to do it in the Not no, but I think if you put headphones in, it will just play just normally. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes it works, yeah. Yeah. I still can't make it run T_N_T_ from Java. Yeah, you try it. If you can make it work, then I'll be well chuffed. It's a Java course. Course, yeah. Right. Yeah, I think it was So what does. Yeah. And it uh it's was apparently generated by going to d generate JavaDoc and it just went Spat it all out and they never bothered to uh d comment anything. Yeah. At least get to know what methods are there. So without having to look at the source codes. Yeah, yeah. What? Yes, that's it right here. Today, wasn't it? It's the eighth. Okay. Don't know. Maybe it's just a day, I don't know. Send him an email. He'll probably re-do it anyway. So Yeah w He said he might he would try. Yeah. Hmm. So how many people do we uh try and 'cause it Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, it'll take forever, and then you gotta analyse the results. No no no no no, forget it. Yeah, but one computer scientist one l and one dude off the street. Yeah, one man, one woman, yeah. Yeah. Two weeks. Two two two weeks today. Yeah. When's the report hand-in? Is oh right, is that th is that the Friday? The twenty fourth then. Yeah. Yeah yeah, that's Good Friday. Yeah. Mm. oh we should have it we should try and have at it done by then anyway, I think. Otherwise it will start to getting b bit tight otherwise. We should aim to be finished by Monday, this Monday coming. A week no yeah well, basically for Tuesday. Start the evaluation t pretty much straight-away and then get Get s yeah, and then get um We have to write the report, yeah, and everything. We have to write everything. Yeah. S_P_ two. And you must have your research proposal. Is that in on the eighteenth? Shit. I've not done at all, yeah. Hmm. Yeah, you have to start again. It's just do topics instead of seg yeah, you have to get the topics out instead of the segments. Uh yeah. To you're gonna be able to do a global search for topics? Is that what you mean, yeah? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I didn't think you'd bother with that, but yeah, cool. I didn't think we're gonna bother with that. But yeah. Yeah, it does, isn't it. Yeah. Yeah. What? With Well we'll certainly do it enough to make it so we can do some numerical analysis on the Yeah, but at at the very least. No. Exactly. Yeah. Uh yeah. No, we won't be doing that. Well yeah, even if even if I happen to manage to make it decent keywords, I don't think we can expect you to also come up with the search thing for it as well. So Would, yeah. But if I collate yeah. Yeah, if I create X_M_L_ files, but if I m I'm not gonna do that. Um I did have a look at trying to create X_M_L_ files. It did look like a quite a a mission really. I suppose it's not it's it's as straightforward as writing in X_M_L_ files. But it's but it's organising the segment data though. It would just looks so complicated to get it from the um from a plain text file back into organise it by who which speaker speaks what and how n doing the segment I think that was the stupidest way they could ever have organised the whole thing if you ask me. But Organise it by time not by speaker. But yeah. But So I don't know really what we're gonna do about that. Yeah, we don't. Do we need another meeting this week? Mm. Mm.