And something to fidget with. Okay. See On your marks, get set, go. Such a long time since I've done these. At the beginning we did. Um we did a training set, didn't we, and then compared to see we probably did. And supposedly decided on things. And then we did th all the rest of them separately. Yes, I think. Okay. Yeah, but you convinced me. No, that's true. Mm-hmm. It's the length of it really. But we had That's really hard, yeah. Mm-hmm. No. Yeah. And we we had a manual, which we haven't got here. Do you reckon if we get a copy, would that be useful? Are we allowed to leave the meeting now it's started? Can we get Ben to print us out one? Mm. Okay. Yes, now we're moving with the headphones. Yes, he's he's been e emailed it, yeah. Otherwise we can go onto our system and get it. Yes. Let's say something rude. I oh. top. But no, how little work we did. I'm doing that at yes. Yeah. They have got a conference thing, haven't they? In the A_T_C_. I had to fly to Germany to do a teleconference, the same as you did for the interview. And they fly you to Germany and put you on a four-way teleconference with three people in Chile. And had they asked, we could have done it fine at A_T_C_ and saved me having to to go to Germany for a day. But they haven't got that far. Mm. And mine was even it was different again. W we had it was a four-way split screen with me and three other people, and it just stayed like that. And I had the talk on a laptop in front of me and they had the talk on their laptops, and I had to tell tell them when to press the button to turn the page. It just Yes, if you see towards the top left of the image, you'll notice And luckily Olivia had warned me it might be complicated, and so I had something with without very many um n not little flying in and things, because that would just make it really difficult. But I practised the talk, yeah, standing up in front of it and pointing to things, and you're sitting down in front of And you could see yourself, but not only could s you see yourself, you see yourself bounce back two seconds later. By the time the signal had gone to Chile and back. So you're like oh, did I just do that? And then you reacting to what you did a while ago. It was a really daft situation. Lovely. And then we can start fighting about Yes, let's. Continuum flux or continuum. Mm. Yes. Flux on its own wouldn't be a spectral feature. I think it should probably just be continuum. If it was continuum luminosity, you probably wouldn't it. Ooh. Okay, it's my part. Oh. I think I think we've worked Yes, and I'm pretty sure I'm bottom anyway. So even on one we can tell. 'Cause I would fight for line being a spectral feature as well. It's a bit hard to mark on this. Let's do that. The ones we want. Yes. And if neither, then we'll have to put something else. And I think you're probably right, soft component is a spectral feature. Ooh. Well, if you don't No. Yeah, go ahead. Mm-hmm. Pi You can point to a soft component. Yeah. Is it? Uh, now is a feature part of spectral feature? I think you're right there as well. 'Cause it it's not just absorption. But it's not just absorption point five K_V_. It is actually something in the absorption that you're seeing. If it was a a dip in absorption or a a lack of absorption, you would put it in, because we said we would put describing words. Mm-hmm. you would get a pencil. That's two. Ah, there's one with the equivalent width. I think you're right that we we weren't gonna mark the equivalent width, but we were gonna mark the lines. Broad line. And that should be a And nebulae. As a source type. I can't remember. Should we see when the manual comes. So let's come back to that one. Um Yep. I what we're doing about that either. Select a Yeah, that seems reasonable. Yes. Um Breaking the power law index, I think that's probably a you can point to it, but equally it's not a it's something you've derived. So what's a breaking a power-law index? Mm-hmm. Yep. Okay. Slight depression of the continuum near the Lyman limit. I think you're right there as well. But we're supposed to say w Yeah, i if it was absorption at H_ alpha, that would all be one. Or absorption at five thousand nanometres would all be one anyway, because it was at a certain point. But this is near. Yeah, I think you're right. It's it's near rather than at. It's not. Let's mark that then. Yes. Is that K_ clear? Oh.. Mm absorption. Yes, and you're right there as well. Tell you who's more awake at this. Mm-hmm. An absorption feature. Thank you. There is no steep soft component but our two K_V_. Mm. Yes, you could. I tend to miss out things if they're too long. Um You would point to it. Yeah. Yes, I think you're right. Should we go back to number five? But yes, nebula. Mm-hmm. I think it does. We weren't matching a H_ two regions, because it was a region I think was the argument for that. Line again. Line in ratios. But I remember we weren't gonna mark line ratios, but we were going to mark 'cau we're here where you've got equivalent width of H_ beta orbited. Ratio is different I guess. Mm. I guess it's similar. Don't include Is that the value or is that the word? Don't it in include the derived property? You wouldn't include line in that? Okay.. The one to keep, yeah. Damped Lyman alpha absorbers, I think that's a spectral feature even though it's You wouldn't mark the source type. Here. Yes, because we don't want it underlined. It shouldn't be highlighted. So. Yeah. M Mm-hmm. But it's also a I i if we have But th but you also absorb them by Y you observe them by their spectral feature. What were we doing for things broad absorption line quasar for example. We were marking the broad absorption line as well as broad absorption line quasar. So I think it should be the same as that. If it's defined by a spectral feature, we should mark it. Here. You could point to damped Lyman alpha though. Because it says here, spectral features we're now referring to a type of source, E_G_ quasar. Um not a bis specific type of source, but I think still the the spectral feature ge counts, even though it's m a modifier of something. What do you reckon, Bob? How does it work? I don't know what which doesn't help. Mm-hmm. Y ye But that doesn't mean that it's you could still say that's damped Lyman alpha and that's damped Lyman alpha. You could say all of that is damped Lyman alpha. But isn't that j always the case with something that's not particularly Mm-hmm. It it if it was if it was some other spectral feature and then absorbers, would we mark it? But But we include modifiers of source types we would mark. We're not marking absorbers. But if it was a damped Lyman alpha quasar. then we would mark quasar and we would mark damped Lyman alpha. If it was broad absorption line quasar, we'd mark it. Yeah. So it's just I guess whether damped Lyman alpha is a spectral feature in itself. Which I would probably say it was, but then I've never looked at i one. Mm-hmm. It doesn't have to be something that's specific. I guess y you know, we we say a uh big blue bump or a soft or a continuum. And we include those. That true, but w we have included c power law though. Well no, we included p steep soft component, sorry. And here we included breaking the power law, because of the break. Mm-hmm. But there's still some degree of fitting and it's steep, you're saying. You know, what's steep and what's shallow. Let's have that for now then. You if if we change our mind later when we go through, we can always come back to it and say Yeah, you're right. And absorption again. Right, what have we got different here? Hmm. It's Yeah, it's that one and this one here. Oh, we were including feature within spectral feature. Okay. I think I just missed it. I think it's not as if it's a although it's four widths half maximum, it's still the s the line within it. Silicone two is an element rather than a In this context. Rather than a line. These are the lines. I guess what you w If wasn't in there, then you'd have it silicone two lines at but without with the I think that means silicone two derived from these two features. Okay. Mm. Lyman alpha forest clouds. Lyman alpha forest you can point to on the spectrum. So we haven't basically, we just haven't got a a rule for spectral features within or referring to s types of source when we're not bother marking the source. So are we marking H_ two and H_ two regions, for example? Oh, that's true. But b yeah, but I guess it's not it's not defined by a spectral feature though, H_ two region, whereas Lyman alpha forest is defined by the definition of Lyman alpha forest clouds is that they have Lyman alpha forests. But someone's l someone's looked at that spectrum. I don't think we were making diffuse diffuse emission or Um Hmm. Mm. It's a modifier of of clouds, but I don't th don't think if we're including the I think if we're not including nebula and clouds, we can't include Perhaps we should've done. But we haven't done for the whole thing. So I think maybe we just need to put under don't include diffuse emission. But then we still have to decide if we don't label the source, what do we do about the spectral features that define that source? I if we have for example broad absorption line object, we mark that. We mark broad absorption line in that. It's an but just to know this is a Lyman alpha forest cloud, we're seen Lyman alpha forest. But it's still a spectral feature, even if it's not it might be a spectral feature i not in the cloud, but it a spectral feature in the quasar, the Lyman alpha forest. Okay. Even if not marked. No one else can read that, sorry. Okay, so th Lyman alpha forest again. And that definitely is a spectral feature on its own then, 'cause it doesn't even say Lyman alpha forest clouds. Each helium two optical depth, I think that's elemental species. Oh. Oh, we marked the same lines. What have we done differently? 'Cause the property of the line. They're gonna we're gonna have a lot of these. And we weren't using line What was the one we didn't do before? Line ratio we weren't doing. Was talking about l lines, okay. Line feature, need that. There's only one difference here. No, no, they are the same otherwise. Quite impressively. That one's the same. And damped Lyman alpha data. I can't even but if you said If you said the spectral dat The continuum's spet mm. But if it's a damped Lyman alpha spectrum, you'd mark damped Lyman alpha, because in the spectrum. And and a da is equivalent of spectrum. That's because it was talking about s but if it's saying silicone two line. Levels the new word. I think you're probably right in the case of it being data. Mm. Well If it's an emission line data Mm. If it's an emission line data, would we put it in? But if it just said em but if it just said emission line, we would. It the emission line is strong. The emission line data shows strong. Then uh I think it's the same actually, I th I think it's data isn't even needed. It's inconsistent with the damped Lyman alpha at more than the ninety nine percent. Or the damped Lyman alpha feature, if you put feature there rather than data, then you'd mark it. But I think data is equivalent if Yeah. Okay. That's think enough. Given that we can argue about it for ten minutes, it's probably not that clear-cut. Damped Lyman alpha systems and uh it shouldn't be either of them. It should be damped Lyman alpha in red, whatever that is. Spectral feature. And that shouldn't be there at all. And I've done it twice. Is that clear enough? Flat spectrum We were including modifiers, including broad line quasars, non broad line quasars as well. So I think we should probably include the flat spectrum with your q with your quasar is a very different from steep spectrum. We're ten percent of the way there. Continua. Oh gosh, it will be here forever. Remarkably soft ionising continua. You're right though, I think. Or or continuum. The absorbed continuum. Mm-hmm, yes. Oxygen shouldn't be there. That's not observed. Heavy element absorption lines I think should be there. Now what else is different? Mm. Oh, thank you. And that one. You're right, star-forming galaxies are distinct. That's, yeah, derived. Probably because you were doing seven thousand of these an hour. You mean that? If it was lines from H_ two you'd mark it. Blue wing flux. What were we gonna do about flux? Doesn't say. Yes, it's the amount of stuff in the blue wing. So I'm happy with that. Line peak. I think that should be marked. Even though it's talking about increasing line peak, it's also talking about increasing excess blue wing. Should actually be excess blue wing flux. Anyway. I think line peak is something you can point to. No, but you can't you can't s also point to increa increasing blue wing. What Mm. Okay. Light. Ye yes. Right. Neutral hydrogen Gunn-Petersen absorption. I think all of that's a spectral feature. It's basically a way of saying the Gunn-Petersen t it's a way of saying the Gunn-Petersen trough though. Which, if you just said that it's Gunn-Petersen absorption from neutral hydrogen rather than i if it was a t if it was hydrogen absorption, you'd mark the whole thing. If it was hydrogen align you would, so you should mark if it was or H_ beta absorption. It's a marks the kind of spectral feature, doesn't it? But so is H_ beta absorp uh emission as a process from H_ beta. But it's still this is a process from neutral hydrogen. I guess what I'm meaning is neutral hydrogen should be in there. And the fact that Gunn-Peterson comes between it is just a pain. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Let's just cross everything out. Blue-shifted absorption. I think it's a modifier of the thing, and so it probably should be there. As in we're putting weak and strong absorption would count, so I think blue-shifted should. Um that's talking about the line, isn't it? So that should be in. Yeah. That's talking about uh strength rather than It's not the uh abundance of it or any derived property, it's just the strength of the lines. I guess perhaps it is. Um let's make a decision. I guess it could be abundance. Yes, that's true. I think you probably should then, 'cause we will put in our align strength. Uh if it's a F_ i of a two line strength we would definitely put it in. And I think that's what it's referring to, even though it's not It's not saying two. Its lines. It's an abundance i it's an element I guess, but it's But it's a strength rather than abundance. I think that's still looking at the amount of flux coming out of the out of all the F_E_ two lines, rather than In general we haven't if unless it's specifically saying it's a line, but I guess the question is just as specifically referred to a line. And I maybe it's not clear enough to mark. Let's not mark it then. Well line, narrow line. If it says it F_E_ two line strength then we would mark it, 'cause you're talking about the line of it rather than the ev element. The word line should be in there. Or Yeah, I think they mean l I think they mean the line strength rather than the F_E_ two abundance. I think that's what they probably mean. But it's just not very clear. B_S_, bloated star. That's a Yeah. Um take out line. And that's just the wrong that's just the wrong colour, as is that. I think you were right there. Yep, you're right. And you're right there as well. That's a physical process. Yes, that was one I wasn't sure about, 'cause infrared. And if it was mid-infrar uh if it was, you'd put it in. That's just the wrong na that's just this should be a source name. I don't know w Yes. I guess the problem is due to what does that m mean. I presumed it Is it? Okay, right. 'Cause that's one I just didn't know what it Uh I thought it was a catalogue. Mm. H_ alpha I think should be marked, yeah. Yeah, you're still detecting a line, even if you're detecting it from broad-band filters. Um Broad-band Broad line region, you are right. And now align nebulae. Okay, we'll just go back and change those. You're right. Okay, where was it? Started here. Um Why did it so we mark Um we have got nebulae marked here. Oh. Yeah, okay, modifiers with them, which is give a yell if you see one. So damped Lyman alpha absorbers shouldn't be in there. But then I'm i I p I probably use that rule so half the time, and just forgotten to use at other times. Mm. Yeah. Yes, I I'm sure I've followed that rule sometimes and just forgotten. So let's take that out. Um Lyman alpha forest here. But lyman alpha forest should be in here, because it's not talking about uh m it's not modified. Damped Lyman alpha data. Data I think we should keep in. Because it's would be the same as feature. Or spec spectrum. I think data's the same as spectrum, 'cause the data is a spec m Final view, Bob? Okay. Mm let's take that out. And this one comes out as well. Okay, so we want nothing. There. Didn't it? Yeah. Right. We're there. Right. H_ alpha detection. But I wouldn't is H_ alpha broad-brand? It's a line. Whether you detect it H_ alpha emitters are not a distinct class of source, I don't think. Line. Mm-hmm. But I guess if you're picking out a spectral feature, even with a broad band or narrow band then it's still a spectral feat feature. If you're picking out a line. What however you pick it out. Line on its own. I think there's gonna be a lot of those, which makes life simpler. Yep. Absorption profiles. I think that I think the whole thing should actually be marked. Even this complex. How far should we go? Comple just absorption, per. Um Lyman alpha forest line blanketing or Lyman alpha forest line? Is it a system? V_L_B_A_ is an instrument. Oh, is it? Is a network. But is it? Yes. V_ V_L_ b very long baseline array. V_L_B_A_. If it had an A_ on the end, it would be the ne instrument. Yes, 'cause it ta it takes an image. So Oh, but then a m research group could take an image. Okay, let's oh, how much of modifiers are we putting in? From one point six or from European? Or just um V_L_B_A_ He's using capitals. But s Okay. Uh-huh. Okay.. That's just broad-band, isn't it? Broad line emission. So that shouldn't be marked. Radio-loud objects. It's not ve it's not a m mod It's not an original system. M Anything ending in object we don't include, yep. So none of those. Yep. Now we've both marked line ratios here. And that's the same. Continuum. And there it's different, because you're talking about the ionizing continuum, which is a pre Yeah. I think you can point to line pairs. And that shouldn't be in there. Yep. Scribble away. You're right there. That's all one big spectral feature. And nebula shouldn't be marked. What do we do back here? What did we do back here? We did mark nebula, yes. It was things that weren't distinct, like yeah. Mm-hmm, yeah, it's a difficult one. But if we're gonna stick to it, let's stick to it. The? The. And I think we need the. I think we would put stop putting the in, we could get confused. And you're right there. Oh, yeah. Line blanketing, you think y We had line blanketing just now and we included it. I think we sh um. Where was it? Don't think n Lyman f forest line blanket, we took blanketing out. And that's all the same. Yes. Yes, it is. Red and blue components. I think you're right there as well.. Yeah, I think i in the same way that you can point to the soft X_ rays or or the hard X_ rays, you can point to the red and the Hmm. But we're talking about the c the continuum though. If you have a galaxy spectrum though, you can say there's the blue component, there's the red component to the spectrum. Oh, I see what you mean, i like it comes from adding two different things together. I can see that, yeah. Yes. But if it said red or blue excess rather than red or blue component, I guess the problem with Mm-hmm, okay. Let's If you modelled it with two parts, one that had a a ha a harder and softer spectrum Hubble in Hubble deep field south. I didn't include it. Although it does apply to the telescope. But mm. Let's keep it in. Anyone remember when? Let's start at the beginning. Oh. Excellent. Um Hubble.. No wait, the top one I think you should include. Possibly with flux as well though. And then yes, the whole thing. Well, I said radio galaxies. Now what did we p we say about acronyms where part of it was useful? Um Um But I don't think we should mark high red-shift in that. They are just red-shi but yes. Wh what did we say about acronyms where Yes, I think you are. Seyfert one point eight and one point nine galaxies You wouldn't say we're talking about yes. I think they probably are. Inseparate. And it's just the and that annoys. Mission line feature we're gonna include. Galaxy when it's a process. Yes. Ah, now this is one where it should be this one, but what if you'd un if these are doubly underlined? Has it just plotted the top colour? Yes. Okay, because what we want here let's just mark what we want and mark that, but with also broad line I can't write. We changed it so that you could. Yeah, because quite often uh an object class is defined by a spectral feature. Like broad line radio galaxies. Broader lines, I think. List the wrong wrong colour for a few things. Oh, it's all here. Hyper-luminous galaxy. Mm-hmm. This is just a colour issue. Ye Yeah, they should all be and that one. I_S_M_. It's diffuse. So it probably shouldn't be in there. Oh. No. What we doing about nebula again? I've forgotten. Okay. Yeah. Features. Flat spectrum radio quasars. Strong drop in the continuum. I think you're right there. I think you're right again. That's just the place. Um we're not doing emission line when it's a modifier of objects, are we? The question is are emission line objects a separate class of source? I think they are. Yes, you're right. And Seyfert galaxies w should be one, you're right there. I got three seventy.