Hmm. Did did you guys actually had sort of um the interaction or discussions while you we doing the annotation, did you have had stages of clarification or I suppose you did, right? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So did you feel that it was some some kind of some process of convergence, like that initially had quite different ideas about the phrase types and and markations and then eventually you came up uh with some kind of rules that you set up between uh the two of you? Or Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think so. Okay. I dropped a. So did Dere Derek and Ben has the um the file that they this manual? Or Yeah? O okay. Okay, right, it's printing it out as well. I actually haven't really thought about like uh marking or not marking, who's top and who's bottom. I think maybe that would make sense for you guys to know. I don't know. Yeah. Okay, fair enough. So so you sorry, um just for the convention, you you you marking which uh which the annotation you think is is the right one. Okay, fair enough. Mm-hmm, okay. Would there be other cases where you would actually mark an ab absorption? Or Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Cheers. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Is that the nebula? Was it the nebula thin Yeah. Um so so can I just ask w w now you just uh aligned d uh sorry, you circle the word in the in the outline which didn't Right, sorry. Ok oh, I see, okay. Mm-hmm. Cheers. I see. That was easy. The the I it it wouldn't count as a source type? Or Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Um sorry, can we just go back th uh one page? Did did you resolve the the li the different um segmentations, like uh the main problem was Oh sorry, I I thought it was a problem of like uh one having underlined the entire oh sorry. No no, I I se okay, sorry. Yeah, I see. So from the perspective the named entity recognition task, so I th I think th there there was also this one guideline of saying for example if something uh is sitting under a negation, right, the there was no um damped L_ Y_ alpha something, then um we then I think the convention was that we still that you still would mark that. Right, so it's more like uh a s it's uh uh it's uh sort of like a quite literal task that's really like finding these kind of uh these types of strings uh rather than really referring to the underlying physical reality, which I mean sort of like if if you if you were to resolve these kind of uh cases in order to put them say in a database or so, then you'd probably be right in this case, right. But uh th given that the kind of thing is that that this named entity recogn task is is a much is a much more uh literal thing. Like really just fin finding these kind of strings. I think in this case um I w I would say this is probably an entity. Yeah. Um so uh just about changing rules, I mean in a sense you also want to make sure that the annotation that that they the agreements that you arrive on today, that they're consistent with what you did before. Right, so uh I mean this really only displays uh th those cases where you disagreed. But if you sorta like change a rule now on the fly, then that might be then that might b uh create inconsistencies with the Yeah. Just out of curiosity, this narrow and broad band, that that refers to the type of spectrogram that you have? Like t on the type of filter or is it oh, okay. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Oh, was it actually possible to doubly underline things? Um I don't know wh which one it would display then. I I actually didn't know that it was possible to have these so you you you allowed these kind of embedded uh annotations? Right, okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. That's pretty good, that's nearly a third.