Alright, is it it's ready. Okay, great. Yeah, everything's okay. Okay. Okay, okay, yeah. Okay, thanks. Okay. Okay, thanks. Yeah. Yeah, yeah a very or a quick uh slides. So um I've been here for fourteen month, I think. Yeah, so I've a accustomed to the environment here and enjoy staying here. So mm uh from uh last year I was uh uh s uh supervising the annotation of segmentation, summarisation uh uh with Jean uh of the I uh IC ICSI corpus and uh uh uh on the other hand uh I w n uh did s some very preliminary work on chunking the switchboard corpus. But uh that was not uh well picked up in the AMI corpus, which is supposed to be. So uh and currently I'm more interested in see uh uh, yeah, analysing the discourse structure in multi-party meetings. This is what I'm going to present here. So uh uh in this presentation I'm going to see how we could analyse utterance to utterance relations in multi-party meetings. Um 'Cause meetings is a lit different from normal text or a n a normal dialogue or monologue. So interactivity is a concept is a concept that I'm using to distinguish the two uh uh extremes of uh of interac uh of discourse in meetings. And uh for dialogues uh and monologues I think we might have to use different uh concepts to m m uh model the discourse structure. Then uh I w I will uh give a very uh rough plan for the next uh couple of month. And finally I I will intr i introduce some related work, yeah. So the big question that I'm concern here is what's the relationship between utterances in multi-party meetings, or how do we analyse discourse structure right above utterances instead of uh those high level intentional structure of discourse? So the concern here is about the very local low level utterance-to-utterance relations in multi-party meetings. Uh this is the local discourse structure. So the uh building block of that kind of uh structure would be the uh utterance and possibly one of its properties, the dialogue act which we're currently uh working on or uh and uh for meetings, yeah, so I've mentioned uh uh before that meetings is a bit different from uh monologue and uh dialogues. So uh in meetings I uh from my uh reading of the one of the AMI meetings I_S_ one O_ eight, uh the uh the four meetings, I noticed that uh uh the interaction, degrees of interaction in the meetings uh varies from parts to parts. So for some part uh the interaction is very strong. So it's obviously a dialogue. But uh for some part part where the interaction is very weak, uh just uh like the uh chairman or project manager is mm uh coordinating the meeting. He's uh pushing the meeting forward, then this kind of s organ organisational structure or part. Uh uh and also other pr uh parts like uh the back-channels without any uh semantic content uh from other participants. So this kind of uh interaction might be better analysed as monologue, which uh in which there is interaction, I suppose. So Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, so this is going to be based on the utterance to utterance. So for this utterance, the next utterance, if it's from another pa uh speaker, then uh if it's not a back-channel or uh something similar, then it's a dialogue. So if speak changes. So yeah, speaker change is Yeah. Yeah, yeah, b but uh sh short uh turns uh like mm or something very similar might be the uh seg second type of interactivity, the weak interactivity. That might not be analysed as a uh monologue, but as a dial uh no no no, wrong, uh not as dialogue but as um a monologue. Yeah. So for that part uh for that kind of back-channels we can just skip that and uh uh to not treat them as interruptions or something like. Then yeah, we could just uh Yeah. Yeah. Speak change speak change would be yeah. If if it's uh just some kind of back-channel or it's just a signal signal the s the speaker is listening or is understanding what's going on, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Um Yeah, so Uh yeah. Uh so for interactivity this is the only slide. So yeah activity is uh I'd define interactivity to be as a degrees of interaction in meetings. So which might uh speak change whi uh uh would be a very good indicator, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah yeah. No, no. Yeah. No yeah. So actually, so uh this is a very rough idea of interactivity. If we go further, we might distinguish uh the interactivity between two, f three, or all the groups. So that might be some final definition for the uh interactivity, yeah. Yeah, so that might be the second class, yeah. Weak this is a kind of weak interactivity. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's also true. Yeah. S yeah, yeah, actually 'cause uh I've looked uh Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. So for that case, yeah uh yeah, so this might be a weak definition of interactivity. So if we could figure out uh if they are really interacti uh interacting with each other, or just uh uh incremental mm presentation of some information. So that's d uh different. We might um yeah need a more strict or finer uh definition of interactivity. Yeah, ju uh for this use of the uh for the use of this term for the indicator of the uh degrees of interaction, uh I think for for the current uh proposal I think that it's just for distinguish between dialogues and monologues. 'Cause for these two types of discourse, uh the uh the the cons the the two that we are going to analyse the discourse structure might be d different. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And also 'cause uh I have uh read some of the M_O_T_A_ uh corpus. Uh so for some part of th that kind of meetings um uh several utterances or dialogue acts are just uh tagged as statement. So that I don't think that would be very informative for high level str analysis. So that's all what uh that's why why uh I'm distinguishing the two kinds of discourse here. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, the like yeah. Yesterday, yeah. Mm-hmm. Might be a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. No, just a uh turn exchange, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Actually sh uh she used some a a a bunch of features to do the automatic parsing. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh yeah. Utterance to utterance, yeah. Very low level, yeah. You cou yeah. Yeah, i to uh just we need to see uh how well we could work out of the utterance to utterance. Yeah. Yeah. So uh yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No. Hmm, hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, for interactivity this is a very weak definition, yeah. If we need more then we might use some more finer uh f finer uh definition for interactivity. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. So mm so for dialogue, yeah, mm there would be uh some kind of uh interaction structure. So it for uh in previous discourse studies, uh especially in discourse analysis exchange uh is used to describe this kind of uh local structure. And in conversation the analysis so adjacency pairs are used to describe this kind of structure. Uh but uh in these two strands or work they uh just come up with a list, maybe not uh exhaustive. So uh I'm been think about uh if we could come up with some kind of more principal scheme uh taking some of the uh information in the uh uh uh in the uh interaction uh into account. Like uh is the small part of interaction is is exchanging some information. Uh here information is a little vague. It could be some kind of knowledge what the uh speaker knows or or some kind of thought what the speaker is thinking. So these two kind of uh inform mm two kinds of the information uh might be some kind of a difference. So this is a little bit like the Bell's mm exchange of information uh for the knowledge. If exchange of uh opinion uh uh some kind of so it's uh very related to thought, of thinking, yeah. Uh in some case it s differs 'cause uh when we exchange knowledge, we might not challenge uh the speaker, but uh when the speaker is uh pre uh is uh talk about what he feels, what he thinks, is proposing something or s uh then other speakers might might chan challenge him or her. So that kind of structu Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But uh that might b be some difference inter interaction par patterns. Might be. 'Cause uh for information if we uh somebody's uh seeking some information, then he uh ask some question and uh the one knows will uh gives gives the answer. But uh uh for the uh opinion or thought uh stuff, then the speaker might just uh uh present some idea and others will comment or uh challenge uh the idea. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, it's vague, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm see 'cause uh so far I'm s still looking for a uh so-called principal scheme for the interaction uh for the interaction. So Yeah, so Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so yeah, for uh p uh the discourse analysis they're using exchange, but uh they have no uh no classification just to come up with okay, so uh you mean uh uh Sinclair and Coulthard. That is. Also at Geneva school they I don't think they list some kind of exchange. But uh the uh exchange structure uh and uh yeah, exchange is first uh developed in uh systemic functional grammar along the uh uh Halliday and and Martin's work. Yeah. So uh actually they they have some something in in a textbook about the exchange. Uh they call it negotiation. So they have uh some flow charts of the uh uh detailed analysis of uh uh exchange structure, yeah. Yeah. So um uh I don't think there is any kind of principle classification of exchanges. This is i yeah, w Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Yeah, I_R_F_ uh kind of structure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Mm 'cause uh from my previous experience we see ananys analysis of information seeking dialogues over telephones. So it's um uh about the tourism information. So from uh um my analysis of that kind of dialogues I could say that there's only there only four basic uh exchanges depend on the information uh direction of the information flow, and also the speaker role. 'Cause in the information seeking dialogues the uh t roles of the two participants are different. One is mainly the uh from the uh agency, a tourism agency. That is main uh uh information provider uh while the customer is the information seeker mainly. Yeah, that's uh so theref uh and also mm uh the direction of information flows for some kind of information, like uh the uh uh price of a specific route, uh the spots they're going to uh visit, and also on the uh kinds of uh ve uh vehicle or or transportation, yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah yeah, s yeah, yeah. So but there also some variations which I call complex exchanges. So that's uh that's uh just a list. Mm not like the uh basic exchange uh exchanges, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah yeah, parametri yeah, I I I'm looking for parametric, yeah, scheme. Yeah yeah yeah. That's uh y yeah. A parame parameter or principle. Yeah, some something like. Yeah. Yeah. And also yeah. A and also s in 'cause in the meetings uh the speakers might might report something uh they've done in the past and uh uh uh uh talk about th what they are currently doing and also planning some future actions. So this kind of information might also be helpful. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh not marking. Just uh for my uh reading of the uh I_ I_S_ one O_ eight uh four meeting series. Yeah, just to reading this part, yeah. Mm Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. So this is for the uh dialogue part. For monologues uh this is uh yeah. Okay, so no further uh information is here. Uh Uh Mm 'cause uh so for the information and action the uh the action here is not dialogue act but uh some kind of uh uh physical action uh that uh the uh participant's uh i i is going to uh or has done in the past. He's going to do the future. So Uh not Physical sense, yeah. Physical sense, yeah. Yeah, so uh this kind of might be the uh some kind of semantics of the utterance or or exchange. So uh this is just one um thing I one parameter uh for mm-hmm. Uh I mean uh here the scheme is for exchange scheme. So yeah, for uh for for uh exchange of information. So there might be the uh s speaker, and he uh a hearer. So who speaks to whom and uh uh S so this is the uh uh so direction of the information flow and also so speaker role might be first uh parameters for the uh ex uh information exchanges. So um but for action that might be uh some kind of uh propose or accept or reject kind of uh uh exchange structure, I mean. Uh-huh. Uh no no. No that's uh that's the uh So we're going to do something and uh uh so could you do something or this kind of uh action related utterance I mean. Yeah. Okay, technical sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, that's n Hmm. Before come up with the scheme, you mean. Yeah. Exch So yeah. Uh yeah. S Stent yeah Stent might does um yeah. Stent, yeah. Mm no. Uh so so 'cause I'm I might not familiar with these na Mm-hmm. So uh is it the work uh described in the c uh in in uh in the coconut project or something similar? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Y yeah, look uh not very much detail, yeah. Yeah. No, not. Okay. Yeah. Yes, yes. Yeah, I know okay. Oh. Uh I know this guy, yeah, yeah. Uh, Jim @'s student. Yeah, I know. No no, in Saa Saarbruecken. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Okay. Yeah, I know, her. Okay. No. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. So main actions I guess might be some some high level uh problem solving or decision making uh uh concepts, uh not like the exchange which which I I would like to be very low level utterance to utterance relations. Uh I mean uh I mean the m main actions might be some it might be, yeah, built built Okay, so well w Okay. Okay. Okay. Physical. Some kind of physical actions, yeah. Okay. Yeah, different scheme, yeah. So yeah uh th the the main actions that uh you're talk about I think might be, yeah, built up from the exchange, yeah. Ex at least exchange might be uh one kind of uh important information for that kind of Yeah. Yeah, okay. Next. Yeah. So yeah, for the monologue I've I have not uh looked into the details about the this kind of uh relations for the monologue parts. Just a list of these uh relations. And uh so uh next I need to uh review the literature and uh come up with s schemes for the real data annotation. And after that uh we w 'cause this mm is not in the hub corpus. So we are not going to get l all the meetings annotated with that kind of. So uh so we we might ju first try a few meetings and uh have a reliability study. If it's reliable enough, then we must just uh just annotate a small part of the meetings and using some learning techniques to boot boot-strap the uh uh automatic uh analyser. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if uh if it's based on the uh um dialogue acts, yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm Yes. Hmm. Or fits the meeting browser. Yeah. Okay, so mm This might not be the final goal that uh that could be fit into the uh browser. But it uh might be some kind of uh uh information which might benefit meeting actions or some more high level decision making or problem solving. 'Cause this is the building blocks, I guess, yeah. So Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. So after this if uh if uh uh we might do some mm pe uh from here we might be some uh uh, yeah, c problem solving, decision making process to track that kind of information. Yeah. Yeah. Messy. Yeah, yeah. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Ye Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, ma ma uh s Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's kind of uh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Different feature combination, yeah. Yeah, yes. Uh uh yeah. Uh I mean I was supposed to chunk uh some part of the AMI meetings, you know, to see if the chunker channel switchboard works well enough or not. If not, then mm we have to use some kind of semi-superv supervised learning or some uh boot-strapping to to to do the chunking. No, no, 'cause I was a bit worried about uh this kind of uh discourse structure, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh dialogue segmentaton. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Or AMI data. N no. Okay. So Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, yeah, for Switchboard, yeah. Direct chunking, 'cause we are not going to in a tree out of the AMI data. Uh so th uh we uh D_F_K_I_, 'cause they're working on some H_P_S_G_ parsing. Yeah, might be. Might be, yeah. If the Uh if uh I'm I guess that if they're different then we might just uh write another script to do the translation. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I need to look at some of to see. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Twenty minute, yeah. Yeah? T_N_O_, yeah. Okay. Yeah, 'cause yeah they did some work bio project with the H_P_S_G_ parsing. At least bio. Yeah, well maybe. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. Okay, okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh not sure c uh Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hmm hmm. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah, yeah. Hmm. Yeah, yeah. Okay. S so then later, yeah? Okay. Okay. Yeah, it's yeah. Okay. Sorry? You mean mm. I will try my best, yeah. Oh yeah. Uh I m I might yeah, 'cause uh Julie and the boy is here. So. it's a little tiring 'cause my parents have left. Uh yeah. So I might take two weeks off two weeks off in uh May, yeah, sometimes, yeah. Off, yeah. Okay, thanks. Uh yeah, hope I hope so very soon. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, thanks.