Oh dear, this doesn't stick at all. What Rena. What, this bit or this b Like this? I sabotaged it. Yeah, mine doesn't stick today either. Who wants to write summary? Oh. I'll do it. Um have you changed the the file yet? Oh. Yeah. Yeah, I forgot that actually. Yeah. No, when we um when you said at the beginning I thought must check the read-write and then I never did it. No? Alright. Mm-hmm. Mm g yeah. Uh. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah. Yeah. Make browsers for the rest of the night. There is a file in the directory called disful. I ho what is it? Oh right. Yeah, that's right, yeah, yeah. Oh right. Well j do you want remo move that just n just for nicety. Yeah, yeah. And really. Oh it's huge, several gig I think. Yeah, something like that, yeah. Has anyone had time to to play with it? Any comments? Um Oh right. Might as well, yeah. I mean yeah. The thing is that, yeah, there is as I said a while ago, there is still this one error which is a bug in in N_X_T_ um that r r always generates these. I think when you when you left-click or right-click or something, I can't remember now. Um but if it's a real error, then it it stops, so you can't do any any more. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, be good. Is there any any comments you have about just like wording and or some sort of minor things? Hmm. Yeah, I know. At the moment as well the whole windows that pop up are not pretty at all. But um, you know, I would make them a bit nice if I had more time, but at the moment it doesn't look like that. So I will if But that took me so long to do this bloody start window. Nasty. So I'm quite glad that it looks, you know, ni nice on one or this kind of thing. No, this is just yeah. Alright. That's odd, yeah. Try that a few times. Yeah, I started I started using your um um the speak I don't know if you've seen that in the yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. But it's good, your your stuff is really coo good. It's got a good interface and easy to use. It's nice. Right. Well wouldn't won't we include that then? Yeah. It's when they say mm, uh-huh, yeah. Yeah. I don't know if that's very useful, because everyone does it. It's very Really? They're asleep, I think. So which you know, suggest maybe you can suggest a few that which which would be interesting to list. Like three or four or something. Mm-hmm. Very nice. Mm-hmm. But I mean do we do we care if, you know why not w I think, you know, it'd be it'd be difficult But it would be difficult if, you know, if in the um speaker characterisation window we had a heading, you know, top five dialogue acts. And then then the little brackets, but they're not actually the top five, but top five minus the most common ones, which are, you know Because For the speaker. Yeah. No, I wouldn't yeah. Exactly, yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just do top five, both local and global, and then have another Um but then we want a selection of three or four maybe interesting ones, and then You followed all this up. Yeah, see, and that's what speaker characterisation gives you. Who's the one who dr Yeah. Yeah. Um so is is this percentage then um if you say like um joke for this speaker is percentage, I don't know, twenty, is that the ho what percentage of his speech is joke, or w how what percentage of the jokes Are jokes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean just keep it simple as Um You will, yeah. Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah, I was thinking that um it sort of turned out that way a bit, didn't it? I don't know. Does it matter? Oh, I was Mm. I have one one m one little question that I reckon we should have a little icon for our browser. Well no, the thing is um in, yeah, in the the top left. At the moment they've got an X_, which is, you know, N_X_T_ and it's sort of a bit cheeky to use that. So No, we want something original. What do you suggest? We could the only thing I could think of was an M_. But We'd be sued for that, I think. Yeah. Yeah um I mean it's tiny, so we can't really put more than one character really or one sort of simple GIF. No. Well, I can dr Yeah. Well if you find anything, then send it to me. Otherwise I'll I'll make up some M_. I'm not sure actually. I'm thinking yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah, I I know yeah, I know how to how to put it there. But I'll have to import it somehow. I'm not quite sure. But Yeah, yeah, probably. Yes. Oh yes. No. No uh If if the sound-card is registered to your name, which it usually is not, and you have to re-boot, and sometimes it still doesn't work, then yeah. Um Mm-hmm.. Yeah. In fact it's a N_X_T_ package. Yeah. I mean sometimes they have methods that don't have any explanation to them at all. So you just like right, I'll try this then and see what it gives me. Hmm. Friday? I thought it was Friday. Yeah, I think we both should, yeah. Well that's the problem, because Steve hasn't given us any details, has he? That's true. I I'm sure we could do that in like a meeting and make it up together. Yeah. Um the thing is yeah, we had the the deadline last Friday, but we won't be able to do any evaluation during the weekend anyway, so I think we could set Monday. And that would give us the whole weekend. I don't know. I think it was. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly, yeah. At the end we'll say, yeah but you never gave us any test subjects. Well sort of, that's how I understood it. He would he would make something up. Ha yeah, find some people, that's how I understood it. Um the thing is, you know Yes. Um I think if we if we don't get anything from him, then we should just do our friends basically. Well they're your friends, so they should But it's not gonna take long. It's only only gonna be half an hour maybe. Um Maybe, yeah. Well it will be. Yeah. It'll have to be, yeah. Hmm. So Really? I was thinking of like ten. Fifteen. Uh Really? Really? How can you get a range of people if you have three? One art student. Yeah. Yeah. And hen we should just have two. Yeah. Oh dear. Um Another thing, um, we have the we have the um the presentation on like in one and a half weeks or something, whatever it is. Or nearly two weeks. Oh is Tu yeah, it is two weeks then. Do we have to have done the evaluation by then? It's the Thursday. No, the Thursday, I think. I think it's the Thursday. Is that Good Friday already? Wow. No. Well it I'm sure on the web-site it says Thursday. Hmm. Well, you know, the the question is, i do we need the evaluation for the presentation. We should definitely ask him. Because if not, then Yeah, you might be right. Because we need to write a presentation as well. Exactly, me too. That's the point. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm not free after this Monday, but I'm free at like after the eighteenth. Because because I don't have anything after the eighteenth apart from this. Well that's in on the eighteenth. Mm-hmm. Ooh. So um So Anyone fancy writing him an email? That, yep. And But it's still important to know. So we would def Yeah, yeah yeah. I mean we need to know that anyway to prepare the presentation in the first place. And um What was the other one. Basically, how is how is it going with your evaluation proposal. Have you got people yet for us, or what are you thinking, and when? No. Do we know did he ever say how long it was supposed to be? Mm it's gonna be a lot. But we can write a lot. I mean I think we should we should write everything. Seven pages? Oh. True. Yeah, we can n Yeah, should be good. So do you wanna write him an email then? That'd be good. Um And uh when I get home today, which will be before um before half past six, I will make that file readable, writable, everything. Uh-uh. Well I I will Well I will I will need your snippets of code or it'd be good if I had them by tomorrow evening. Oh, I was gonna ask um at the moment your search window, how is it organised? But at the beginning, it when you haven't searched yet, is it is it just is it still divided into two and the bottom half is just just empty? Okay. And then if you, I don't know, double-click on one Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Hmm. Well y y this this is the icon by the way. Um, yeah, maybe you wanna do um left-handed um yeah, one left-click um highlights the the result in whatever you've got open. Which other ones? Um yeah. Usually one left click, it's highlights it cross-highlights everything, I think. Yeah. Mm well it's difficult, because Well you could look up Mm no, that's difficult. Because it the transcription window does cross-highlighting. In a very awkward way, because it has to find the topic first. That was that was a pain. And um when you when you g um right-click on a topic, it pops open the list of meetings that contain that pop po topic. And um and that works when you when you left-double-click on a topic oh, on a meeting, sorry, then it loads it. So you could you could take that for loading. So if we have that um the same on this one, at least that you if you double-left-lick, then it loads. Mm. Highlights um yeah. I mean a hi obviously highlights whatever you've clicked on here, but also highlights um Actually it's difficult, because Because you n you don't you only ever have one meeting open and those results will be op I well I suppose if you have a if you have a local search, then it could cross-highlight. Because you know, if you get back several different meetings here and you've only got one meeting open, then you can't cross out anything. Okay. What do you mean by multi-select? Mm-hmm. Oh, okay. Oh, I see what you mean, yeah. Okay. Well i i i in any case, if you left-click on on a result that is contained in the meeting that is currently open, then it should cross-highlight. If not, it can't. So Can you make Is it d very difficult to make another another GUI, but only for a global search? Just just take that away, the the local check-box. Because um hmm? Yeah, because in the start-up screen you can't have a Yeah, would you make that? That'd be really handy. Everything else can just stay the same, you know. In fact you can just leave everything as it is and just remove the check-box. Radio button. Mm. Okay. Are we done? Hmm. Okay.