Did we get seven out of ten for the other one? Okay. Yep. Not bad. Um I think there is. Just because um the the topic box and all this is um is based on um, oh what's it called, nom no, NITE text area or something. In text area, is that what it is? Um it has some sort of highlighting stuff there. So you should probably look at the Um I'm not sure if it's in-built though, to be honest. What what what wh wh You don't. Okay, I'll do it. Yeah, I w I was thinking about uh I was going that direction anyway. Yeah, that Okay, yeah. So Okay, yeah, I see what you mean. I think. I think. So um I uh have you already calculated all this data or are you supposed to do that? Oh right. Alright. Uh what should it come back as? Numbers. Oh, yeah. Um whatever you give me I can do it, I think. I mean um Um Um so what will whenever we open a window for one speaker um Yeah, yeah. Sh pretty much, I would have thought. Yep. Yep. Definitely. Oh is it? Um the one present. Although we could do th mm we could do the one highlighted I suppose. Mm. Mm-hmm. I mean that would um that would be um implementing what you said, that you wanna see, per topic you wanna see which one spoken most, something like that. So you could you could zap through these topics uh meetings, sorry. And um and it would come up with how much they spoke and you can pick the one that s looks the most interesting. So do you wanna do that then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. So yeah, random things like just like return talking time. Or Yeah. Good. Yeah, I mean Can you put in there what topic was spoken about as well? Then I could use that for the for the topic pop up window. That'd be r That wasn't what?. Yeah. Yeah. Because at the moment if you right-click on a topic window on one of the topics, you have the option of pop popping open a window which gives you a list of all the meetings containing that topic. So Yeah. Yep. So how how would you d how would you calculate that? Would you do the summarisation as you populate it? You know, just yeah, for the global Oh right, so oh, so that that is all sta stored together. Oh right, okay. Okay. Sounds good. So have you done these yet, the no. Mm just gotta decide on what we wanna Um Yeah, definitely. Yeah. So it's all all usable now, can I do it tonight? Hmm. Oh, I see. Yeah. Well, let me know when when it's sort of usable. Or at least What do you mean, a picture? Do you mean just the yeah, but it's not gonna take very long. I mean it's m yeah. Mm. Hmm. Sounds good. So where is that? Is that stored in the uh On your home directory, not in the okay. Yeah. Sounds good. Alright. Yeah. Well, are you wanting to write that in directly or what what do you wanna do with that? If you wanna change my code. You're yeah, but are you do you wanna change that m the original M_ browser file then? Or yeah. Have you done that now? Or Oh, okay, so not the actual one but a copy of it. Okay, yeah. No, I just Well just just tell me when, because I usually I usually work on my own copy for for the day and then update it without checking if th if the one in the one in the shared one has changed. So Okay. Yeah, let me know. Yeah. Cool. So is that what you're working on now then, to in to rip to present the results nice overall? You mean the hi highlighting stuff? Or Yeah. Actually for um um for an N_ text area, whatever it is, um they they defined some ha handy highlights on that. So you've got different different highlights. You've got just look at the the what they wrote about it. They've got like user highlights, um selection highlights, time highlights and something else. So you can quite easily if your text area is called area, you just do area dot set highlights or something, you know. Something like that. That's the way I did it to to highlight, to cross-highlight between topic and then transcripts. Sorta thing. Really? Really? Oh yeah, allocates more dat more room or whatever. More memory. Does it talk to you now, does it? Yeah. Spent too much time in front of it, I think. Mm. Right, well I've been uh I've been doing some random pop-up windows for the speaker characterisation, which is good. So I can feel that in now. The windows are all there now after lots of fiddling. Well, you know, just the pop uh pop-up window was difficult enough. Because um it it m basically has to set up um like whatever ten pop-up windows in memory, as in already initialize them, because there's there might be ten speakers that all have to have different mee windows and Um and I'm working on when you click on a topic to see a list of the of the topics of of of the meetings that that topic was mentioned in. And I have uh a question about the we said we wanted a start screen. What kind of start screen do we want? I mean do we want some general blurb about welcome to the browser or something? Some animation dancing on. Yeah. So do we want yeah, maybe we could write an on like the whatever it's called, the the top of the window saying welcome to the meeting browser.. Yeah, but how? M I mean at the moment the way it is it's uh it's a drop down menu, as you've seen, um with all the and that because it's it's the dialogue class that you use there. Yeah. I mean I think they should have two options, either load up a meeting that they choose or do a search. And through that, once you've got the results, you click on something and that loads up the first Oh. Does it? Oh. Oh ju just bec mm. Oh. Can you not get this nom object um I suppose we wouldn't wanna use yeah, we yeah, we wouldn't wanna use N_X_T_ at the beginning anyway, because we don't wanna search um locally, we wanna search globally. So d so let's say Well no, then they would open the meeting first, right? So let's say they have two options, either pick one meeting or search globally to find a meeting that they like. Yeah. No, but why do we want default? I mean just you know. Yeah, but local search. We can't do global search without anything. Pretty much. Yeah, I mean the local Yeah. But yeah, the the global um inverted file search gives the nom objects basically to the local search, right? Well yeah, th that's always gonna be the case with search. Mm. I mean you can uh you know, the option is to do a search in the way that you d if you do a global search, first as a first step, and you return the meetings, as in they're not even the meetings but the name of the meetings, so you know, say you wanna search for the word language, then it gives you as a result all the meetings that contain the word language. And then you can decide well I wanna search on this and this and this meeting, or only on this meeting, or Yeah. Definitely, yeah. There is um yeah, in the in in one of the papers they have m um names, such as um better understanding or whatever. Even w one of them is yeah, one of them is even even better understanding or something. I I love that. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. Yep. So I've yeah, I've put that in already to Sort of. So yeah, again concretely to the start-up start-up um libraries window. Um Well, can I Yeah, how is that? I mean do you think you would have have time for that as well? Wha what does T_F_I_D_F_ stand for? Oh. Okay. Yeah. Ah. So the general score, would that be a um for the whole of the language or the for all the whole of the corpus? Okay. Okay. Well, you know, you can you might have some general frequencies. Oh, I see. So what would the if we had the these fake topics, what what would the what would they look like? A bunch. Just a list of like three words or something.. Alright. Because that would be really handy then, we can actually test it on the user, as opposed to just doing it and not using it. 'Cause if you just have the segmentation, that's great, but we can't we can't compare it to the to the uh hand annotated, you know, the hand segmented tool. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Yeah, that would work. That'd be really nice. Mm, yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking too, yeah. Well, do we want to? Do we want to? Sort of, but then the main idea was more like to to speed it up, speed the search up, because N_X_T_ over the over the whole of the corpus was just not feasible. But it would be No, but the general inverted file. Oh, yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. That would just be a nice extra. Yeah, I I wasn't sure if it was or not. True. It's true. So what, it's only interim. Yeah, I mean if you have time. Do that as well, that'd be really nice, yeah. 'Cause I mean then then it would give you like if you searched for a word, it would give you the the meetings, but also how often the w that word occurred in that meeting. That would be so useful. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but it would be useful if you yeah. You know, you c if you have a if if you search for language and you return like, you know, basically all of the meetings, you wanna see where they actually spoke about it and where they just mentioned it once. Ah. Language and No, just like Edinburgh and language. alright. And then and then ad add those up or something. Or what? How would you combine them, that's the question. So to come back to the start-up screen I'm I'm I'm I'm very unsure about what that should look like. I mean we wanna for the part where you can choose choose the the meeting, what kind of information do you wanna have about the meeting? I mean the u the the longer name obviously, if there is one, 'cause they don't all have a longer name. What the users that spoke. The users that took part. But then that's probably pretty much the same for the same group. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah, just to give them an idea, general idea what there is and so they can pick a a to um a meeting. Yeah. Yeah, or w you kn yeah. I wanna look at the meeting where so-and-so spoke um of that, you know, sort of some sort of research group. I want that first meeting. Look at that. Oh. Oh. Mm I don't think we need that, yeah. Because we we just wanna have a way of of yeah. Because as soon as they've got loaded their first meeting, y they can they can browse through that quite nicely. Yeah. What do you mean? W how how are we gonna know that? Have a user model. But that would defy the whole point of browsing, right? If you only wanted to look at like five meetings. Well you just you just uh you just scroll down the list and find your favourite one. I mean It's not like they come back every day and do the same browsing. Let's see what's changed today. Mm. Yeah, yep. Oh right, oh okay. Well Yeah. No, that's Um I w I wasn't gonna put any, you know, any any help in there any sort of a explanation of how the browser works, to be honest. I wasn't oh right. Mm-hmm. I see. But I mean the main thing what you wanna do is to view a meeting, right? Yeah, or search, yeah. S and both of those we have and Yeah, that uh all happens for the search basically. Basically, either the user wa knows which meeting he wants to look at and he just clicks on it, or he doesn't and then he searches for one that sort of looks like Yeah. Oh, I see what you mean. Inside the search menu, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's that's what yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that looks about right. Um but I'm I'm unsure about how to how to put all the information in there. Because we need drop-down menu, but we want all the information about the name, the longer name, and the sp and the users. So how d how d No, but the codes I mean at least maybe if they know the codes and in or the to in or the corpus corpi? Yeah. Drop-down is definitely not Yep, yep. Yeah. But then yeah, as I said, how do you do it? Um No no no, I'm not I'm not saying you can you can pick a user, but you should come up with some list, but an extended list of the of the meetings, so you know, you have B_D_R_, whatever it was called, O_ one. And then it gives you the longer name, blah, and then it gives you the, you know, the participants. I was thinking that. Yeah. Tool tip. But then yeah. Uh no, it's not at all, I think. A tool tip, yeah. I've not tried that yet, but I was I was gonna do that. I'm very yeah, very keen on that, yeah. Yeah, I'm not sure what th it is that very is that not annoying if you have to hold your m you know, you ha you have t yeah, y yes. They do that a lot, don't they? No, but you know, to to search for a u pecif pec specific user, you have to hold your mouse over that one, wait for it to pop up, hold your mouse on that one, wait for the pop Um Hmm. Mm. Yeah. It'd just be nice to have some basic information on on each of the meetings. Yeah, I'm thinking that that updates depending on what you've got highlighted. Yeah, maybe that's the best idea then. So you've got a drop-down menu, a search a search button not search, go button. And then Some sort of field which updates dynamically depending on what you've got highlighted. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. I think. Nom. Yeah. What does nom actually stand for? NITE, oh yes. Oh. Oh, yeah. You've got lots of nom something and then NITE something and then N_ something. Oh really? Oh. Oh. No. In most of the descriptions are hints to each other saying you've gotta update this, Jonathan. This is this is uni unintelligible. Great. I know it is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yep definitely. Not very fun. Right, so anyone else got anything to say? Do we yeah, do we want another meeting at the end of the week um with Pernilla? Yeah. Yeah, something like that. I mean uh I think I'm gonna do quite a bit of work this week, so I'll have probably more to talk about. I think yeah. Well If you like. Well, we can disc uh discuss that on Friday if we have one. Friday? What what time? Um I've got a doctor's appointment at ten to two. What? Li W how about qui I can't. Um what I oh, no no, that that would only give us like thirty five minutes or something. Well what how about quite late? Like you know, five or six. Well three o'clock, let's say three o'clock for now. Okay. Right. I'll write um I'll write this meeting up and I'll send it to Pernilla as well. No. Because she's not here. I collect meeting summaries. Yeah, no, we should probably do that at end, depending on So can we just can we just r repeat briefly what we've spoken about. So we've din done uh progress on the speaker characterisation, who does the speaker characterisation. We've mentioned topic labelling with uh key-words. Um we discussed if the search should be ranked. And Michael, did you have anything else? And a start-up window. Oh well, basically not not unless you've got time for at the end. It would be nice at the end. I think it would. Yeah. I think I think it w it would it would give you the most relevant result. No, but for things like if you search for language, then you might have you have some topics which have as a, you know n some some meetings which have as a topic language, they specifically speak about language, and they use that word like in every sentence. And then you've got those that just mention, you know, mention it briefly, like once or twice saying, you know, my language is German or something stupid that you don't really want. So you wanna distinguish those somehow. Or would be nice anyway. Yeah, yeah. Uh for multiple terms we can just do something really simple. I mean Yeah. Yeah, just just just disregard it, yeah. Yeah, I mean you'd you'd just do it really simply, you know. You'll have the results as before, but yeah, yeah. Can discuss it on Friday. It doesn't have to be all intelligent. Yeah, exactly. Mm. Well it's not that many meetings. So that sh that shouldn't is there really? Wow. Ooh. Hmm yeah, that's true. It would be useful as well for a word like language that might occur in all of them. But you wanna find the one that actually contains it usefully somehow. You know, you still wanna be able to search for for the word language. In a sensible way. Well we'll discuss it again on Friday. Yep. Yep. Tick.