Okay. Did I tell you that we've got kind of two-way interaction? If you control click an utterance, it will play where it should be in the file. We should probably set those sizes 'cause that's such an easy thing to do. Are you missing the sound? Oh, there it is. Yeah. That's Vera's data on the display. But the segments are just made up, aren't they. You can also control click on the dialogue acts and it will play that section of the file as well. Yeah, if you want. Oh that one looks almost com just you need to The original, the very first one. Yeah. Um it will be in program. Where do I call your display? No, it is on your display. Um where it calls which one to get, you just need to change the flag. Um I think it must be, unless I it. Oh no, actually yeah, you can change it for in the summary when the summary gets called in program manager, you can do it. No, not yet. It's just picks the top-ranked ones at the moment. Yeah, the easiest thing is in programme manager, where it makes the summary. It's probably the best place to do it. It'll be above that. It'll be down. It's gonna be after the data manager's made. Yeah, that. A new summary. Yeah, th can't remember where I put it. Maybe it will be in s the summary constructor then. Yeah, try the summaries constructor. Well it reads them into separate arrays and then you can just change a flag to select one i which one it gives back. Yeah, if you want. Uh that should be fine. Yeah, I should make a new constructor that lets you set the flag. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's weird. On mine it complains about Okay. I think that to be honest is something we can worry about at the end. I mean that's quite trivial to change and we got a lot of other work to do. Yeah, we need to get on that pretty shortly, I think. Okay, so I'll need to do some changes to program manager to be able to handle um changing results. What kind of index? Take and make them in a hash map or something. Certainly for now, yeah. Yeah. Um well from the point of us developing it, it doesn't really make much difference. Um well at the moment it's just a an old file. It'd probably be, yeah, best to make a copy of it. I'd have thought. I don't think I'm gonna be able to do um the speech tools through Java native interface 'cause the documentation for them is horrific. It's really bad. So I think I'm thinking I'll just write out a script and do it with a system call. Not yet. Yeah, the I just don't think it's worth wasting too much time on it. Yeah. Hmm. I don't think it would take that long anyway. Yeah yeah. So yeah, it we just start everything after the summary's been created. It's not a big problem. Yeah. Um I don't think I'll need that really 'cause I'll just dump out a temporary file. I think we should decide what we want it to actually look like in the end. 'Cause are we gonna have some kind of tree view to represent the meetings and stuff? Because if if we're not then we'd probably have to make the graphical display display a bit more information. Mm. It's not too difficult to do and it's sort of a hack kind of way 'cause we can just treat it all as one meeting. But we'll just create like hard segments at the start and end of each meeting. Like ones that are red instead of black or something like that. Mm-hmm. So other than, yeah, other than well we'll just create a hard boundary in between each one so you can see the thing. Yeah. I mean that's quite a cheap way to do it. It might be possible to do it in the summariser. Yeah, it will still appear continuous on the display. So how are we gonna display the search for this corpus? Okay. Okay. How advanced are we gonna have our search? Because I definitely think we should restrict it to I think we should um be able to restrict it to specific speakers and things like that, but nothing too fancy. Oh i uh well, with a speaker I_D_. Yeah, in fact if someone could create a file with the speaker I_D_s and speaker names. that done? Okay. Where is it? Is it in the group directory? Okay. Yeah, it's um the data manager should be quite well documented. So you should be able to use that for the search quite easily. Uh from yeah, on the dialogue act level. I've not got it reading in the topic segments yet. Just 'cause that was lower priority. But yeah, all the you can get all the utterances. So where are gonna put the search results? If we move everything to the right a little bit and make a little bar on the left. Yeah, like the search results in there. Yeah yeah. Like we'll basi Yeah. We'll get something to print out their locations. So we'll arrange it in a nice little order. We Yeah. It's quite easy to do though. So I think we probably should. Uh we should try running that thing again, see what it does now. Or just delete or back-up it. Oh j so I can print obscene messages in the background to um standard output. It doesn't seem to work very well. It's capable of slowing down the audio, but speeding up doesn't seem to work at all. You have to pause it and play it for the. Yeah, that's uh their clock component. Oh, it's all part of the same component that does that. Uh no, we'd have to look in their code and see what it actually does. This thing is really bizarre. It slows it down a bit. The speed up doesn't seem to work. Yeah. Also their grasp of algebra is terrible. Well yeah, it shouldn't be minus two times, it should be half. 'Cause that'd be playing it backwards twice as quickly. Uh it should do, but you've probably gone past the end of the file. I don't know. I think it's just um it did do it. It's that bright selection. Be yeah uh Either that or another Something that might be quite cool is if you could um you know, like some applications, when you open a file, you get like a little preview. If we could do something like that that displays like a five line summary when you you're about to open the file or something like that. Hmm. Yeah. The summariser is quite quick. It could probably do it dynamically. Yeah, it'd look pretty and I'm not convinced you'd get any kind of good quality summary out of it in only five lines. But Another quite good thing might be um how are you do you know how easy it is to apply two tips to things in Java? I've never done it before. 'Cause what would be quite cool is if on this search result, you could give it each one a tool tip that had the context. Like the utterance before, the utterance itself and the utterance after. So that when you hovered over it But yeah, if we can get the tool tip, we should use it though. 'Cause I think it should be quite easy. Yeah, that's what I would have thought. Um it's quite common in like some applications. Yeah. Um all you need to do is just one value. Um the height, it doesn't change in value, does it? So if you just remember the colour that it was last at and you re-draw a line behind it of that colour and then the next one. No, right now it probably won't be that much benefit. Right now it probably won't be much benefit. So this is the component based evaluation he was talking about yesterday, isn't it? Yeah. Oh so that's a bit annoying, 'cause like it's my hope we could just go cobble something together and just say look it's great. Yeah. Yeah. I think they do 'cause that's the first um sixty percent or isn't it? 'Cause it's I thought they were thirty percent each. Only ten percent. I thought they're thirty. Yeah. 'Cause I think we'd rampantly underestimated how long it'd take to do the actual uh software engineering bit. See I'll probably just be starting stuff then 'cause I'll be starting the uh S_N_L_P_ thing and the D_M_ project. What are you doing for your D_M_ project? Oh. Is yeah, I kind of nicked the idea. He went about code M_L_. I'm gonna make one for guitar tablature. Yeah. But I I think it might have been bit off more than I could chew. So I think it's gonna be quite hard. Mm well tab doesn't usually have music notations, just um pitch information. Uh See how far I get anyway. Mm yeah. Well you can easy add a command line parameter. Mm. It may even return a file directly. Possible. Probably. Um the thing is, it I don't know. It doesn't really make sense to call it file open or anything like that 'cause that's it's more like an option. To set the par. Because it reads everything just from one file. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah, that did happen once before. Or even just the entire corpus. That's what um Colin's file has got. Does his? It's it's easy to load that much just text. Uh I think it makes more sense to go for the whole corpus because the meet the um the I_D_s gonna have gaps and stuff in them otherwise. And it means you have to read through the list of utterances when you're compiling all the data over and over and over and over again. Yeah. Yeah. Well a at the moment the main data i that's just uh uniquely numbered throughout the entire corpus. Well at the moment from the dump file, it's just got them uniquely numbered throughout the entire corpus. Hmm. And it makes more sense to do that anyway because um that means you got more flexibility with how you want to group them. And one thing you really don't want is ever to have two utterances that could potentially have the same I_D_. Yeah, but that's the point of the data manager is to manage all that. It's possible, but it's it's not really much point. 'Cause at the moment it's got quite nice property that the dialogue act number also coincides with the array index number in the array of dialogue acts, which is quite nice. Well you could you could choose whatever you wanted. But you may not be interested in the same series each time. You might want to display all meetings that had a particular phrase mention, say. And those might not be the ones that we enumerated as one meeting, in which case you're gonna have conflicting I_D_s and things like that. Whereas the da if you do it in the data manager, you can control any logic like that programmatically rather than doing it by hand and setting it in stone for all time. Well it's just good practice. Like it separates the data from the programme logic. What you're talking about doing is embedding some of the programme logic in the data. Yeah, but that's a decision we're forcing on the user when we don't have to. Yeah, I don't see why not. Yeah. I think it sh everything should be like that, continuous in chronological order. I'm not sure, I haven't really looked at the data. If there's no value, I guess you have to put a zero in. Yeah. Well it might be more sensible to assign it an average value. Well we'd w only use F_ zero when it was present though, wouldn't we? We well we'd want to use F_ zero when it's present. Yeah. Yeah, in the summariser it'd be the uh ideal place to do that. You could use um red green and blue to display up to three. Well, I don't know how to do it in Java. But The trouble is that hue isn't a very sensible scale. Like it comes up to like red two or three times and stuff like that. Or you could just split it into two blocks, I suppose, for now. Yeah. Well there's no reason why it can't swap meetings at the moment if the data's there for it. Yeah, that's most sensible way to do it, I think. Yeah, that's well, it's not reading that in yet, but that will be part of the data manager as well. Like there's access classes all defined for that. Yeah, it's in your file, isn't it? 'Cause each utterance has got an I_D_ associated with it. I don't know. So just keep yeah, just enumerate up for the next number. Three. Well that's what I meant is it's a bit pointless having it as file open 'cause it will be opening those files all the time. It's more sensible to have it as an option and the location of them. Or just so you can configure the the location of all the files as an option. But when it starts up it should just read them from the default place. Yeah, that makes sense. Oh, of course t there's no reason why we can't make a development version that displays both, has two win utterance windows and uh two graphical displays. I mean obviously you it'd have to pick which one to synch the clock to. To add another dialogue act window is really easy. Oh like say if you could make a um change to your thing so it could display uh like it in two halves. So like the top half one, the bottom half the other. Or maybe three actually. Maybe top half one, bottom half the other and the third one an average that we can change the parameters for. And then yeah, I could easily make it throw out three different dialogue acts. No, I'd just have two of them not synched up because it's just for evaluating the data. Oh right, yeah, I see what you mean. Oh no, no, it's still good, because um Oh no, it isn't. Yeah, I know what you mean. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose. No, hold on, you it wouldn't need three internal time scales, 'cause only one's synched to the clock or it c and the others are all absolute real time, aren't they. That's what's displayed on that, the bar, is real time, isn't it. So they would all be in the same time scale. No no, only one of them synchs, and two of them are just yeah. 'Cause it doesn't really matter. They synch up for the purpose of evaluating the data. Yeah. I mean not in the final version, just for now. Yeah. How easy would it be to make it so you can add arbitrary numbers of them do you think? No, like uh different measures to the display. Well that's the thing, if it's gonna take more than like an hour or something, it's not worth it. Yeah. Mm. But that's easy 'cause mine can take uh any number of parameters. Mine, I'll need to make a minor addition to the data manager and the summariser. But it's more or less ready to go with that. Okay. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah, should be easy. We could just make that rate be something completely different, just disconnect it from whatever it's doing, and then have that set the length of the summary or something like that. Mm. Well it doesn't it doesn't react to it being changed automatically. It only reacts when you press play at the moment. So you have to stop it and start it to make any effect. Mm. Yeah, I mean just disconnect it from whatever it sends the media player and connect it up to our summarisers. That makes different length summaries. 'Cause like we could make that not even have like a a real sort of meaning, just put like max and min. And the user can just like set it in-between wherever they want the uh without actually telling them what it actually means if you see what I mean. Yeah. We should certainly take away the labels that say minus four times as well. 'Cause that's incredibly unintuitive. Well But it won't make any huge changes, like it'll always have the ef the ability to read the original ones. But it might be quite cool to have a combined measure. Like just a weighted average is probably the most sensible way to about it and possibly thresholding it. No, it just takes the top like twenty or fifty or however many. Yeah. Um well I was gonna go to the gym at about three. So Or to be honest, like it's much quicker for me to get stuff done on my own. It'd make more sense for us to divide up spend a couple of hours dividing up tasks and then do them separately. Well it'll be after four then. 'Cause I'm gonna go at three. The gym. Okay. So meet say five till seven, that should be enough time. Because yeah, it's much quicker if we're both working separately, I think. 'Cause when we've been working together like I've just not got a lot done. And like when I go home I'll spend like the same amount of time and get loads done if you see what I mean. Yeah, okay. Okay. So you're gonna be up there as well then?