No. Yeah. Okay. I like the timeline. Uh, b Let me see it. Oh, that's the same. Oh. Very good. Um I'm not sure uh if we need the outline of the prototype. I mean what what are we gonna put into that? Yeah, because I mean that's basically what we're doing here, isn't it? The whole Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Um Yeah well, I mean it's up to you if you wanna keep going with that. I'm happy to do some as well. I have lots of time tonight. Um and then uh we'll send it to you and you can do the final revisions. I'm sure I know, you're always online. You always make me feel bad, because uh when I go to bed at like one, you're still online. You never go to bed. Yeah, you pretend. Always busy. Yeah, right. Yeah, so maybe Yeah. So Yeah. Yeah. Oh, there's more. Oh, I see. Oh, this is the one that okay. That's what I thought as well, I mean do we are we are we actually gonna attempt that? I don't think so either, yeah. I think that's gonna be a b we don't even know how to approach that at the moment, I think. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's right. Um um so maybe I mean we we should we should definitely well we could probably not put it under this heading, but put it under changes since the initial specification. And say, you know, we didn't we decided the the r time is too short, whatever. Yes,. Yeah. We would prefer to concentrate on the main And I think we should probably uh comment explicitly on the milestones here as well and say we managed to do M m meet these milestones at Yeah. Like, you know, develop prototype GUI. We t you know, ah yeah we managed that nicely. Uh Yeah, yeah. Yeah, put it put it good. Conceptually. And you can say yeah. We uh say we are still aiming for the development to be complete on the or something. M. Whoa. I yeah, I Yeah, that's right. I I really wanna do it. I mean it's not it's not gonna be difficult. If at least have all the information pop up that is already in the meta-data file. That's gonna be no work at all. So it's definitely gonna be something there. Yeah, it might turn out easier than thought. Um Yeah, sounds good. What else? We should probably d sorry, we should probably do another responsibility of packages as well. That's what he hinted that we should also um indicate who who is responsible for what from now on. Well you could put, you know yeah, I don't know. So um Have you managed any further on the search thing? Alright. That's nice. Yeah yeah yeah. So w is there um did you have you made uh another M_ browser? Is there something that I should Not since you looked at it last, no. But I will tonight, that's the point. No. After the weekend. Weekend was out. Mm-hmm, yeah, yeah. Well at the moment is there at the moment is there a window that comes up? Or is that a r a second results pane? Or is there, you know does the window get larger? What's there kind of what are you thinking? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. Yeah, I quite like the idea of a tab in that case. But you wouldn't want to compare the result the topic one topic result with one summary result, would you? Actually mm, yeah. Especially if you get if you get results for the same meeting. Maybe yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's true. Yeah. I mean we could we could order them by meeting, for example. How to order it. Yeah well, I mean uh if, you know, that's uh you even a second step, the first question is do we want to order them. How do we wanna order them in the first place. Yeah. Yeah, maybe we should do that. Yeah, m why don't you just um colour-code those. The results to three different colours. No, but if you If you if you do it straight from you know, you get th you get the result, and then there's some if statement saying s straight on the, you know, rock bottom lev level saying if th if you found a segment, then colour it print it in red or whatever, and As opposed to Oh right. Ah. Well, have a look. Oh, mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, I can imagine. Oh, oh, I see, yeah. You you have to use actions. Um yeah, I mean um at the moment it works it works with highlighting in in the transcript window, doesn't it? So What do you mean it should work with anything? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I mean the whole um the m what fills the transcription box and all of these boxes is a special sort of pane made by NITE. So I am not sure what it's called now. Um Um some Um no, but I know what it's called. And that comes with a whole load of highlighting extras as well. As I said, you know, if you if you left-click on something for example, it highlights automatically. So maybe it comes with something clever as well. Yeah. No, I'm sure it hasn't got pane in it. NITE I don't know, text text yeah, something like that. Might yep. NOM text there is alright. Yeah, why what's NOM anyway? NITE Oh. Why do you why do we want it in X_M_L_ there? I mean I thought we'd we'd just selectively selectively write the X_M_L_ that we've got. So as as opposed to Yeah t Yeah, only only print out certain um certain segments, the segments that we want just selectively. At the moment it prints out all of them. We'll just put an if loop in it that leaves out some of the print statements. Not not store it at all whatsoever. Because Oh right. Yeah. So what? Yeah, yeah, you don't really need to do much more with it. Yeah, that's right. I don't think it's gonna take long to to produce anyway. It's just another um I mean these meetings are not endlessly long, it's just words, and to print all of them out selectively Yeah. Yeah. Um You could nearly do it together with with uh the transcription with the original transcription, have them run parallel. So if certain, you know if it's a proper word, print it on both both panes, and if it's not a proper word, then print it only on one. But I mean that's that's, you know, fancy, but But um Yeah. Yeah. But then you know, the the b the good way of doing it um not together is that you if someone doesn't wanna look at the the, you know, the chop file, then you don't ever have to produce it.. So But I mean you can, you know, you can write we can write something like um we'll try and do it on the fly and and observe if if that gonna is gonna take too long. If it's gonna take too long, we'll think about writing it to a file and doing it off-line. Yeah, i um. Oh right. Yeah. Hmm. Mm. That's what programming is all about, I'm afraid. Yeah. Maybe. That's the higher people. Well, I mean yeah, why don't you put both of both of those ideas in into that that paragraph and say you'll have a look at both or something, if you wanna do it. I I personally don't wanna mess with uh writing files or anything the moment. I wanna do it superficially. Yeah. Yeah. Well it has already learned it anyway. Yep. Yep. So should we all write um a letter or two about future work as well? A word or two. Oh right. Yeah, well maybe you could Maybe you could split that up and Yeah, like here is what we've done already, and then, you know, down here Mm. Maybe. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. Mm yeah, maybe you're right. No. Sounds good. Anything else anyone wants to talk about? We're all half-asleep, aren't we? Burnt out. What. Huh. Maybe asleep. But uh So we're all still writing our um summaries, sending them to you, you send it on to Pernilla. How kind. Yeah. Yeah. And then send it on to us so we can nod. Okay. Sounds good. I haven't used my pen. Oh God.