I mean if you're ever, you know, late 'cause of that, it's not we'll find a way around it. And I've put you guys on Mondays at this time for my convenience, but it's not like it's important that Really? I really? Great. I was th so what'd they have to do, back up? Ah. Nasty. Yeah, yeah. Go i we're glad they'll look after that bit. Uh I don't know. Do we wanna look at anything? It's not up yet. I can Oh I don't know what it's doing. Oops, that fell off. Doesn't like silk. Stay. And now we're gonna discover we've got no reason to meet, right. 'Cause everything's going swimmingly. Oh. 'Cause uh I haven't been I haven't read the Wikis in my email since I left. So um Oh yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Um the oh, well um I don't know the Mozilla stuff. So if it turns out that it's idiosyncratic in some way that teaches you funny habits, then it won't have been a good idea. So Yeah, yeah. Uh well y th there are certain companies um that I don't wanna name who don't always get it right. I c but m yeah, Mozilla. Yeah, it'll be alright. So okay. I believe you now, it's a good strategy. Mm-hmm. Uh wh why does it help that it's X_T_ H_T_M_L_ instead of just X_M_L_? Yeah, but most m most browsers, when when you uh put an X_M_L_ file up in it, it'll just apply some default style sheet to it anyway that shows you Okay, yeah. Okay, so all you're gonna have to do is swap in tag names later. Okay. Ev everybody's got their different ways of doing these things. I'm sure that's fine. Like having to uh g it's Yeah. No, I'm just try I'm trying to l think of the things that could go wrong. Um but since I haven't tried it this particular way, you know, um but yeah, that sounds good. So um i so you say we haven't finalised what the G_D_F_ looks like. Is that an implicit request for me to do something? Or Uh-huh. Yeah. As a well, I mean there's two two cases in here, right. There's things you can get straight off the original format, and then there's things you have to do some kind of post-processing of the original format. But it's not just a data format change, it's actually some kind of computational process to get the thing out of it as well, right? And it wasn't uh y I think it was a little bit um confused uh last time we spoke about um whether U whether you consider G_D_F_ format to be um the thing that's just the straight-forward translations of what's in the original eye-tracking output, or whether like whether the post-processing utilities are a separate step. 'Cause I think you and I had separate different views on this, but I can't remember w who had which view at this point. So y are you working uh actively on this anal these analysis things or you just working on the translation? Uh so the data format translation. Oh okay. So you haven't looked at what's in there and what isn't in there that you need to do some really intensive transform to do. Not yet, oh okay. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. So this sounds like it's under control and you're happy and you guys are telling each other what you guys need to know. So I don't need to do anything, right. You're all fine. But there was a number of things that came before this, right, that it sounds like they're not under control yet. So so you know, the G_D_F_ stuff with so i Ellen's view on this is we go through everything in order. Like the priority is exactly the pipe-line order, right? So um Camtasia you mentioned. And I'm not sure what else, but we should check what other things were before this on the list of things to do. Until you get the oh, microphones. Batteries. Okay, uh are they really really strange batteries? Have you tried Maplin? Are they expensive? 'Cause you know, like a wee bus journey over to Maplin might solve the problem if it's getting in the way. So this isn't actually um ruining your schedule for anything, and that's why you're waiting. Right, okay. It is i so it sounds like you're not actually worried about the fact that this is the m yeah. When you get worried, go to Maplin, okay. Phone them first to make sure that they're in there. Somebody around must have a uh probably Steve. Somebody in the techie group will have a Maplin catalogue. Fact, I'll see if I can um yeah, it's useful to know who's got a current one anyway. I don't seem to get them anymore. I guess I don't buy enough equipment. Oh yeah. Of course. Duh. So you can find out whether they have it. But you'd have to phone over to find out if they have it in stock down there. I actually live not that far from there. Um so it would be a half hour um diversion from my morning routine to pick up stuff. Uh w but then again, it's also very close to Haymarket, so it's even less of a diversion for you, probably. Except you don't know your way around. Ah yeah. Oh yeah, c yeah. Yeah. I just think well, you know, for the sake of three quid or however many quid it how many batteries does this thing take? Doesn't take a hundred. Yeah, then, you know, put your mind at rest. 'Cause, you know, you wouldn't want it to be the morning you were supposed to be recording and then suddenly discover yeah. You know this. Uh check they got 'em first though. Their stocks are a bit funny down there. 'Cause you know, it's not that attractive an area to walk through if you're not gonna get anything out of it. So of all the things that were on the Wiki do I need to pull up the Wiki? Ah, it is gonna let me log in. No, I do not wanna change my password. Um But you guys probably know off the top of your head, is there anything else that we we we were waiting on before you could run? So all those tasks Craig had when it started. Uh his last day was the thirty first of October. Uh yeah, no no. It's ours. Yeah, it's ours. Oh, so he's got ours left.He's behind-hand. But no, he was billing for he was billing by the hour. So I thought well, I mean obviously if he wants to finish off then you know. I b Oh well they're probably away then. Wasn't Ellen away? They're really at the same place. Oh, yeah it could be it. Oh, you have no models at all. Oh, that's a pity. Model buil builder, that's what I was calling the graphical model editor, right? So you use X_ fig to make the parts and then you this thing. Oh okay. Yep. Okay. Um I have something in my email about from Joe. Uh he wouldn't have sent it just to me, would he? Do you want me to check that? I'm not gonna project my email. Okay, I think I mighta heard Thursday or something. I can't remember exactly when it was. Uh Okay, so I've got something on the twenty eighth. That's Friday I think. Oh, he just wants to know how to get paid. Right. That suggests he's done done done. Anyway, he's in Edinburgh. So well I suppose he won't come by 'cause Craig's on his desk. Yeah. So Well, he's just not gonna try to le squat there, that's all. Uh well I so the last thing I've got from him about work work was the nineteenth of October that said he uploaded some changes that you wanted. That's Oh, so you didn't get that. It was me and him. But presumably the he put it on the Wiki. So So he's just telling us 'cause he things we probably don't read Wikis. And I'll just check. Yeah. Well I I haven't replied to him about yeah, I really don't have anything more more recent from him. S I haven't replied to him about um you know, how to submit costs and stuff like that. So um but that suggests he's at at the end of things, but w we could just ask him. I mean maybe you guys would just wanna ask him directly you're done done, right? 'Cause um it's worth you guys knowing. And then of course any problems that remain you inherit. Uh right, you know, it's worth taking a look at what it does and making sure it does what you want, I guess. So th the problem is you want you wanted to construct some models in it for your experiment but you were hoping to get some from Marloes. Ah yeah, yeah. Right, have you you tried cold-calling her? That's what I do when I need things that Ach, try phone. When i if you get 'em today, when are you gonna start running? Oh right. So you have to be you have to be ready by then. Yeah, or re change the schedule. Right, okay. Uh-huh, yeah. Makes sense. Um subjects, you're gonna have d Yeah. So s y y you don't have subjects lined up, but you don't expect any trouble getting them. Mm-hmm. Yeah. By? Um I don't know this person. So they well, they need to be serious about it. Who who's their is that a staff member or a student? Okay. Um well, we kinda paid for the lab. So it depends, but I suppose talking to them sometimes solves these problems. Um you might it depends on what sort of staff member is it? Is it a Right. Um I mean presumably he or she is not running subjects the entire Block book for how long? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Um so uh um Ellen's still out of town, right? It's just uh y you could try calling this person and see how this works. Ellen might be more persuasive. Um it's just sometimes uh academic staff have a bit of a chip about um research staff. And since I don't know the person, I can't tell whether it's one of those or not. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and then escalate, I guess. But uh, you know, or whether they can be put off for a little bit or something. So I have no idea how the booking system works. Well, you're discussing it on Thursday, right? At the moment, there's just a booking system. Yeah. Yep. Well that's that's one to raise at the meeting. Um I v might talk to Ellen about that ahead of time 'cause uh they may have she and Martin may have had discussions about appropriate use of the lab. Oh really? Yeah, but I g don't you guys set up for isn't block-booking more appropriate? Because I i isn't there set-up involved in changing around for somebody else? No? Or in the software or anything? Okay. So there's no cost associated with it being mornings or afternoons. Yeah. S so in the worst case um you may be able to make an argument if you actually need that week that you can collect in the mornings that week. Is this something that's known outside Ellen's head? It's on the w booking system. Oh well. That's something. Uh-huh. Well, most the time to to p yeah. So it sounds like you've got a lot of possible ways of getting what time you need. Of course try to be kind to other people. But you would anyway. So So those are the only things that are worrying you, Camtasia and lab access. And otherwise no sweat, you're happy. Oh and the model builders, yeah. Oh yeah. H uh-huh. These this is gonna take a little while. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but you were gonna try and figure out how to overlay something on top of the video that or no, you were just g really gonna run a video of the sep of the trial. Yeah, okay. That's that's much easier. So um with the model-builder, what do you need to do with it? Th the um which one you is gonna look at what it does so far and you'll just t try out do that. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Um how many models were you relying on her for? So are you suddenly gonna be Well, what I'm trying to get at is is your start time gonna be delayed 'cause you don't have the models ready if she doesn't come through? Uh-huh. Yeah. Well Um can you draft Craig in to build some if necessary? Yeah. Well you know me contingency planning and all this. I always worry about the worst. You can um call a JAST telcon between you and Marloes. You know, i if it's not that see, you know, with the cold calling you can usually at least find out whether they're alive and get an an offer to to get something. But, you know, the next the next escalation is saying no we really need to talk about this. We're gonna talk about it, you know, Tuesday, at such such a time unless you um But presumably whatever it is they've been going through is now over. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I d I'd just hate for that to c um to slow you up in collecting stuff, that's all. Obvious yeah, uh okay, that's true. Well that sounds That's quite a small thing she can do for you, I guess. You know. It's not like, you know, w sitting there brain deadly constructing, you know, some models that she needs to do. It's just to provide advice about this, which must take take less time. Well, that all sounds fine. You guys worried about it? You worried about anything? We've mostly been talking about the experiment schedule. So. Mm. You're gonna run out of things to um f do that we haven't set you up for any time soon. The G_D_F_ sounds like it might take a wee while. Yeah, but you don't need anything from me for that, 'cause that's already sorta speced. I mean again that's the pair of you. Yeah. It's just what I'm worrying it w worried about is him being in the lab all day long and you not being sure like what to do for the analysis on or something. 'Cause you're gonna be completely unavailable when you're recording? Or will there be times when you don't record all day. Uh-huh. Yeah. 'Cause he might oh yeah, no no no, I understand that. It was it was more like oh, it was more like, you know, you so this week he's got, you know, the G_D_F_ stuff to do. Then next week you're planning on recording. And what happens if suddenly you're unavailable all of next week just when he runs out of work? Yeah. So so we'll worry about it then. Mm-hmm, yeah. Yeah. What I do don't know is we wanna bother with a part builder. I mean the idea was it wasn't worth the investment, right? Yeah yeah yeah. Or Do y M yeah, but now now that the guy building these models know that they need to do the rotsym some stuff, do they have do you have trouble doing it? No, so Yeah. Well g I mean um we might want to um severely cash limit the investment that you put into making a part builder, right? So how how many person days would it be worth, like if Craig discovered it could be done in X_ days Right, so there's your limit. Don't spend more than a day or two on it. Yeah uh 'cause it really isn't worth it. You you have to understand there's things about this project we've hidden from you so far that you'll have to learn about. So it's it's not like you're out of work. Oh really? Oh, that one'll just be a little add-on. That'll whatever it is, it'll be the same skills as you've learned for something else. Um and it'll just be I'm not even sure that's you 'cause I think somebody else is doing that actually. But um I'm thinking more of the fact that um at some point we should probably tell you about this N_X_T_ stuff. So Oh, yeah yeah yeah. But you know, there's X_M_L_ and X_M_L_ and, you know. It takes stand-off links and stuff and it's um some some people if they're not used to linguistic annotation c um uh it c take a little time to get their head around the way the do data data model works. And um, you know, there's stuff to learn there. So Yeah, yeah. Yep. So Yeah. So just don't witter away, you know, weeks on fripperies when we've got the real me meat of this yet to come. We'll find we'll find plenty of really really crucial s things for you to do. So Okay. So uh I'll uh remind myself to look at what's next before the next time we get together. Yeah. So you collect on Monday? That means you don't wanna meet, right? Oh, r right, it's actually next week. It's actually the week that you were planning on. Oh okay. Well, I don't know. Anyway um you'll tell me whether it we cancel this. Or whether I just talk to Craig. In which case we won't be up here 'cause we don't record twos. Oh yeah. That should be fun. Let's see, that's like the That comes at an ideal time for you then. That's like the twentieth or something. Uh I can't add. Monday is the Yeah. Oh yeah, you have to promise to tell us how that is. 'Cause people do ask me. Yeah, on a scale of one to seven. Yeah. Yeah, you'd be surpri these things do Well, if they were gonna do that then they'd force you to go to it. I would and I would know somebody who'd gone to know. You know. I'm pretty sure they didn't have induction in my day. So Really? But you only started here They were supposed to, I'm sure. Oh well. Oh yeah. Uh Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Seems reasonable. So um it'll be like in uh monitor. But yeah, they'll all be different tiers like that. And then there's the language stuff as well presumably. Yeah, this is the easy stuff. Yeah. Well, eyes and mouse. Eyes and mice. Uh-huh. And that's enough for you, right? I mean that's just the way you want it. Course there are lot lots of things that can do that. But it's the language part that's the hard part. Yeah. Yeah, that's That seems fine, yeah. Do you know what the um the sets of codes are? Well the whatev whatever whatever you're getting out of the JAST analyser. So I mean blinks as well, right? Oh so you don't want a pa uh part of this data? Aye. But I think you I think you should well, there's two views on this. Um if you do then the people formulating research questions will ask about them. But if you don't they'll probably ask about them anyway and then you'll have to add 'em after the fact. Uh so it's probably easier just to s shove 'em in. You can stick 'em in a different um track and uh and then load 'em or not load 'em as you please. 'Cause it's not well, I don't know. With is it is it part of so th these are mutually exclusive and exhaustive sets of codes against time, right? Isn't blink a part of this? Yeah. But but isn't that important? Because when they're blinking, basically it's like an a nil code. You c can't find out what they're doing otherwise. So it may actually be important to have the blinks registered in there because you may discover you need to take them into account to smooth some kind of analysis that you're doing. So it could be that if they only they hadn't had a blink just then, they would've been I don't know what. I'm thinking more That you wanna know about. Oh, I hope n not to much relies on missing stuff 'cause people blink. I was thinking more like um, you know, the person looks a p a part and they've got a uh fixation before and after and there's blink in the middle. And, you know, there may be times when you wanna treat that as one thing, right. Oh right. Okay. So but in that case Right, uh-huh. In that case then um these tiers are already like blink corrected. And then you wouldn't have blinks as part of this. You'd want blinks as a separate tier if you're gonna have it in. Yeah. Yeah, so the key thing is he here is mutually exclusive and exhaustive. And um the second key thing is um it better be really clear to the people who are dealing with these codes um uh w yeah, whether any monkey business has been done around the blinks to correct for that. Um 'cause, you know, it wouldn't necessarily be obvious looking at that set of codes that Uh yeah, I suppose if you know about eye trackers then you'll just know. But It I think you're just saying it comes out of the eye tracker already, right? They're already blink-corrected. Yeah. Yeah. But what we need to know is like at what stage in the eye tracking stuff where it does that and whether that gets through so that um Craig gets it automatically in what he's translating or to G_D_F_. Whether he needs to redo the same analysis because something about the data path cuts off that analysis for the eye tracker. Or whether we even like it, right, and wanna do it some different way. Yeah. But it could be these things are corrected for blinks in this way plus there's blink information. So, you know, it it treats it as a fixation around blinks and it also just happens to tell you where the blinks are. 'Cause as they were saying, they like to use blink rate as measures of cognitive difficulty or something. So If they're not still fixating on it when they come back out of the blink, then why is that is that the right thing to do analytically? Oh right. Yeah, you said that. Well, but does um the duration of fixations count for anything? 'Cause it if you're just adding the length of the blink to the fixation, you're not treating it as a saccade. Okay. Wait. Okay. I kinda get this. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. So more complicated than I thought. I'd forgotten about the multiple fixations on an object. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's not okay, I mean this is kinda what we were talking about before, this confusion about what's in the G_D_F_. I mean you might see it as the initial G_D_F_ is just whatever straight-forwardly translates without, you know, without transforms, with just the data format changing from the ASCII. And then there's a bunch of other things that get added that you might still want to be in um augmented G_D_F_ format, you know, like this blink and the gaze and whatever else. And then you translate to N_X_T_. So you might still wanna have everything in this one G_D_F_ file format that represents everything. And then the N_X_T_ thing is just a splitter. It's not doing any fancy analysis. So I see this as, you know, a bunch of little routines that take the the G_D_F_ without this information in it and add new information into th sub-script versions of the G_D_F_ file that contains these post-process analyses. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it to some extent it doesn't matter which data format it's in, N_X_T_ or G_D_F_. But it makes more sense for the converter between G_D_F_ and N_X_T_ not to add any data. All it does is do this this stupid data format conversion. And it it's just, you know, separating it out in the little steps. So, you know, there have to be these other scripts that add any um data transforms um not data format transform forms, but data transforms. Like this idea of um of putting together gazes from fixations. So y you know, i if we keep it simpler like that so that it's in little pieces, then it'll be just easier to understand w what the wh the whole thing does. 'Cause you you c you know, i if suddenly you discover there's a problem with the G_D_F_ to N_X_T_ transform, you wanna know whether it's one of these little post-processes going wrong or whether it's just the thing that dumps it into the multiple files for the and G_D_F_ to N_X_T_ transform is c is pretty simple. So um, you know Oh yeah. So that's like all the analysis that you need to do to things. Are you just gonna copy what they do? Or Is it documented like why they did it they way they did it? Or is it just Well it's good starting point, right. So it'd be interesting to see if you agree with the decisions that they made about how to do things. Mm. Ah. Well b but we don't wanna build it into our data path. We just wanna learn from it, I think, right? Correct? Or no? Yeah. I'm just thinking, you know, like i so this takes the ASCII to to a d simplified ASCII. And simplified in with transforms in it ASCII and it's just it seems to be harder to maintain something that's got that in it if it'd be better to break things up into like steps. That you know, as part of the the and als Well why do I think this? I don't know, because it's somebody else's programme and then they're gonna give us the next version and that's gonna break our entire pipeline. You know. That's the main reason. Yeah. Uh yeah, I can imagine I can imagine that also requiring some discussion about whether what they do is what we actually wanna do. That should be interesting. Uh Uh-huh. Well, sounds good. Yeah. And if in doubt um don't filter stuff out, keep it in, right. 'Cause we always dump it to this other N_X_T_ track that we don't need to load necessarily. So um the idea is you just keep stuff unless Mm-hmm. Oh yeah, and it's easy enough to dump stuff into an into separate track. W we gotta teach you about this at some point though. So um but still not quite sure when. It sounds like maybe in another week. So Jonathan made me promise not to um tell you about it when you first arrived 'cause you were gonna get overload about learning eye trackers and No. It's just too many things at once and it wasn't important that it be then. Yeah. So Yeah. He's a cool customer. He's ready for it. Okay. I think we're done, right. Sorry? Oh yeah, I don't know. I do not really need to this just says look at the Wiki. Find out what's next. You could give give Craig more work to do. This one's mine. It Oh yeah, well that'll take forever. That's that's really fun. Check your batteries.