'Kay. Hmm. Did you wanna take a look at comments. There's more uh Yeah. Oh? Okay. Excellent. Okay, right, see ya. Okay. Yeah. Mm. 'Kay. Um one thing that I was wondering, is there a standard control that you use to connect the different things? Like if you're in a topic and it goes and highlights the topic in the text or whatever, is there a particular type of control that like is there one of these N_X_T_ or sorry, um NITE controls? N_O_M_ or Okay. Mm. You haven't had to build any new windows to do that sort of thing. Like other topics or well we're gonna do one for speaker I guess and all the rest, right? Or no? No. Well okay, um when we talk about speaker characterization, how are we accessing the list of speakers? Okay. Right. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Actually, I know, that might also help. Like when he was talking about like have an architecture that things are gonna plug into, I mean so that things are all modular, I mean it would be a good idea if we used that same idea for anything else we do. Or what else are we doing? Um actually even the searches or whatever, you know, just any sort of thing. I mean search results, if they're all in a predictable thing with a name, certain properties or a list of properties, a vector. Whatever. Um Mm right. H um yeah. Yeah. Just a matter of deciding what we what would be easiest, all the way around I mean. Oh. Right. Okay. Strange. Right. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So each time are you going straight to the X_M_L_ files for for the information or right. Oh well. Oh, I see. Okay, I see. Okay, right. Right, okay. So it's all just pre-processed and just okay. Thanks. Right. Okay. Right. Okay. That's cool. Yeah, right. Right. Is this is it for the entire corpus? Or is it just like individual ones, like t one fi one object for okay. That's nice. Oh, each meeting, okay. Alright. Wonder if that would be useful for some of the other stuff we're doing. Well, yeah. No. No no. Just Right, okay. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Or just return a null or a blank or a blank string or something, yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Alright. Yeah. Right. Okay. It's a good idea. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Actually I can up-load my stuff as well, I just have to make one change to your file. Just to load this one instead of the the default. So it's two lines of code. So Um what do you mean? Well yeah, just the one thing that's like the action for loading up the search thing. Yeah. Well your version, yeah, yeah. Yes. No. I did in my directory, just uh just do that, yeah. Um I have a copy, yes. I'm yeah. But I will yeah, I was going to update that one just 'cause yeah, it just makes sense that then you then you can test out yeah. Right. Right, yeah, and then update. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't I haven't made any changes to it yet. So yeah. Um yeah, I'll just make that one and I'll let you know. 'Cause yeah, like I say, two lines of code, if that. So, anyways um and then you can play. There's not much to do yet. But Have to get better results, like better presented. Yeah. Yeah, and just um to wire in the the topics and uh summaries. So um yeah, that's pr Well, also yeah, like that, that as well. So yeah. Yeah. just wanna find out what kind of objects those were that um for the other ones. So It goes in and highlights, 'cause that's I know. Hmm. Oh yeah? Okay. Right. Okay. Okay, sounds good. Um so yeah, just a few more things to do with that and then uh once Pernilla gets the uh the index, um then that's gonna be kind of fun. Like I'm just wondering, have you had to well the way you're doi I was gonna ask if the way you were doing it, you were loading like a new corpus each time for each meeting, but you're doing the objects. So you don't need to just uh 'cause if we're if we do have t like if the inverted search says that there's, you know, ten documents, are we gonna have to load each of these ten corp corpora just to um do the individual next uh N_X_T_ search? Yeah, I think probably, yeah. Are you serious? That's a Yeah, okay. That's insane. 'Kay. Right, okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. Okay. Hmm. Or just or is it more like right. Oh right, yeah, exactly. It doesn't take too long, no. Just we have to yeah, while we're debugging we'll probably be getting sick of it. Um but no, or something that just sort of guides them to the most obvious things. Yeah. Hmm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right. Mm should mm. Yeah. I was just gonna ask if we should assume that they all wanna load a meeting first, but not necessarily. I guess if they're doing a search on the entire, yeah, corpus. Yeah, that kinda makes sense. Right. Well we can put the logic in a, yeah. I could probably even that s shouldn't be too hard to put a check in there. And if it hasn't loaded then force him to load one. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Unless they know what meeting it is. Well yeah, it's hard to Yeah. Yeah. Or well the things they may n just be looking for a word or whate you know, like and if it shows up ten different meetings, then at that point they'll probably wanna like we do we want to like if it dumped by default goes with the first one and they want number five of the ones that are returned, I mean then they have to go through the Well no, t like to load up Like the thing is that I think Uh like when it loads up it'll load up the transcript window and the, whatever, other window. Right now I think just the topic ones. Um Although the time is probably more um caused by loading the actual data. So I'm just thinking if it's kinda like you were saying, you have to have a nom object, right? I mean before you do a search at all on this. Yeah. Okay, right, yeah. That's true, yeah. Yeah, but the okay, the global one feeds into the local. Um so if we're getting any usable data it's it's gonna be doing a search on each of those files. So it's gonna be loading up each of those one at a time to get the data that we wanna Right. But it's it could be time consuming, like if there are ten documents that hit with this thing, then Oh. Um yeah, well I'm j just thinking of some way we could, you know, st cash the results and in a nice little format that'll make things a bit easier. But the thing is I mean if we've got that, then it's gonna be needing really really to load the entire corpus for that meeting, if uh if it's trying to show us where those were, if it's trying to highlight those in the text, transcript or whatever. And we're gonna have to have all that other data in there. So each time when we have a she search window and we have like, you know, ten different meetings, you know, with the word wireless comes up, go to meeting one, then it has to reload the nom object. Next one. I mean that's gonna that could be yeah? Okay, right. It always seems to be slow loading up the first time at least, like that's all I I've been doing lately is just sort of loading it up, test it, try something else and then shut down, load it up. But So um so just sorta based on that as a yeah. But uh if it doesn't take that long each time, then that should be f alright. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. That Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. And that way if they know specifically which meaning it is then that'll save the time. Because I'm sure they don't wanna have the extra loading time either if they could avoid it. So yeah, or they could check mark against the ones they wanna check. So Well I think they were in the text. We can probably do that ourselves and just sort of B_D_B_, you know, just do a a string. Yeah, the long names. Yeah, yeah. Like the the working group that it's part of. Yeah. That probably even might have a. Yeah. Yeah, right. See if it's accurate. Um do we actually need the uh the frequencies? Yeah? Oh right, that. Right. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Well thing is if it's being done, there were there was Yeah. There's a @'s trying to get uh to work on Friday. Um they did have all that and it was sorta built in and just uh had some trouble getting it running properly. Um but it had sort of all that standard sort of stuff, but it w it last I heard it wasn't working. So She was gonna look at, you know, more straight-forward sorta thing that really just fulfils what we need it to do. But if we need the if we do need the frequencies, then Um I don't know. Um well it was would've been like a list of What's it stand for? Hmm. Mm. Well the corpus yeah. So yeah, the probably probably term frequency. Yeah, so the general one is pr yeah, yeah. Right. Actually what's the I_ in T_F_I_D_F_? Really? Okay. Oh yeah? Alright. Yeah. Uh-huh Right. Oh yeah. Well do we need to? I mean we're just looking oh, for for your s for your stuff I guess, yeah. For topic with Um Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. I don't think we had that in the the document. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I know. Hmm. Right. Yeah, b nice to have. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm. Well I don't know. Actually 'cause the thing is I mean typically yeah. But th um the thing is we're just looking for when it happens in a meeting, if they're looking for particular term or something, they just wanna know if that term exists there and where does it exist and I wanna see it, you know. Yeah. 'Kay. But if it's like a two word term, does the T_F_I_D_F_ handle that? It's not a compound noun, it's just two words together. Um in f I don't know. I don't know. Just something like uh Edinburgh University. Yeah. Well, essentially, I don't know. Or sunny day. You know. Hmm. Let's not make it more complicated. Yeah. Because the thing is the thing is that the way we were doing it we were just looking for the words, period, each word in the um in the index. Well that's way we were thinking about it. And then then it's just saying were these two words in in any of these documents, and then if it was then we go closer and do the the N_X_T_ search uh to look for the exact term or the regular expression or whatever. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Or we choose the list of meetings that we wanted to search to do that. So yeah. Um Like I'm just wondering if if it's gonna give us something cool, then yeah, absolutely, but if it's sort like if the N_X_T_ search has still gotta be run to find these terms or these, you know, these patterns, then uh Or also like do um wild cards work for something like that? So if you're looking for wireless, wired, wire, blah, blah, blah, you do wire with a star and um no? Not y actually, that's a problem for me too. So Or Pernilla. And uh Yeah, 'cause Actually it should work, yeah. Okay, then I'm just yeah. Sure that's not too bad. Oh yeah. Oh yeah? Okay.. Yeah, I've got uh somewhere P_D_F_. Yeah, what if it's yeah. Do the P_D_F_s, switch it to Postscript, switch it back to P_D_F_, and then Don't know. Okay, so that's okay, that might be good. Alright. Okay. Oh, I thought we sort of dis you know what I mean. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Or attended, yeah. P probably for the most part, I mean there'll be a set of people that do, and then a sub-set for each meeting probably. Search for stuff or start working or No. Or or browse okay, like search, browse um Like if you're looking for something speci like, is that what you're thinking? Like if they if they know exactly where they wanna go, they wanna go to, you know, that meeting on December third, and they just wanna go there and see stuff, then they can immediately go and browse that. Um Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Browse by meeting, browse by blah, browse by speaker. Like did no, I'm just thinking of different ways we can do that, like different buttons on the top. Like if they're looking for particular person, particular working group, particular whatever, I mean we just uh we could break things down like that to that level of detail if we want. Or we could keep a more general. Yeah. Um yeah, but I'm just thinking like initially, when they load up. What are the range of things that they'd wanna do? Like if they're part of X_ working group, they'll wanna get in there. Um do we wanna save preferences? Well, if they're part of B_D_B_ working group, they're gonna wanna look at the B_D_B_ ones and so we'd default to that. Or don't know. Based on what they did the last time. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah, okay, right. Yeah. Yeah, okay yeah, that's yeah. Right. What was that? Yeah, exactly. I forget. Right. Um okay. Well no I'm just getting back to sorta what could be on the the start-up screen. Like there is just a range of things we could do, we could have like search options, browse options. I mean just I don't know, just playing around with ideas. Um and then we can tie this into our evaluation uh tasks and say well if you want to search for a meeting or search for a user in a particular meeting, then do this, blah blah blah. So we can, yeah, sort of um, you know, guide them. And just like hey, my task is to do this and there's a button for it. Oh, p perfect. You know. You know. I don't know. No no, that's not what I'm suggesting. No, I'm just saying like these are just like a lot of programmes well kind of lame programmes do have that sort of thing first, just 'cause they don't want people to have to go through all the menus and search themselves and just like do commonly used tasks or just exit and just let me use the programme, you know, as well. So Probably or search something. Yeah. Yeah, like find specific meeting. You know, that's an easy sort of thing and. Mm. Mm-hmm. Fits his criteria. Well we don't actually have user names, do we? Aren't there all these codes like AMI eleven or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. In a case like that we do want drop-down. We don't want them to type them, do we? Okay. Um and allow multiple? No. Okay, you're just looking for one specific speaker, right? Yeah. Okay. Alright. Oh for speakers. M Oh. Mm-hmm. A tool tip. Mm-hmm. Yeah. 'Cause Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just so yeah. That's like nice and easy. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Right. Just yeah. Just but it's I think in that case it's the wr write corpus? Is that what it is? Writable corpus or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And N_X_T_ something and Oh. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Area, yeah. Yeah, drove you crazy. Oh God. Hmm. Um not really, just gonna keep on going. Like Friday afternoon or something? Okay. Then we won't have to have the meeting with Steve on Tuesday. Or at all. Yeah. So Do we wanna arrange this get this one earlier maybe? Three or I don't know. Yeah, that's true. True. Mm 'kay, yeah, sure. Um Hmm. Possibly, I don't know. Usually by then it's need a break. Um although well, I don't know, 'cause it's the lab and try and get some work done for the the lab stuff. Yeah. Oh, okay. Ten to two. Or th three o'clock? Or no or you wanna get out. Get away. Okay, right. 'Cause I think she's got a class at eleven. We've all got cla well three of us have class at twelve. Um could go Or if we could try one. We could try shortly after. Well yea yeah well yeah. Well it wouldn't be a long meeting then. Or no. Would you wanna no, probably not. If one's bad for you, then it won't okay. Right, okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay.. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Um there's just sorta the basic implementation stuff that I was wondering about. But um no, it should be fine. Um it's just progressing. Um we d did we decide whether it should be ranked? No? For now. 'Cause Yeah. Well I d I kinda think it would complicate things quite a bit and not bring us a lot. Just because if it is like independently doing the words for a particular document, it's not it's not really getting them together. Like if someone's looking for a particular term. Um I don't know, it just I just don't know if it would bring us that much. How so? If if if they're looking for, like I say, sunny day and, you know, sunny shows up in this document, day shows up, but they're not together. Um or if if they are toge I don't know, it just doesn't you're looking for that term and relevance is kind of irrelevant because if the term shows up, it shows up. Hmm. Right. In in that sense for single for single word yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, create a new yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, but you still have to do the search. You still have to do the N_X_T_ search then, right? If if it doesn't show up. Yeah, yeah, I know. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, it'll yeah,, yeah. Well it wouldn't show up on the search results if it if it didn't exist together. So Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We'll have we'll have to talk to Pernilla about this then, just 'cause uh see how she's uh doing this. 'Cause if we are using that, I mean it does make sense for that, but uh yeah, and just actually yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's sorta what is yeah, that's true. Well the thing is also I mean if it's well yeah. Yeah okay, I see what you mean. Um and then we could actually put that like on the list of um meetings that r get returned. If there were fifteen meetings with language is in, then it's gonna show you those and rank them as to which is the highest. So okay, I see that. Hmm. Yeah. Well the thing is I mean that'll be exactly how we're doing it now, like we're just looking for the two words separately, see if they exist in the same document. If they do, then there's a possibility that they c occur together. And then we do the N_X_T_ search on that document. Yeah, no. Hmm. Um well right now it's not doing anything. So I don I don't know I don't know what what it's doing. But yeah. Well I thou yeah. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Okay. Hmm look through them all. Well Yeah. I think so. Okay. Yeah. Mm.