Hmm It's with cameras. You look quite funny at the moment, Tim. Nice. Mm yes. Yes, perhaps yeah, but I mean they're all very very similar, all those X_M_L_ files. I had um a look at the um for example A_S_ Mm. Take Mozilla. Yeah, I think that would be m I mean uh for me it's quite difficult to say o on, you know, w um what scope one annotation would have. I think it would be certainly more than one word and I think it would work best with utterances or segments. Yep. I think just the segments as they're segmented in the for example in the point se point six five. I think so. And you would s probably still need um your values for the words, um perhaps for for um the keywords that are displayed when you click on something. Yeah, but that's another representation then, I think, f for the importance measure. Should yeah. Um po Yes. No, it's not. It's um for example, there's uh B_D_B_O_O_ one C_ point six. Uh I can't see anything very much, but yeah, that's that's it. Can you use a bigger font? Okay, so here there's for um each segment um uh that's really all segments, I mean it's it can be words or topics or um anything I think. Um that's why th it's for example, time provenance dialogue act or time provenance segment or time provenance No, but it yeah. Yeah, it p Oh, well some of them point to the words, other others point to the um dialogue acts. So that's kind of the global thing that ties together other things. Um yeah, they have their NITE I_D_, the time The segment is what is displayed in one line um by NITE. Yeah, it looks uh uh the segment thing looks in the into the words X_M_L_ file and the dialogue acts um thing. Yeah, I think it's in a different Um No, their their annotation of dialogue acts, and one um segment can have or one um of those word strings that are presented in one line can have several um dialogue acts annotated on it. That's why Yeah, it's from words. Yes. That's just below. But I think these segments are perhaps not exactly what we are looking at, because that's just o one tying all the others together. And the information or r I mean we are going to create a file that looks more like um the words file. I think. Yes. Yeah, they are. Um to discourse marker, DIS F_ marker fi point five. Yeah, that's there no no, up up. Go up. Yeah, right. Yeah, this is all the speaker D_. You and the speaker D_. Yes. Um you can see whether there's somebody else or not. You can see that in the w um W_ point um first it's W_ point um five uh fifty four and then it's seventy six, so there are um this number of utterances of other speakers in-between. Yeah, I think we would also need two of those. Yeah, I think we would have to have the same structure, one that points to it, where we tie together, all our information. So we would perhaps have to make one that's similar. Yes, and uh then another one that would perhaps give the actual probability value. Yeah, it could could probably be in the same file, I don't know. But if you have several layers, then you can't represent them on the same file. Yeah, in segment point one. Um there line below. Yeah, that's what I meant actually, yeah. Mm-hmm. Um But I I mean there's not all the information that is in in the c corpus in there in the segments file. I think that is just the um things that are loaded every time, but we have lazy loading, so it can load more than that. Perhaps we could just try to cope. Um, you know, to make our file one of those lazy loaded. But I mean I've no real idea how that works. Yeah, but yes, but it has um, you know, a basic thing that it loads, I think. So for example every time it loads the segment things, it can't it can't not display words, I think. And it eras I think so. That's how I understood it. Because otherwise in the in the other things there is no information about what the participant name is and so on. So in the segments file it's really the very basic that have to be displayed for any thing.? Yeah, I thin I mean it wouldn't be difficult to um create a file of the p sh of that shape. I mean that would be no problem. Um yeah, I I don't know how about you with your words, but um for my segments were the um F_ zero measurements and all those values I get from there. Um I always store the beg uh start and end time of everything I calculated there, so I would just have to pu put it uh yes. Yeah, it is. Uh actu but actually my segments are not always the same as their segments, because and their segments, there are um Pause um pauses sometimes. A Um yes, but uh yeah, I mean one segment of theirs is sometimes two segments of mine, that's just what I meant. Yeah, but for example I made a file that contains just the um start times. It could contain end times and words for all speakers of all meetings. I mean that's just the same thing as I gave, yeah, as I gave to you. But um uh displaying also a start and end times of every word. So you could perhaps use it to match um it with your additional information you got, couldn't you? Perl, a Perl script, yeah. No, no. Mm yeah. But would you then not get the typical words for every speaker? If you Because it would then say how it find that it's that speaker. Yeah. It's probability, yeah. Or or value, yeah. So, could you put the more information back in then? Yeah, but the topic isn't it? That's a topic information. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So how sure or unsure you are about the what's following our b our context measures, yeah. Yeah. But do we have enough informa enough data for that it gives us sensible things? Because I mean the the words we're look really looking for appear not too often, and if they appear five times in the meeting and they have each time a different, you know, differ some different surrounded words, perhaps we have not enough data. I don't understand what you Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. But that would give the same value for one word every time I mean for for a specific word. Yeah, because then it would be quite easy to re-integrate it into such a Okay, but then it would also be possible to re-integrate it. It would be more dif I mean it would be a bit more work, but then Yes. Um and what well, what score would a word get that just occurs once in all the corpus for example? Even though there are all the other same topics where it doesn't occur? Mm-hmm. So would it be higher-scored than a word that um occurs in every um sequence of the same topic? Yeah, I mean um we have uh s uh our several topics. For example we have twenty topics, and um for one of these topics there are five occurrences, and we have one word that Yes, but across meetings um there will be the same topic several times. Ah. It wasn okay. I thought that was what you were doing. Yeah, but Yeah, but you make also um segment similarity, I think that was I I thought that would And they they are not related then to other blocks of Okay. I um Oh, okay. I misunderstood that then. So yeah, how would it work? I mean what would um the his information then be useful for in r Rainbow? Um I thought the point about that was that we would put um into s um serial categories all the segments of the same topic across meetings. Okay. Yeah, but but then it does okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Yep. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yes. Yeah, I mean I haven't really decided on uh how to really get the information out of this now, because um when I have for example um increased speaker overlap, that applies to several turns of course. But I could give um the information about, yeah, how how important this is to each of those segments. Yeah, pros um but you proposed um we we should break that down to have um the smallest um smallest um unity um of time duration should be one word. I mean, that would be because that would be what naturally came out of her thing. And Yeah sure, but I could then if I if I have um the value for a segment, I would perhaps just give all the important wor or mm yeah no. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I would say that someone have to break it down, aye? I would probably somehow have to break it down to to that level, yeah. Yes, sure. Yeah, probably somehow it should work that way. Yeah, but then okay, but th at that moment it would be better for me to just make it on a per-segment basis right way, and let her adapt it also to the segment basis. Yeah. Yeah, I mean mine are only more, but they have the same start and end point. Sometimes they're two segments and one with a gap in-between, but um the have um th th they don't overlap. No no, they don't, but um Um they're I mean my segments overlap in the same way as theirs do. But sometimes I have um split one of the segments into two segments, but it's easy to match the start and end times to map it to their segments. I uh hope so, yeah. Mm-hmm, yeah. That would be quite difficult, but yeah. Yeah, I mean that's what I'm already doing with my s uh separate Yeah, it's tells you even which words it is. Yep. Should be possible. Yep. Yeah, I hope to have some value quite soon, but um I just worked um I mean I just calculated the values values for um the average F_ zeros and um they're what's c I mean I didn't have a look at the data yet, but um they vary quite widely even for the same speaker across meetings. So one speaker had um an average of about a hun one hundred um in one meeting and one hundred sixty in another meeting, that's really that's strange. I mean perhaps it's because of laughter or something, that's what I was thinking, but I didn't have I'll probably look at it. Yeah, that's what I read in one of those papers uh as well but Yeah, but it could mess up things quite considerably. Yeah. But uh ar yeah. But all this is quite, you know, data-intensive. I when I um let the um just calculate the average F_ zero levels, it I think it needed more than half an hour, considerably more than what have half an hour f to delay it for our meetings, because um yeah, m I mean we have seventy five hours per, yeah, av average of six speakers, and they're measured every O_ point O_ one six seconds. And that gives us quite a lot of values. Yeah, what I did at the moment is um I um, yeah, I got the F_ zero values from for each speaker for his headphone, and I only take those um the w uh that were recorded at the time where he was actually speaking. And for those I calculated um the average. Zero. So that gave me um now one value per speaker per meeting. No no, that's just the average. No, that i yeah. Yes, I mean I r just uh needed to have this value now to relate um m how yeah. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Um amusement and so on is yeah. Yeah. I I I mean it I actually have to look at the data what causes these um Because it's quite funny to have a m male speaking at two hun two hundred um. Yeah, sure but Mm-hmm. Yeah, and I am at the moment fiddling around with my data and not quite seeing how I get to a sensible abstraction level, you know. From my very Yeah. Yeah. So I mean you will be happy with some data, even if it doesn't make much sense. Try uh try yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if it's already on segments base, that's not too much.