Five years just because of the floods bringing the ceilings down. So On its great joy. I think they probably ought to, but uh they well, they've only just started realising that treating this as a legal issue is probably the right way to look at it. So they're not really the sort of people that are up for understanding um the intricacies of the committee, I guess. I mean i you would have thought they could, but it's r it's actually quite hard work. The law isn't very clear. That's a good question. They p they uh they might be able to. It's just it's so strapped now, um you know, like the Citizens Advice Bureau is so hard to actually get access to because they've they have so many cases and so few people. So But yeah, that's probably the next thing they'll have to do. M Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Right. Well um I thought the right thing to do was to review what Wei-Xun's been doing in the area of dialogue structure for work package one over the last period. So basically for him to talk about what he what progress he's been making and then for us to um for hi for him to describe what work he intends over the next period of the project, and for us to figure out what help he needs with that. Um m maybe give him some help figuring out what publications he's gonna um get out of this and for us to make sure that it fits into the overall project. So um this is something that you know, we're not gonna do everything today, but I wanted to make sure that we sort of all aligned on what he was doing at the moment and and then sort of figured out how to give him the best advice coming up. So that's that's why I called this. I'm a little bit confused. So um when you say interactivity, do you mean um well, how would you characterise a highly interactive meeting? What are the measurements you'd apply? So you I think what you're doing is segmenting meetings into highly interactive parts and not so interactive parts, where you think some of them are like a bit like dialogue and some are a bit like monologue. So what measurements would you apply to um find out which is which? So you mean relatively short turns and speaker change. S So so am I right in thinking you think that you can segment meetings maybe into two t types of areas, interactive and non-interactive? So what are th what are the characteristics of the interactive areas? So w so okay, so but you just said, I think, that you would characterise short turns as being the non-interactive parts. Oh okay, well we we can discount back-channels. I mean uh c are you is it okay if we talk about this for a minute 'cause I'm confused. Or or do you get a c Alright. Alright. 'Cause if this is all we've got, I think we should uh have interactive and non-interactive on the board and then figure out what properties going to each just so we're clear what the two mean. Uh Well uh okay But are you you need to be more precise what you mean by speaker change. So y do you mean all of the speakers are involved in it? Is it sufficient for two speakers? Right, and then Okay, but that's n you can that's definitional, right. So so I mean you wouldn't necessarily consider that to change the turns. Those are just back-channels. So one speaker will have the floor channel um throughout that and so I guess what you're saying is that the interactive sections would have shorter speaker turns when you're not considering the back-channels as interruptions. Um so Well do y Yeah. Sufficient but not necessary maybe. It depend if you had so a bunch of people all just giving information and opinion around the table and they never actually ask questions of each other, but the turns were actually quite short, which one would it be? Mm-hmm. Right, okay. I remember you saying this before. So basically you want to do the segmentation because you're going to apply completely different analyses to the two sections. Um Right. So Wei-Xun quite takes quite a strong position on um this um difference between these two um kinds of group activities because he says that they admit different kinds of analyses. Right, the with the non-interactive, more monolo mono-logic sections of the meeting um you have to uh analyse them using something akin to rhetorical structure or something. And uh with the other sections you uh um you you use some other theory to look at them. And I actually uh think that that's a slightly extreme um position um with regard to the literature that a lot of people might say it doesn't really matter who the different speakers are in an interactive section. You can still um build maybe the the same argument structure over the top of the basic um acts and propositional content that's there. And uh what you get is a messier version of the argument structure because not everybody has the same argument in their brain, you know, for this. But um but that the same theory or the the same analysis can be applied to both parts. So I think it's important to keep um that in mind, and if you if you do need to argue that these two kinds of group activities uh can can only be analysed if you use different analytical mechanisms, then you have to explain why that is. Right, so it it puts an extra burden of proof on the work that you do. Mm. Right. But to the grou degree that a group is building an argument together, I mean it I think wh what you're doing in a group discussion isn't necessarily one coherent argument f for the person, but an argument that is the group view. And so it's maybe it's not R_S_T_, um but it's um more akin to um I don't know, is it Toolman? But, you know, not that i but you know, the kinds of things where people to try to represent argument structure. Are are the important aspects of it for this analysis really that substantively different though? But i if somebody if there's been an argument so far in a group meeting, and um somebody makes a statement, they have an intention about how to modify that group argument. Right, but but you're Okay, so the r the relation names aren't aren't right, but um Right. Okay. Well the relation names are less important. I mean people have argued for ages about exactly what relations were in any of these theories. And that's that's less important than what the theory is trying to achieve. And it just seems to me that if you've gotta have two dif separate apparatuses for the um speaker internal um argument structure and the group argument structure, that that's more appara apparatus than you should actually need for um from doing this kind of analysis. 'Cause in both cases you're um building up an argument publicly in this group meeting and then, you know, adding something or changing the existing argument in some way by relating a contribution to what's um already on the table. So Mm. Yeah, c I just think well, I mean it all of these things when they encounter a new genre of um of uh actual data, then they end up modifying building new kinds of relations with new kinds of semantics and adding them. That's the entire history of these. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yeah. Yeah. Right. So there you've got somebody who's doing theoretical development that would claim that you don't need two separate an analytical frameworks for these two types of activities that Wei-Xun has identified. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I just prefer it to be one thing rather than two completely separate things and then the added explanation of why it's not possible to have the same thing applied to both halves. Hmm, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, which wouldn't probably wouldn't give us the kind of um information that we need about relations across turns, just because we really are critically interested in the argument um that the group is building up so that we can find the decisions that they made and um any p uh counter proposals to proposals that have been made and things. I mean it really is more in the spirit uh of the R_S_T_ ish relations than um than in the damsel kinds of relationships. What we want uh out of the c um the relationships between speakers here. They are jointly building up an argument structure, and that is the critical thing that we're missing in order to be able to um understand what's happening in these meetings. So we wouldn't we wouldn't wanna do the same thing as what um she did in this case, bec just because um damsel doesn't give you the right sort of representation between speakers. Oh, does it? Okay, um I haven't seen it on that this kind of data. So maybe Right, okay, but are what I mean is, you kno wanna make sure you get the argumentative relations, however you do it. Whichever relations you have to build, you know. Not I'm not saying I'm not saying that there's a particular set of tags or relations that have been defined out there that are the right ones. I'm just saying we need the correct ones for th the structure that we're trying to get out of this. 'Cause we need certain information out of this analysis. That Yeah. Well Wei-Xun's been looking at the data. So that's that's a step for this. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yeah. Well, what you'll need in the end is something operational. So it's something that you can use to actually segment meetings into the um the areas that you think are important for this analysis, right? So um it's not quite clear to me what the different kinds of things are. So it would be I think handy if you could take a meeting at some point and say, you know, this is a interactive area and this is a mono-logic area because and we could come up with what kinds of measurements you need. Um I mean we have w we haven't done past work here on segmenting meetings in that way, but we have done work on characterising different kinds of meetings um in terms of how highly interactive they are. But it's a different definition, right. It's in terms of how much all of the people involved in the meeting um take some take equal part in it as opposed to um like the highest state is people in the meeting just driving it and and uh the other people following whatever the high state is people want. So um but those kinds of measures um, you know, we could use to um to do this kind of segmentation if it's important to the analysis, right. W but we need clearer definitions of what the different things are, how many different kinds of of um activities are there. You know, is it just interactive and non-interactive, or is there are there there more grades of shading than that. And um, you know, what are the things that you expect in each. What's the back-channelling behaviour. What's the speaker turn, um you know, what kind of dialogue acts do you expect. I think that would help you pin down what the definitions are. Do you think it matters whether something is knowledge or opinion in the way it contributes to the group process? Yeah. I I sort of have always taken the view that um that well, people aren't very good at at this kind of rationality, you know. And the difference between information and opinion isn't that prominent in the way people do their reasoning. So um Yeah. Well you you can't define 'em that way. You can't define the difference between information and opinion that way because that's um basically defining as the what happened about it. And I think what tends to happen is that um if people challenge the the facts, you often discover that they weren't actually solid facts anyway, you know, that they're I think the boundary between these is kind of fluid. So I guess the question is is it important to what what's it important to? So do you need the difference between information and opinion to do this analysis? So what have you been looking at? So you're you've got books that high on your desk. Which ones are they? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. So y um I'm sort of getting that you think there is a lack in the uh theory to do with exchange structure at the moment. But I'm but I'm not quite clear yet what you think the lack is. So Um the well are you thinking it's been a while since I've read this literature. But I mean my understanding of exchange is is that the initiating move introduces a goal to the discourse, and then the remaining moves um will uh contribute to either the um the meeting of that discourse goal or the decision not to bother with that discourse goal, right. And so um I'd be surprised if there wasn't work describing things in those terms. I mean I know Sinclair and Coulthard is is basically about teaching yeah. So you wouldn't expect that to necessarily um apply uh in in wider contacts in a way. Like you might expect to have to extend the theory to do that. But I th I think there are other other people have looked at exchange structure and described it in these terms in a way that should really suit your needs. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So this is a l a lot like George Horton's work on saying what are the different parameters for um these exchanges. You know, what are the things that characterise the set of exchanges that can happen? Mm. So so is your complaint less about um less about knowing what makes an exchange and more about knowing how you parameterise exchanges for this genre? So what's the range? okay, so you're worried about what's the range of exchange types for this genre, and that's what you think hasn't been done. Uh-huh. Okay. That's clearer. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So so have have you tried I mean um I know of one previous attempt to establish what exchanges are needed for f um some kinds of industry meetings, and our experience in that project was that um you can't really identify exchange structures in these meetings because they they don't really follow that pattern. That exchanges are clear in um well, i there're clearer in when you've got fewer people. So there's fewer people trying to pull the discourse goals in different directions. Um and they're clearer when um your goals are quite limited. So when you've just got information exchange and you know, the or there's a clear task that the people are trying to do and they're focussed on that task, as is normal in dialogue elicitation like map task or like your like your informa which like your information seeking dialogues, which wasn't dialogue elicitation, but it was very constrained in genre. So um the the answer to the question might be nobody knows what the catalogue of exchanges is for real meetings because um or for these decision making meetings because you can't identify exchanges, right. So have you gone through the meetings and looked for initiations and responses with without a prior catalogue, just knowing that init initiation in introduces a new discourse goal and a response um meets or negates that goal in some way. So have you tried marking these exchanges? Mm-hmm. Yeah. But but a reading of this, you know, th could tell you that there is no case where you're gonna be looking for initiation and responses that's gonna work, you know. 'Cause you could go through and see that um actually the pattern of of addressing different discourse goals is too dispersed to um to be able to do that kind of mark-up. But I g yeah, I mean i obviously you wanna have a front-runner scheme i in mind before you So that's it. Yeah. Do you mean an action in terms of what the group is requiring him to do or do you mean an action in like picking something up? So action in the technical meeting sense or just action in the physical sense. Right, okay. Oh, so that's not a physical action, right? Uh uh if I pick this up, which is a physical action, you can't reject that. What do you mean? Right. That's right, that's a action in the sort of technical sense of meetings. So you are actioned to do something, which is part of the permanent record that yeah, okay. Well, there are very few uh schemes for marking up exchanges on actual data, right, because um people haven't considered it very important. Well I always thought they get tired after marking up the dialogue moves so they nev never bother with any higher level dialogue structure. So we did it in the map task, but I don't actually know of other cases where people bothered marking anyth anything higher level than the map than the move structure. Right? You don't know of On yeah, I've s uh sorry. Um but it c it's not been very popular car probably 'cause it makes um Different. Mm-hmm, yeah. Well the first step is find out in the what how much of the material does the collaborative problem solving cover? So how much of a genre clash is there here? Well it's Yeah. B th But there there are people in the field that are moving that direction, like Martin. And also what's important here is the theoretical clarity about what an initiation and a response is. So what is it that ties um different acts together at a higher level, you know. Mm-hmm. But I think more important than looking at um whether parts of the meeting are highly interactive or not so interactive is uh looking at what sort of task the people are trying to do at the moment. So you know, are they doing um uh i are are they uh i as in the kick off meeting just exchanging information to get started with a project or are they uh actually addressing some specific design um criteria at the moment. Should try to decide which shape the thing is. Um because that's going to affect the kinds of relations that you get between the utterances. And so that is much more like um the um the literature from McGrath about the different kinds of activities groups get into. So I think that's another thing that has to be pulled into this because um you you do require different uh uh different kinds of relations. Or you expect different kinds of relations from some over-arching set in um those different kinds of activities. Uh Um so what's the high level version again? P s Right, okay. I mean i the meeting actions is just gonna be a segmentation. It's not going to present any s any micro-structure. So it's just gonna say from here to here they're doing something. That's all that that scheme is gonna do. W It's n That's not no, those well, that's individual actions. And the meeting actions are meant to b uh become more um semantic and more theoretical than the kind IDIAP have traditionally used. So so we need to still preserve some uh sense of the activity. But rather than saying it is somebody's at the white-board, it'll be, you know, that somebody's explaining something that the others are focussed on. Yeah. It's it's a different scheme. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well you might need the meeting action segmentation in order to know where what uh what area you're circumventing for so, it's just exchange structure in this area that you're looking at, and then that's a solid boundary between the next bit or something. I don't know. Um but w well, time's getting on. So, you know, what practical things can we do to help this work move forward? So y show what else you're you're thinking about, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.. Well m marking up exchange structure if if it's there and if um if you've got a working scheme for it is relatively cheap. It's a lot cheaper than doing dialogue act coding in the first place. Um right, well one presumes it is, otherwise it's gonna be ra radically expensive to do any kind of mark-up. So um the you know, it's something that we can look at, but you need to what we need it's more important than knowing, you know, that we need exchange structure marked up on X_ amount of data at this point is knowing um where you're headed with this, I think. So what's the good that that uh the project gets out of this in the end. So you know, what's the w what's the headline results of the work on the project, I think is is what we're trying to get a sense of here. So you get your exchange structure marked up. And say we just put in the money, get exchange structure marked up on that entire hub or, you know, figure out how to boot-strap it so we we get this um uh how do you how do you sell that as a as a project goal, you know? 'Cause people are gonna say exchange structure, so what. What do wh what do you what how do you plug that into the rest the stuff, right? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. See 'cause I think that um just to make this m more efficient, you should be thinking about the high-level goal in order to focus the work that you're doing rather than thinking well, you know, there's these theories, you know, how can we apply these theories to it. Um and then seeing what comes out of that that might be useful for the meeting browser, actually trying to say yeah, we have a goal of being able to do this with the meeting browser, um what kinds of dialogue structure would we need to be able to do that. I mean uh I don't know, maybe you'd wanna disagree with that, but I this more goal directed might actually make it easier to um bring these things to publication in the long run, right? Right. It's not necessarily what they say. But it's something at least identify something that we'd hope to get out of it, you know. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I It just helps you know which theory you should be concentrating on. So you know, that immediately discounts exchange um structures that are mostly for information seeking alone because the notion exchange is to restrict it there, and in favour of um these these more argumentative things. So I mean uh I do think you should keep in mind what the final goal is so that you can plug this into something at the end and and um show some benefit of having the mark-up. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I mean operationally it's not gonna much difference whether it's hub or not, right, because we've got the bank of people. We have to get the hub stuff through, but um you know, he's n not ready with an annotation scheme that can be used at the moment anyway. So And it it's not that expensive. I mean it's something that we can afford off budget 'cause Yeah, it uh and it's too different a genre, yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's not help either. But yeah, they're sure to do that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. In the m Mm-hmm. Y Um well, I don't remember that about the w I mean the Oh, but that was about what task the person doing the browsing was gonna do. It w they didn't say anything about what sort of information they'd want from the meeting itself. It w it was about uh i That was the that we the browser task. You know they've identified these seven different tasks people might wanna do with browsers, um you know, like uh join a meeting late and ch um catch up on what's happened in the meeting so far, be at home waiting for the washing repair guy. And Yeah. Okay, well c maybe. Okay. Mm-hmm. But I thought you wanted to avoid doing stuff that was s stuck in this particular domain if possible. But you know, th they weren't concentrating Well yeah. But that doesn't mean you have to be um using the techniques that you can be using open-domain techn Mm-hmm. And you don't think that can be done in open domain at all. 'Cause we don't wanna get into um working with ontologies. I mean one of the strengths of this grouping was that, yeah, they all work with the closed domain ontologies and we'll do the open-domain side of things. So I don't know. We'll see. Oh right, yeah. So we don't know what happened at that one. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So you're advising Wei-Xun that he should be using like any ontologies and propositional content that um D_F_K_I_ and T_N_O_ bank in the C_V_S_ repository, or or not? That's what I'm not clear on. With our without. Mm-hmm. Okay. Can actually try. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I don't know when they'll bank these by the way. Um 'cause that's it's not hub. So i it's one of these things where everybody's supposed to bank as many things as possible. So you know w Yeah. But open. Yeah, it's not really an open domain task, yeah. Well eventually the hub is supposed to be forty percent non-scenario. But that data's definitely gonna be kind of coming in the last. So Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's quite reasonable. W we've got five ISCA meetings actually which are still uh an elicitation task, but they're not our domain. So that should help some. And they've been declared hub. So so they'll accrue all of the normal an annotations. Of course yeah, you'll you'll never get the T_N_O_ and D_F_K_I_ stuff on it 'cause they're only billing stuff for the one to make the Yeah, just figure out how we're gonna help him to to try to make this more efficient. Yeah. Yeah, but we should make sure we finish that off, because otherwise that work's just wasted, right. We're gonna use chunks for something useful. Yeah, chunks are gonna be named entities if nothing else. Automatic segmentation at which level? Uh-huh. Dialogue act, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and that's a problem. Yeah. Certainly if if you've got chunks it ought to help you know where your dialogue act boundaries better not be. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And it may be even more mechanical than that based on the um examples we're seeing from D_F_K_I_. 'Cause they're they're hand marking stuff and the dialogue act boundaries are supposed to be intentional. Um but they seem to always be marking them that um uh after verbs, you know, with clause m uh it's very it looks quite mechanical. So we're querying them about this because that's not the way they're supposed to be doing it. And Well hold on. But when do we need chunking by? And it you know, so y I don't like the idea that, you know, you start something and then eighteen months later you pick up to do the last ten percent of the work to finish it off or whatever. So it I like things kinda tidy. Right. So how much work is there left and when do we actually need it by would be useful to discuss. The AMI data is is there. There's I mean there's hub set A_ is transcribed I think um in final form. You we can check the Wikis. But you know, the data is rolling in. So And but Barbara still says somebody's done this for chunks. I'll have to look up, you know, so Mm. Hand-chunked. Mm-hmm. But that shouldn't be that hard to do, right? How much data do you need? I don't read lips. What was that? Was it hard? Yeah. They the data how much data you need was not a problem with the Switchboard 'cause he had lots. So he didn't have to think about how much. So we need to know how much data you need hand-chunked. And then uh how do you hand-chunk stuff, right. So you were were working on instructions for doing hand-chunking. For Switchboard, yeah. But then he there were two possible options for uh for doing this on the AMI data. You could either um essentially go the same route as they did with the Switchboard um, you know, do the Penn tree-bank and then create the chunks off that, or you could chunk directly. And it wasn't clear to us which one of those two methods was the right way to do this. Right, well, so you'd have to produce as part of this exercise. You would've thought so, but I dunno. Oh yes, yeah, I'd forgotten about that. But that's not very similar. Well, I don't know very much about grammar. Is th is that similar enough that that this same method could apply that we derive chunks off the H_P_S_G_ output? I think you might lose a lot in, you know, this step. So basically your your chunker is trained on something that was derived off Penn tree-bank. And it might be different enough that that actually causes it not to match. You know, if you're suddenly evaluating against chunks that were done using H_P_S_G_ I don't know about grammar, but it you know it Yeah. And the mappings are can be cr pretty difficult for this, right? Or is is easy to map between finer grained distinctions and coarser ones? Think so? Yeah. Huh. The names would suggest that this was the idea, right. Yeah. Right. So y that sort of assumes that we think it's better to do this by deriving chunks from um some parsed format than just hand chunking the stuff. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So let's try it this way, and then that that puts off the question of um when do we have to do this to when we get H_P_S_G_ stuff, right? So can you ask um D_F_K_I_ whether they can give us a couple AMI meetings run through their H_P_S_G_ process? I don't even know what time scale they had in mind. I mean it is this something they w they were doing it at the moment, but I don't know whether this was very preliminary or do you remember? Twente, yeah. Yeah. Y you're expecting me to remember stuff, aren't you? Oh yeah. Oh, I don't even know which one I've missed. Brussels, Amsterdam. T_N_O_, okay. See, I wasn't there. So I don't know where it was. Um Yeah. Yeah. So ask 'em, right. So it's talk to Alex, see if it looks like it maps by looking at the Verbmobil. If it does, ask D_F_K_I_ either for data or a time scale, and you're gonna need to know how much data you need in order to do that. So do you have a technique for estimating how much data you'd need? I don't know how you do that, so who knows how you do that? Okay. So just ask D_F_K_I_ how much data and when, right. If Yeah, I know. Uh we don't have any particular time in mind when we need a chunker that works on this stuff. So Yeah. Yeah. Well I gue if we did a chunked version of the AMI data and stuck it into C_V_S_ under the automatic contributions then um people would end up using it, 'cause they do that, right. So the question is at what stage should we put that in? Yeah, so post-evaluation so we can put in some idea of what the evaluation is like. Mm-hmm. No, but he's relying it on it th this summer. Mm-hmm. So when when do you think that would be? When when is she sending somebody? Oh for the next one, mm-hmm. But that's a pretty tight time scale then, right, 'cause it'd be for the fall we'd wanna know the evaluation. Is that the time scale you're thinking of or How it could be done. Yeah. Uh that's all I think. Uh Mm-hmm. I think you should still ask Barbara again, you know, c can you have another think about who might have the chunking stuff. 'Cause she has said several times there must be somebody and she can help with that. And um I think she's just forgotten. So So and then we can evaluate on the ICSI, you know, pretty easily. Yeah, even if it's just a you know, on a Wiki the um the references and then why they're relevant, right. I mean you don't wanna make this really formal, or do you? Yeah, a paragraph each. Yeah. Yeah. But that wou that would help us be a lot more specific ab than than just um you know, listing bullet points on slides cause then we'd know sort of which literature you're thinking of um putting in and we could read the most important argumentative stuff. I can have these things anyway, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. They haven't addressed this problem. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna have to go very soon because I've got this um this hearing to go to. But uh so the practical actions, you know, what are the things we're gonna go away and do. Yeah. Yeah. So you can do this exercise and then come and talk to me some time next week. I'm not in Monday, but the other days I'll be around. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. S Yeah, so this this is interesting, but i w I don't think we can afford to l um look at this right now. So why don't you bring it by um next week? And i what I really wanna do concentrate just now is is finding out the how we're gonna help um Wei-Xun with with making progress on this. So we've already got you know, he's gonna um construct a list of the references he thinks is important, and Johanna and I and and you as well are gonna contribute to that. And we can put that on a Wiki or we can do it some other way. I mean you know I'm Wiki mad. So um if we share it, it should go on a Wiki 'cause I can't find anything in my email. But, you know, you don't have to do that. Um and then uh how do we you're actually so what you're doing is taking all of the the the most important references for um finding argument structure that might i eventually be of some use to a meeting browser and trying to look at actual data and apply and and see like which one helps you figure out what you're actually gonna do with this particular data, right. So it seems to me that we should take like the front-runner scheme and the data and you should look at not front-runner scheme but front-runner theory and i see if you can speak to the data, you know, using that kind of theory at some point. And might might be an interesting exercise, right? The update. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But that's a good starting point, yeah. That'll be the Exactly, yeah. So you wanna go through basically the user requirements and, you know, maybe think about some user requirements of your own and make a case for, you know, these are the kinds of things that we'd want, and look, you're gonna need um this kind of dialogue or argument structure for it. Um uh uh I'll think about that. Yeah. So we're just trying to get records. I mean I'm sure they're not on the web yet. So Yeah. Mm-hmm, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So so we're gonna go through the requirements like that and did did you think that's that was reasonable to after that to try and um actually, you know, take some theory that seems fairly reasonable and think about the particular data and come and talk? Yeah. I there's a few references missing. Yeah. Yep. So then try front-runner scheme on, well, a front-runner theory. Yeah. But try it informally. Yep, mm-hmm. When do we get together again? 'Cause I really do have to go. I promised these guys I'd be there. Uh-huh. But w Reading lists before that though, so right? So we'll get together in about three weeks. Uh Uh-huh. Four weeks, yeah. Right. I'm gonna head off. C 'cause floods are more important than dialogue structure, I'm afraid.