Yeah, exactly, yeah yeah yeah. Should we Well should we just go around and everyone says what they d what they've been doing, how far they've got. Well I hope so. Okay. Well I've got a browser now, which Whoops. Already gone. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. So yeah. We've go a browser we've um which comes up automatically with a transcription box and the topics. And then when you go on the menu, you can select a summarisation box, which pops up, and an audio player. Um and a s I think the search works as well, so you could pop up a search. And it loads up um just the background window is empty and um so when you start, you have to either open open a particular observation or do a search and open it through that. Does that make sense? Um the transcription box has got a summarise but button, which doesn't do anything yet. Um now I wonder wh how we wanna do, you know, we want a pop-up window with the speaker characterisation. Um either we could do that you know, when does the pop-up come? Either we can when you click on the the I_D_, any sort of I_D_ in the transcription box, or we can put an extra button extra few buttons next to the summarise button so that you actually in the transcription box, but so like you click on a button and then that opens whatever that speaker characterisation is. The problem is the r the left-click is already used because it highlights that um that part of speech or whatever that what he's been saying, you know, the the left-click highlights it. So that you can I don't know what happens when you double-click actually, but that'd be a bit annoying if you have left-click for one thing and double-click for something else. Um I think so yeah, when you left-click it, you can for example set set the marker there so that the mm the audio goes from there, I think. Um so we can't put it on left-click. We could put it on a right-click. We could for example have a little menu that pops up. So right-click on at menu, you know, and you can click on speaker characterisation, up pops the window. That's a good point. I don't know. Nothing else. Yeah, yeah, but um I don't know about you, but uh usually in Windows right-click doesn't do anything, does it? It opens a menu. Yeah, so yeah. So but that'd be yeah. If you just yeah. Yeah. Um or just, you know, or just the button. Well no no, you still have the menu the menu pop up that Well oh, yeah. It's more obvious, isn't it, w what you can do. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. That's true, yeah, it's more intuitive really, isn't it? Maybe, maybe. In the beta version. Um but actually what we could do is on in that menu as well we could have an option that pops up a window with all the all the meetings that that user has been in. Like a search for that user. Is that gonna be useful or too much? Or Yeah, so y when you right-click on it, one one option will be give me all your meetings, characterise the speaker Or is that too much I mean? Yeah. Yeah, that's true, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. It'd nice to have it inconnec interconnected like Or you mean the the speaker characterisation? Oh well, yeah, I mean, I don't know about that. I mean it's the speaker characterisation is a bit like you said. I mean it's like a nice thing. We don't we're not actually sure what the user wants with it, but it's interesting, so why not give it to him. I I think we should do it. I mean Yeah, I mean that's that's still another level further. I mean we're not even there yet. You know, it doesn't even doesn't even pop up the speaker characterisation yet. Y we have to first define what what happens when you click on a user. Yeah. Yes. So should we try try to do a right-click when you then Sorry? Yeah. Yes. Wait. Yeah, there's a second thing about the topics, the topic window. We wanna somehow click be able to click on a topic and it pops up with all the meetings that contain that. Yeah? So we could do that in a similar way, do it right-click as well. And to have a different menu for our Yeah. So yeah. So we have basically two options of of browsing the meetings is by either um searching and opening individual observations. And when then we have the interlinking by right-click basically. Double-click Oh. Hmm. Yeah. I don't see there's anything obvious that was that would be able, you know, that would be Yeah, but then then there's the problem with a lot of windows popping up again. And they pop up without you even being quite sure what it is, you know what I mean? Yeah, maybe. Mm. Hmm. Especially if you have a touch-pad. It just goes oh. Well I'll I'll check what it does on on um double-click at the moment. 'Cause I think it might do something. But but yeah, mm but I don't I don't I d really don't see anything obvious that that would I mean if you can think of something that Sorry. Sorry. Um yeah, another thing. Single audio files. Do we wanna use them or not? Yeah, single channel that's single channel files. Do we want them? I mean Yeah, okay, yeah, yeah. I mean we might use them while wo to work with them, but do we wanna integrate them in so that when you browse you can here's Do you though? I mean it's not gonna make much sense if you don't listen to it on its own d do you? Does it? No, hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah, wh what do people think in general about the windows cluttering that he's mentioned? Do you think do you think it's really that bad? That's what I feel as well. I mean I'm I'm very much I w I wanna have everything customisable. Um Probably not, no. Yeah. Two or three maybe, but yeah. But yeah, it depends, I mean I I really wanna put the summary in somewhere, you know. And the summary for example is typical. You open the window, you read through it, you might click on you know, close it again straight-away. But it'd be good to have it there. I was just thinking of tab. That true. Yea yeah yeah yeah. That's right. I'm not sure yeah. No. I don't know. Do you reckon? I'm sure. I'm sure you could do anything. Hmm. I can have a look. But yeah, that that might be an idea, yeah. Hmm. But I mean people get used to it, I mean when you use a Windows or Linux for that matter, you have a lot of windows open. And you manage them. Yeah, you can minimise 'em. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's true, they're they're definitely Yeah, they're definitely gonna be in the same window, yeah. Exclusive. Yeah, that that was the plan for the disfluencies anyway. So d Yeah, do you wanna do that with summaries in? Put the summaries in in the same window. Mutually exclusive with Summary. Yeah, you wanna do that? Yeah. And finally the prototype he spoke about. What kind of prototype could we produce? Because I'm I'm just, you know, I go into the lab and I say right, what am I gonna change today. You know? And it kind of just it just develops, I'm not aiming for anything. Do we wanna aim for something? I'm I'm pretty much getting there anyway, to be honest. It's not it's not gonna be a lot more work. Oh. Hmm. Mm true. Oh right, I see. Hmm. Um probably not. I don't know, can you access other people's Yeah, sure. I don't know if it's readable at the moment, but you can sure have a d have a look. Alright. 'Kay. Right, well I'll make that readable then. Um so the directory is my number Well, this is not difficult. It's in all the emails. Not O_ four. O_ four, five five five, six O_. O_ four five five five six O_. And then um there's a folder um N_L_S_S_D_, and it's called the M_ browser. Yes, M_ for meeting. Really. No, I'm I'm extremely organised, you see. I've got folders for everything. I love folders. Yep, so that's me done. Someone else wanna talk about their stuff? Mm-hmm. W what where you doing again? The search, okay. Okay. Indexing. Oh. Oh right. Oh that's pretty much there, is it? Of making Oh great. Yeah, that's handy. So you think it shouldn't be too difficult? Oh, I see. Yeah. You have to convert it to some sort of format, I suppose. I mean you should look at look have a look at the the browser code then, because um, you know, they already extract for example transcripts. Put it into a window at least. What do you mean? This week's only two days old. Oh. Yeah. Oh that's complete rubbish anyway. Never mind. Just so stupid. Mm-hmm. Well ye the browser as I use it now or as uh, you know, it was there when I took it um uses the um the N_X_T_ search to get the data out of the out the files, which I think is odd, but I'm not quite sure how it works yet. I don't quite understand it. To get the data i for example to get the summarisation data, you have to search for I think the I_D_s or something. Yeah. Yeah. So they don't, you know, they don't say look in that and that folder, but they say search everything. Oh it does load up quite quickly. So you know, it's not too bad. But you know, you could have a look at them. No, this is not the actual search. This is just when you open what you know, to load the transcript for example, to find the transcript for a certain meeting, it does does an N_X_T_ search for the string, I don't know, transcript or text or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, so I don't know if you've looked at the search query s language, but it's like a dollar A_ text say. Yeah. And then yeah. Because every every of all of these um these files have got um tha an I_D_. And all the transcript files have got the string, I don't know what it is, words or text or something in it, so it just searches for those files. Vaguely. So Open. Um um well, it's in the code. Just that it, you know, it yeah, you define a search object, and then you search on that string. I had to figure out how to how to do the same thing for the summary. That's how I I had to I had to understand how to do the transcript how they did the transcript to do the summary myself. Yeah, just search for a specific string. So you could just, you know, you could use that when you if you wanna um take the data out and put it somewhere. Yeah. If you have a a question about w what the p the code means or where to find the code that you wanna, you know, whatever you wanna do, then just send me an email. I can explain it. Oh yeah. Actually, in the moment it's got a load of rubbish because the the um the browser that I used from this from you know, that they gave us, had a lot of extra stuff in, and I haven't dared throwing out to through out all the functions I haven't you know, that I don't need. Yeah, just in case. Exactly. Yes. So they're all in there ye still. A lot of rubbish, but they will be get will be chucked out right at the end, I think. Yes. Exactly, yes. Yeah. Precisely. The weekend? The weekend's still four days off. Oh. I don't actually have that much to do at the moment. Well Oh dear. Well I can't remember what I'm supposed to do, by the way. Am I supposed to do the summarisation thingibob? No. You do. Well, I'll do that then. Shall I do that then? I mean Or you know It shouldn't be to difficult. I mean Well I'm doing communications, which we had one exercise and I've done that like two weeks ago. And that's in in two weeks. Yeah, it's a nine nine course as well or ten or something. Yeah. And then then I'm doing parallel programming languages and systems, which we had one exercise as well, and that's in like Friday. Well I'm not doing any background reading, so you know. Being lazy. Oh. Yeah, if you like. We can always decide then, I mean yeah. Yeah. Um so what what are you planning to do over the weekend then? You're gonna do the search. You're gonna implement the search. Everything? Mm-hmm. It's just that I think we need to set ourselves some milestones, because otherwise You know Weeks will go by and Well you decide, I'm not doing much for that prototype. So Of Oh. Well, how about we get it done by then? I mean Then we can write about it in the in the interim report, and s you know, and then we've got something to show. Um oh and the the search interface. Maybe you should decide pretty pretty early what kind of things you wanna be able to search for. And then if you want, you can give that to me and I'll I'll build a u nice, you know, a few tick-boxes and drop-down menus. No. Oh that's that's that doesn't exist. Tha that's completely cut and pasted. That does not exist. Nicely done though, isn't it? It's actually all these all these um things are are nicked from um you know, all these drop-down menus and tick-boxes are nicked from Google online. A screen-shot of Google. It's just so much fun. It's gonna be a little difficult more difficult. Yeah, I mean I was going to, but you know, the whole drop-down menus and stuff, what we wanna search for is not quite agreed on. We never agreed on what we wanna be able to search for. So Yeah, do you wanna, you know, just get together and think about the different types of search we could possibly do, and then then we could discuss it next meeting which options we really wanna include? That would probably involve researching the query language a bit as well to see what that can do. Know Know already what? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I can do that. Show you what bits the code Yeah. Ah, yeah. Well this time I'm dictating the time, 'cause I if I'm not there you can't do anything. Yeah, ah it's not gonna take an hour to explain it, you know. I mean Pick a time. I I you know, let me know, whenever. What Monday. What did you say? Three o'clock. Actually th yeah. Unless you wanna do it after the um after D_ D_ and A_. That's gonna be tight. Yeah, it what front door? I've not found that yet. Really? Really? Ah. Well, I'm just I've got it in my computer. Whatever is in my computer. I just think it's better to do it afterwards. Then we have all the time we need. Rather than have half an hour and then we'll surely run out. Oh. Actually it's not even confirmed yet. What was She doesn't even know what she's talking about yet, I think. Maybe it doesn't happen at all. Is it really? Really? I don't think we have a reading week though. The the Yeah, I don't think there is an official I don't think there was an official one last semester. I think it was just a bank holiday, wasn't it? No, Okay. Let's meet Monday. Hmm? Right. I think we need to tick the okay box, right? Ooh. Exciting. Should we turn these off then or what?