Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, uh so let's perhaps uh in the meantime talk about the um um numbers we assign to the dialogue acts because um yeah, I didn't know that you left out those who don't have words. So I just extracted the actual dialogue numbers, and the problem is um it's perhaps more um dangerous to get mistaken with all those numbers and not knowing why things happen if we just devote numbers and n make new uh n n Yeah sure, but I mean for all those measures that are based on words um I can automatically just throw those where it's nothing. But um those dialogues acts um like thirty three in in the first meeting, um they have a duration, even though they don't have a word. Um so for my earl other measures I I get them and I don't I mean I would have to look for every single write a programme that looks for everything a number and does the mapping for that. Yes. Why is that? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I just wanted to uh um why do you think it's necessary at all to do that? Yeah, and it's a problem if there's no But actually I think there is something in the audio, shouldn't there? If there's um even though there's not a word, I think in the audio there will be something at that point because it has a duration. Hmm? So d you cut it out. Yeah, I mean but why do you have a special for those? It's just Yeah. Yeah, uh I mean it's just a question I wanted to raise. Oh okay s So um by how did you assign the dialogue act number? Did you take the one you found in the in the um X_M_L_ file and just, know, put it there? Or did you Okay. Okay, you end up with. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. Who has that going? Yeah. Mm. Presentation is exactly in two weeks. Um uh and re I think we should start to think about evaluation by now. I mean if you want to have some people Yeah, but it's just uh three days between the presentation and the yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think we should ha take the time because I think it will be But we'll also have to write the the thing in that time. I don't know. But it's fifty percent of the mark. No. Yeah. Yeah, it would buy us something. No. Mm-hmm. Uh that really yeah, that makes it really quite difficult for us if we want to test our stuff the first have to fight for our computers without cards. Yeah, sure. I mean I yeah yeah, I I just care for the written one. Does that work without the sound cards? Okay. Okay, yeah. Hmm. Okay, do you want to have a look at the agreement and disagreement data that I worked on last week? Or do we have anything more on this? Yeah. M perhaps my list of agreements. Perhaps my list of agreements somewhere. Yeah, if we find them good enough We wanted to provide um that in an extra list saying probably agreement. Yeah, for example. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. It's a bit small, but I don't know why that is. Hmm. Strange. Yeah, perhaps p because it's wide screen or something. Yeah. But um okay, what you see here um in this part is uh? No mouse, yeah. There it is, yeah. Here is um a list of the uh um most important or, yeah, most probable words that occur in agreement. Um so the number in the first brackets is um so I run it on all the B_E_D_, B_M_R_ and B_R_O_ meetings to learn it. Um so uh the number in the first brackets is how often it occurred in the um utterances that were annotated as agreements by the uh dialogue act agreement. Um and the number in the second brackets is how much it occurred in the rest. And um the first number in every line is um how much more often that is per same um same text length. So um the num uh the words that uh it gives it are look quite good, I think. It's um, yeah, exciting, perfect, true, interesting, exactly, correct, super and so on. Um and then I ran it on the first meeting, getting um the so what's in the in the brackets in this window here is the utterances. Um and the moment it can't make any differences betwe I mean you get the same value for every utterance that is exactly or every utterance that is sure. And um for the longer utterances I just um look how often um one of these words is in there and simply add it up. So that should in principle favour longer utterances. Um and, yeah, and so these numbers here, um one or zero, these here, um that's um um the dialogue act labels whether it's um um if they're annotated as agreement, they're not zero here. So here um for those who get a v that get a very high score, um they're mostly no not zero, and some of those who are zero are o are still very good. Like I I definitely agree um it's a nice kind of agreement that we probably want to have. Um and when you get further down, yeah, you see those with very low prob um score also have um no agreements. Here they are. a lot of zeros. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So it looks quite good, I think. Um so that's what I got for agreement. Then for disagreement I did also, but um it's a bit more difficult because there's so little disagreement. Yeah, so there you s again see the list. But it's much shorter and it's mu much worse. Smilies. Um that is um here at the list of utterances it um gets us for the first meeting. Yeah, I mean I think perhaps that's why we have but uh rated so high here. Or think. I think. Uh yeah. Think is also rated higher in the non-agreement than in the agreement. I mean there is some funny things. Um yes. Yeah, that's effectively what I'm getting here. Yeah, it's just I mean it's it's exactly this thing, but just I would I would just have to re-scale this factor here. And I mean this is the dialogue act number. So Yeah, I can just give it to you in the format you want. So it w it will just k And then score, yeah, it this was just for showing it. Huh? Yeah. Okay. Um one problem I used to have is with all the yeahs. Because I mean obviously they all write it the same. So um I was thinking perhaps at looking um at the um acoustic measures I have. So for example at my F_ zero um deviation. But um yeah, by now I just had a look at the yeah data um and actually the average F_ zero deviation is only slightly higher for the positive ones than for the negative ones. I mean there is a p difference, but it's probably not significant enough to really make use of it. But I perhaps investigate some time still to Yeah. So and I th my my hypothesis was that if it's really yeah, uh like agreement, it will sound different than if it than into if it is just a back-channel. Mm. But that has nothing to do with the threshold. Because you have uh you have um you don't have it only with yeahs. You have it also with words that are much higher ranked. You have the same problem like for example with yep is much higher ranked, because it occurs less often um in the training thing. No. Um it's only if they're used in different contexts. Yes, I b yeah, I know that not every yep is an agreement. Because y um this right, yep and okay things are typically also back-channels. Yeah, but we would throw a lot away that are quite good. If you if you would set it off. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think for this meeting um there were um what was it, like ar around si or ninety annotated agreements or yeah, ag agreement dialogue acts. So I mean the b the best ones are definitely those on the first screen here. So it could just Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Probably have to plot them 'cause some of them are also I mean this is just added by different speakers for example. They are immediately following one another. But it's just two speakers agreeing I think. Same for this one here, for these two here. I mean they they will be optically merged anyway. Yeah, okay. That was just what I I onl only keep uh the stuff I actually need on it and then I clean it up every, you know, every But actually this all here is N_L_S_S_D_ because it was data A_ that didn't fit on my um quota anymore. Okay. Yeah, same thing uh um with the yoohoos and so on. That do not include mm. Okay, then you you will provide a file with all the mappings from the old ones to the unique ones. Mm-hmm, yes. Yeah, but not too detailed. So Um by the way how long um how much time do we have for the presentation? Yeah, but more like twenty minutes or more like an hour? Yeah, I mean if you if you if you present the components of what it it's based on, then you will need more than twenty minutes to present it, I guess. It's question. Yeah, then My computer? Uh it doesn't have Linu Linux. So Mm. Yeah. Yes. And you would otherwise it would be too complicated to cope with the thi uh system if you have to re-adjust it uh to a different zoom level to get better results. I mean it would behave strangely in the eyes of the user.