I'm not a hundred percent sure, but I'm not having crashes at the moment. So what I'm having is so we we had a we had a long problem about not finding out why the time synching up between the relative time in in a in a sort of in a in a summarised section and the absolute time didn't correspond and stuff, and we found it was some stupid well, at the moment our best guess is that it was some stupid Java thing about if you if you actually if you have two objects and you say object if you say A_ equals B_, they actually reference to the same thing. So any changes you make to one are made to the other, and if you do that around five corners, you lose track of it and you suddenly wonder why that value is zero. And it turns out it is zero because it's the same thing that you anyway uh So we figured out it's interesting, why don't I have a screen here now actually that's new, but that's okay. It's doing different things all the time. Like this is the first time that actually the but uh uh that should be okay that should be okay. I'll I'll be able to Yeah, but last time I pressed that key combination, everything went wrong, and I think I'll be able to do it just fine on the screen. So that'll probably keep me from pointing on my screen, which I usually it might just be at this point. Like there's sometimes a point to loading, not usually that long. Well, let's see. Anyway, so n uh let's just see what happens. In the end we did get it working before. Oh see I get Yeah. Yeah. Ah, so now I'm having a complete mess of like split split screens and stuff. I think last time yes, but that's not what we want, is it? So but I think if I this is a log out command and usually it resets this Amazing strange colour combinations I see in front of me at the moment. Yeah, we somehow always get it working, but in different ways every time. Um So that kept us like basically from doing anything else product qu for quite some time in the last days because we were um hunting down that stupid error. I got it fixed in the last whatever one hour or something, but so at the moment the program is sort of in between working and not working because we've done lots of changes to what the error was. Dave, I think actually that the summary at the current moment isn't working a hundred percent correct. But that could be because of the input data. It seems to just take the first utterances more or less. Like if you if you first if you read through the summaries, they read suspiciously fluent, like as in people's questions and answers. And then if you plot them on the screen where where they are at the moment, they seem to o Yes. So maybe that's where the problem is coming from. Yeah. Um So this is when you start shifting around your laptop to think that it gets somehow less sloped on the screen. Um So I'm not really sure what this meeting is about to be honest. Um I'm I'm gonna show this, just what we have at the moment but it not gonna look very different from what we had last time. Don't ask him what happened to the promise that you'll get your script where you can use your own stuff because actually that was sort of ready but then we sort started trying to get something more working and then we got into big problems. So at the moment I mean again we should be at a state where people can load their own sc okay. Yeah. Thing is a at the moment it's just really bad for me. But from Monday on I can just do twenty four seven for this one until it until it's due. But until Monday it's gonna be really bad. Like I can probably help people if they have problems with getting getting what we have running now. But Okay. So I'll just start it up what we have now and then we can talk about what different people have and stuff. Huh? Eek. Yeah, it doesn't. But sometimes you have to take whatever you get and then just see how far that gets you. But would that not happen at some sorry, I'm jum jumping in. Would that not happen at summarisation anyway even if they're in the w like with the ones that have no words and then not have really low information density or something? Hmm. 'Cause you'd reckon that you could leave them in and they would never show up in a summary anyway. We wouldn't you think that if we just write the programme the way that even in the p way that it displays everything, it still leaves those out. Like if we those a special information density I_D_, or if you just put a spe yeah, something like that. And then just make sure that summary even in the in the most summarised mode just never puts them in. Hmm. 'Kay, shall we take a quick look at the current sys Sorry. Yeah, it is actually. It is it is jumping now. Sorry. Yeah, it did s it did summarise just now. It's just it's summarising stupidly, but at least it's jumping. Shall Yes, and in fact at the moment I don't even know which of the two I'm summarising over. Do you know y are w are we um so at the moment the configuration is that word importance file is test three and T_D_I_D_F_ file is test two. I've just I've just switched them around. So I have no clue what we're actually doing at the moment. Yeah, especially since I've just especially s since I've just switched them around anyway. But that's okay. I by the way, I read a paper which makes an important point about combining two things of that type. Um that's basically it's it's t going on about this fancy called geometric mean, which effectively just means multiplying them. But I I have some good f information about different ways how you can sort of weight two different factors, because it's uh like it it's for something very similar. Somebody would try to solve a very similar problem where they also had two factors sort of and they want to weigh them together. And there is like a good justifiable reason um why we should do in a certain way and how we can then with a simple parameter adjust how much one weighs and how much the other weighs. So there is something for just for putting them together in a relatively simple way, but still a way that we can sort of justify. Um and we can quote stuff on that. Yeah sure, we hmm? No, it's multiplying them and and like putting them one over the power of something and the other over minus one one minus the power of something, and that's sort of and they they've plotted some graphs about like where they show f like one going from zero to the one and the other going zero to one and like how the how the landscape changes and how i the parameter changes, how it works. So it's quite good. Um so that's probably seeing that we're probably not gonna go into any whatever base blah blah blah Markov model blah blah blah about f combining them, um that's probably what we go at. Now this is still not ideal at the moment, Dave. It's it's sort of it's overrunning the f like it so okay, so at the moment we're that far that if I now click onto a segment, hits Yeah, it's just wait, sorry, I just re-sized it a bit. Yeah, so it's j like the values are sort of hard-coded for the screen sizes in DICE and my screen's smaller. So let's see, I was a stupid user and was clicking on this segment. We probably have to make the segment lines a lot bigger. So then I h I did I get a new summarisation? Yeah, I didn't actually see. So let me check a different one. Yeah, so you see it's a different text. And you see it it's running through it. And also you see the indicator in where we are is jumping. So it's it's skipping stuff. Now I don't think the summary at the moment is what we wanted to be seeing the words like oh and mm and exactly, exactly, right, sure. This seems probably sh this is again probably the opposite of what we want. So it's probably some value that you have to like divide by one uh one divide by the value of something. But Yes, but also every other word in that sentence we should look at are probably in your list of fifty like list of all important words in the universe. So Yes, but it's probably just because if you look at the other one, like this is just their best sentence for like having function words in a row sort of and every o other I mean this one is sort of the developing a big infrastructure. So maybe it's just doing it randomly at the moment. I don't know. But we have some summary working and that's a good basis to start from. If I promise now that you'll get something where you can put your own data and that's sort of ringing a bit hollow. Yeah. Yeah, uh still it's uh it it's might be having some problem. I think this one over-ran just before. So we might still have some problem here that it's not stopping at the end, but so Dave, can you make the promise even I'm not making the promise realistically that the girls will very soon get Okay, yeah. Yeah. S S so at the moment I've hard-coded it to just um taking one tenth of the number of utterances which were in the original selection. Yeah. It actually it gives you an error if you put it to twenty, because there's some things in there which are shorter than twenty. And if you select those than it's having an Yeah. But I think like a b a proportional one is probably not bad idea, that's bl I mean an an absolute length is sort of a bit strange because that means that some utterances will not be changed in length. I know but we had that discussion before and I'm confused myself about what I think about it. So the fact that this is going on beyond that green line here is something that's not ideal, but that's something we have to sort out. But this is working in general. Does anyone have a general overview over the whole time issue, like as in what date is it today, what date do we have to have this presented, what day of the week is that and issues like that. So the presentation is now sh two weeks from today. 'Kay. One week from today I shall hear the freedom ring from the hills and and everything and shall then throw myself into new slavery. Ah. No really? And the report. Writing the report won't be so bad? How long is it expected to be? I know, but uh if everyone like if everyone is managing three pages for their bit, then that's gonna be that that's a big report then. And stuff. So Yeah, but evaluation. Ah. You think? We should probably inquire about that or like integrate tool tips that would be visible. Having said that, Dave, we could probably w like if we want, we could probably go back to the c um to the group directory and just use this trick. It really seems to be all about starting in the directory. But I mean if if the two of us are just working on it it doesn't make a difference 'cause I've already mounted your directory now. So And probably Mm. What? Well if it's just multiplying to numbers, it can be done in the programme 'cause then we can um because what we could do is have a slide bar where we can adjust this value. Actually if you can figure out a way like how basically a general way because there's at least two points at which we are interested in that. How we can just have a slide bar which we can read and write to, which is in a frame of that type. That would be good. It shouldn't be difficult, should it? I mean should just be Yeah, but it might be more diffi uh let's see, it you could if you're lucky, you probably have just to extend that class and then you can work with that value, but if you're unlucky it might be quicker to just write a very simple string component which is just the s just a bar. Yeah yeah, yeah. So because we'd basically it would be good to have two different ones to play around with, one for controlling the length of the summary, and another one for um for the merging factor, if we do it that way with the CHI metric. Yeah, yeah. It's it's just a single formula effectively, yeah. Um how is the audio thing going? Is that you've probably not had time to work on that. 'Kay, it seems that at the moment a lot of the stuff that has to be done at sort of at the moment I'm saying oh Dave, can you do that. So that's not ideal. Oh. Okay. 'Cause I think I mean the audio is a v in the end the audio is a very important component of it. Just because it's it's gonna look stupid if we have everything working but just if The speech tools. Hmm. Is there any way for X_ forwarding sound? 'Cause that would be sort of the nice way to sit at home and have it forward the sound at the lowest bit rate to you. I mean seeing that it's over broad-band it's forwarding the graphics quite okay, it would probably like broad-band-wise, band-width-wise, probably work out. But it's probably not and uh not a simple thing. Hmm. Y are you not creating files anywhere, like sort of real files? So that you can do on a DICE machine independent of w Yeah. One problem with S_S_H_ ing in general is that the machine that like on the only gateway machines, they hate you for doing anything on them. And there's no simple way, at least I haven't found one to directly in in a single step sort of S_S_H_ and then S_S_H_ again. Well actually I guess if you put S_S_H_ and you know c you can give a command outright after with S_S_H_. So if that c command is S_S_H_ again and if you that would require that you have all your key files set correctly, which I haven't, because it always fucks up on my system. Maybe if you get that working, then you should be able to directly go into another machine. Uh Yeah. Yeah. 'Cause a p a primitive version of the sound to have relatively soon would be good. I think Ok okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, good. So to come back to the problem we had before, so the reason why the summary didn't work well in the last one and works well now is because based on the bottom data the data is so homogeneously high in its imp importance rating that it just sort of then, everything else being equal, it took the first ones more or less. But now it's working better because now it's on a much more evenly distributed Well The most professional way of doing it would be to map them according to the standard deviation 'cause that way it au would automatically always that's sort of like it it's the problem is it's more calculation expensive and slightly more complicated even though it's actually like in terms of calculation it's not much heavier. But like you know generally about standard deviation? Yeah, it's it's a g it's a very simple simple formu it's basically just whatever, the average of r mean square differences from the mean or something, which the problem with it is that generally you first have to get the mean and only t only once you have the mean you know what In one go? Yeah, I've derived that I've derived that myself. Like I didn't find it so I did it myself and it took me a day with the formula. But then I'm slow at maths. So the the good thing about that would be that if you simply say that whatever, one standard deviation below the mean is zero and one standard deviation above the mean is one or two standard deviations or something, then whatever the data is like, it would always normalise. Yeah, it's it's not the simplest. But that like that's the most professional way I can think about it. Y that would indirectly also drop stuff. I mean that would drop whatever is below or above. So if you find that formula, that would be good. Otherwise I can see if I can still understand, like I did it in my programme. It's uh it's really stupid. Like the standard standard deviation formula just requires you to have the mean initially, and that makes some things exactly twice as computationally expensive, and there is a way of doing it cumula cumulatively. Hmm. So yeah, so that's one possible way of doing that. So the And that's just in the loading stage, right? Yeah, that should actually be fine, especially in the worst case we just introduce a small hour glass. But anyway, we only we only gonna present this once and we can probably just like sort of start it up before the presentation starts. So if we shouldn't at all be worried about it's actually it's quite beautiful, it's like if you b want a programme only to run once and only a part of it, you don't worry if it crashes afterwards, if it wastes all the resources, if it formats the hard disk in the end. Anyway, I'm rambling on. Um D No, it does not it does not if y I changed it. I just So You would forget that that means that you would start it fifteen times over and have fifteen zombies running. Um does anyone know anything about which DICE machines have sound cards and how to find them? 'Cause the thing is we can like this at the moment wor is working because it has a sound card. The interesting thing is that because it's structure of this, it isn't enough to just say well if you don't have a sound card, you don't have sound. At least I think that's what I remember our problem was, that Yeah. No. So I've worked around that there is ways I think to get around it, but the problem is So you b you basically we have to we have to have two code versions then, one for sound card and one for non sound card machines to test it on. Um because it you have to change all sorts of other things if you don't have a sound card. So there isn't a simple way to just tell which ones the sound card machines are and just to use sound card machines is there. We No, but I guess I mean if you just if you trust in Dave's summary for the audio, just putting all these things into sound then, then having a written summary Yeah, yeah. So the yeah. Yeah. So I think, Dave, really the easiest way is if you just make a sound card and a non sound card version of it. Because Yeah, but then that means that the girls can't test it. That's the problem. Like Yes, but without the clock you don't have well actually you're right, it doesn't like f it doesn't strictly have to do any movement in it, yeah. Yeah, but we have to comment stuff out for that, I think. Like at the moment if you click on a segment, it automatically sets the whole clock thing going and stuff. So we have to comment out stuff. So that's what I'm saying, that there is we could make it that a flag, couldn't we? We could just make that uh like a run-time flag and then make a few ifs and say if Yes, the p there is. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, so that's something we should probably do in one way or another because it seems just that the overwhelming majority of DICE machines don't have sound card. No, nothing c much to talk about this. So apart from like uh a search box and the similarity thing f once that kicks off, w which is gonna be horrible, but um this is more or less in the end, like this is very similar to what our product will look like in the end, seeing that realistically with the given time frame we're not gonna do amazing new things from now on. So I mean we'll hopefully be able t Huh? List of agreements? Okay, yeah. Okay. Uh yeah, I think it would be good Dave's right. It could be good in the display to annotate them in the display if we can. Yeah, we could just make Not just yet, but that should that's actually that's probably the only I can say I can do this week because that should be I mean I'll do it in an inefficient way. I'll effectively sort of go through all the segments and check if they're clicked on. But I think, Dave, what we should do is that th uh the time click of the clock, I think that's changeable. And I think we should probably increase that. Because at the moment it's zero point one seconds and that's just there is actually there are some background noise when it's working and I think that is because it's like doing so much every time. Yeah, it's probably because you d I'm not sure if you have the version where the display yet, where the display is actually updating up here when it's moving on. So I mean yes, it is because my display is programmed inefficiently. But I think with the t given time constraints it's probably easier instead of making a very efficient display code to just make the time make the clock whatever, zero point five seconds or something. Do you want the monitor? If I can skip more accurately, then Uh you're That's probably because it's coming from my resolution and it's you have a much higher resolution. So Again I think that's probably a good part if we had a slide b um bar initially where we could dynamically adapt the threshold of what we yeah, so maybe it's just like maybe b it's just good to have like some generic component with three slide bars or something where we can relatively easily add a fourth one or something, you know, and just like sort of all our fiddle factors. Um because Uh well it depends, we we could like in some cases we could put it as a feature and say, you know, you can dynamically like We wouldn't call it threshold, we would sort of like the granularity of decision or something like it. So and, yeah, and every and everything above that threshold I could then add the utterance where it occurs, just put a certain graphical item, like a handshake or something cool. Yeah, right. Mm. Yes, I was j it I was just thinking the same, like it's it's so tempting, like we we'll we'll have yellow we'll have yellow smilies and yellow angry faces. Ah, beautiful. Didn't somebody say that actually like a lot of agreements have have actual words which should suggest disagreement like? Yeah. Yeah. If they're corresponding ea for each thing, yeah, they should be right. So for each utterance you have one agreement and one disagreement score. Uh something like it. Okay, yeah. The one where we current Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what, if you can if you introduce um like a sort of a static, what's it called, public static int. So basically a constant like that's Java's type of a constant, and give them names, like so zero T_D_I_D_F_, one that probably makes the code a lot more readable for everybody who's playing around with it. You know you know what I mean? So just like whatever, three means agreement value, and then I'd just write something agreement, and then it's easier to understand for both of us what's going on. Hmm. I would also th yeah but I would also th Yeah. Yeah. But you know what, I think we should put the threshold for that one in the end quite high anyway. So probably it doesn't make much of a difference. Because I think this thing No, but like But I mean the fact that different ones have the same number in itself isn't a problem, is it? So if if for every yep you'd be sure that it's an agreement, than that wouldn't be a problem. So you're saying that you're not sure if every yep is an agreement or Hmm. So over over how many different over which length is this? Now this is like so the third column is the utterance where it occurs, right? Okay, so w I think we really do have to put the threshold quite quite high then, because Yes, 'cause it I was just I was just checking, you know, like how far apart are they, and at the moment that's definitely not a good thing to display if they're like an average ten ten utterances apart or something. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Again, I'd say probably a good way of going about that question is to have a control which we can vary in the dis and then just sort of because that's in the end how it's gonna be evaluated. You know, in the end it this is gonna li I mean we're gonna present it and say yeah, so this our it shows disagreements. And then we see what what looks good and what looks I think probably it looks credible if like an u if every sort of every topic segment has um w yeah, or like or like something in between the three and and five agreements, but not more. Or probably maybe less but not much less and actually the I think there doesn't have to be one in everything. N yes, but maybe in an expensive way or maybe in a stupid looking way though. Um Yeah, d I'm yeah, I was just thinking that it can act it can probably be done on display level. This one crashed. Mine just crashed I think, which is bad. It probably just it kept on playing and now reached some whatever. My God. Yeah. I think sort of the bottom line and which might well end up what it's gonna be like is that we take the single highest ranked utterance and put that as a t as a title, like realistically looking at this from the the time we have left to do this and stuff. There w Yeah? Yeah, maybe even on a s on a sing like i is that on a r like is that on a word basis, would that be single words? Or would that be 'Cause be check out what they would be like on a word basis. Maybe actually if it if there's one word which is very typical, I mean it's probably some word like uh, because that's like the only time that uh was spelled with three A_ and stuff. I think that actually that might be a problem of the whole um annotation that if they aren't exactly consistent in how they descri uh transcribe stuff like that, then we probably can't yeah. 'Cause that's when we're thinking sometimes, like why is mm high. But then probably it's the only time that mm was spelled with a dot at the end and stuff. So But yeah, like if if single w I c I have dictionaries. If it's just like I have arbitrarily long lists from the British National Corpus of when t usually Well let's say at least they do it uh consistently enough that I think you can filter them out fairly well. Yeah, so if you if like I mean if the single ha best one word for a for a segment is interesting, that would be really good. Seem to be having Use a random s 'Kay, we're going backwards here now, it suddenly crashes and hangs. Yeah, I mean that was that was sort of in the original of then, the nice fancy drawings that we gave Steven. I mean that was part of it that sort of within the segment you had these sub-segments and each of them had different words and whatever happened to our dreams? Are there assignments. No, I don't think we have. Yeah. Hmm. Poor man's solution is probably gonna be to have a a list Oh, so j you you are think of loading them all at once. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Even though we 'Kay. Yeah. Yeah, I think that like the dr the drawing has to be changed anyway, the it's not ideal at the moment. Um yeah, so if performance-wise it generally works fine for the display it shouldn't make much of a difference, 'cause I think everything in the display code is just from the first until the last one displayed. So if if the other performance is okay, then we should really just load the whole thing in. I'm very dis See, that probably just means that the display sort of has an internal knowledge about what level of zoom it has. So initially the display Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably fairly simple to do actually if we do it in that most primitive way of just saying as long as you display more than one meeting. Yeah. We then need some way of getting back up again in the hierarchy, but that in the worst case it will just be a static sort of arrow up button in the right hand topper corner of the display, and you press that and then you're on the display the whole thing again. But for that at the moment my display code needs that thing to work, the one oh no, that's working at the moment anyway, the one that I just say give me one hundred values over that length and then you're internally okay, but yeah, but uh that's okay, as long as my display I was just thinking my display can't handle displaying a million different segments. But now r no, but it doesn't have to. Even now it doesn't have to. Okay, well that's all details. Um so Dave, can you just turn this what we have right now in Yeah. Make Uh And if an If anyone feels that they have free time, uh this is a joke, um one thing that would be convenient for all sorts of things and which I haven't found out about it is how to do tool tips in an arbitrary way in in in Swing graphic displays. Now there is simple ways of doing tool tips over a given element, like if you have a button and you just give it a tool tip text. But there is means of doing tool tips that just I c I put my mouse over. Let's say I put my mouse over this line here and then it would tell me something about what it is. And that would be quite convenient for a lot of things because then we can sort of have a lot of information in the display in the in the way that just when the mouse is over it, but I haven't figured out how it works, and that's something that probably so if everyone is ever bored or anyone feels that they can do that Yes, but Yeah, but the the thing is it it isn't simply an act of setting a string default tool tip. There seems to be something about a tool tip object that you have to create and give it all sorts of different properties and stuff or Yeah. So anyway, I haven't looked much into that. So if if anybody looks into that, then let me know. Otherwise I'll start looking into it as soon as I have time again. But if anybody Yeah. I found some stuff about it on the web and it just looked to me like proper coding, like I saw half-page code samples which effectively just displayed a tool tip and I didn't have the time at that point to get deeper into that. So if anybody gets any good samples of that Never. Anyways, that is that it for now? No, but I'm gonna I'm going up Appleton Tower now and I have my external hard disk. So I can Yeah. Is there any DICE machines in this building? Freely accessible for me. Can you show me where because I'm actually not going to Appleton Tower at the moment. So then I don't have to go up and down. Actually no, but I have to go there anyway and put a piece of paper on two machines where some stuff of mine is running on. Yeah, and I think like I'll just I'll just kick in full time for N_L_S_S_D_ next week, 'cause there's nothing I have to do then. Apart from Cognitive Modelling, which I think I'll just do in five hours, three hours. you take a look at that? Hmm. I might just not go for the last question because usually the last question is takes half the time and gives you five percent or something like Okay. Really? Okay. No, maybe he has mentioned it to them, but they just never talked to us. I mean we didn't talk to them. So It's sort of coming as a shock to me now because I was sort of in this mindset. Like I first knew oh, there's a lot of time between the presentation and the report. And then I knew oh, now the presentation is shifted. But the correlation between those two facts, the interdependencies, there's some fancy planning language about that. But that Yes, it's um it's probably some version of the frame problem. Frame plob problem. Hasn't been clear to me. Well, I reckon that it I reckon that probab But if you just present the functionality of the thing, if you're not like I don't think this presentation is about the internal working. So yeah. So for a demo, I think realistically since everything in this university sort of works in one hour slots and stuff. So if it's two groups then it probably it's gonna be roughly half an hour-ish. Hmm? No, why is th this is gonna be so bad. Like there's gonna be some small l Yeah, but the performance is really bad at the moment on that one though. Plus we would have to get the speech tools running on my laptop then, wouldn't we? Mm. Well let's let's see. Did it it could just be fluent on the laptop for all I know. I mean like at the moment it's not too bad apart from I think the sound is stuttering and that's b I think because of the laptop. But we can only really judge that once we have sound files. How fast is yours, Vera? Mm-hmm. Well net would run on anything. But Yes. No, that's true. Yeah, that's true. Virtual Machine should be fine. But but but that all relies on finding some way of getting the speech tools to do their job. Yeah, see that's 'cause that's the thing, like that would rely on I just don't think it's a good idea to run the speech tools in No no no no, d wherever this is going, it doesn't sound good. Um We can he can use my laptop as sort of like as a as a server as a sound server, but that would still mean that we have to get the speech tools running on this. No, you know, I think I mean the way Java works is that t I think it'll run on on their DICE machine if we're doing it in if we well we should definitely test it the day before. Yeah. 'Kay. So Dave, are you gonna make something primitive that people can load their data in? Ok Yeah. Yeah. I'm not I'm not a hundred percent sure what needs to be changed to make it work with the to make it not crash if it doesn't have a sound card. There's there's quite a bit you have to comment out for that, which is stupid because I Yeah the yeah. No, but the thing is the display calls methods which probably expect some so I think if the display itself isn't doing anything clocky, so as long as in the main pr in the programme manager everything clocky is is removed, but uh i w it might be worthwhile to check how much work it would be to do it over a flag, 'cause then in the end i 'cause otherwise we always have two code versions, and people might be changing the wrong one. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's true. I just I know that like if you don't do it with the exceptions, crashes. That's what figured out. Like if you don't have a sound card it crashes, even if you don't use sound. Yeah, okay, cool. Uh I think the display has some method for it. I'm not actually like for the programme manager then to call. I'm not actually a hundred percent sure what it's called, but the display has some method where you tell it where to start and where to end. Yeah or there's gonna be something. Well actually, Dave Da Dave Dave Dave Okay. No sorry, I've uh I was wrong, I was thinking it's exactly the same thing that happens when we say set select no, it does not. But actually a set selection does everything you want sort of. No, but set selection doesn't update the display though, because well it it doesn't tell the display which part to di which part to to display because the display has just called set selection to If Yeah, but that only works that at the moment isn't done through our system, that's just done because then the time changes. So actually a time change would automatically put the position of the display in the right play. Uh no, but that's not a good idea, because that could well be outside the displayed area then. Yeah. So Yeah. No, I think the display has a method for that ready, which is called Anyway, the display has something useful for that. Something which probably starts with the word set. Yeah, you can set the window start utterance and window end utterance. Hmm. Alternatively there's always the method of just giving it a really high score. As a hack, you know, like just as long as you then don't well, probably people wouldn't know. Hmm. Well you could you could put one point one when the other ones only go up to the one. But no, it's it's not it's not a nice way, I'm just saying. Yeah, probably that actually true that if you're doing a search you're usually not interested in a condensed way but in the in the full thing anyway. Yeah. Yeah. I think proportion like I even though I'm I'm always getting myself confused about this, but I think sort of making the summary length thing generally proportion, like as a as a proportional factor of of its original length is a good way of going about it. Because anything with absolute length's sort of stupid because that means that a long long segment gets to one percent of its length and another one gets to exactly the same length and stuff. So if we're doing it by a proportion then just having one point zero or something makes it very easy to always end up at the actually that's what I've currently like the current code just takes a tenth of the summary length. So yeah. And that's the type of slider that we can actually leave in and like show 'cause that's that's functionality. Yeah, that's sort of like your level of the zoom. Of impending doom. Shall we quit here? Anything to be discussed? 'Cause I'm gonna copy that stuff over. Yeah, otherwise you'll you'll definitely see me in M_S_N_. So I'll just