Ah yeah. Mm-hmm. So uh which version of my data was that, the very first one? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, v I mean really doesn't matter. Just wanted to know if I'm just Yeah. Yeah, probably. Probably all these uh-huhs and uh-hmms are spelled differently in the thing or what's the problem. You should generalise.. Ah-ha. That's a very old one rather. I think those S_s and E_s and so on, the single letters, are because of the problem with my um first version of the text thing. 'Cause I think the Hmm. Yeah, but but perhaps more than half. Otherwise you go in too slowly, yeah. Um uh sorry, the only problem with the first meeting is for ex that there's no um a hot spot annotation for that. But I mean that's not not a real problem. M I uh think it might. Why, because um i um Steve lay quite a lot of um weight on um you know uh surfing through meetings. So we should at least provide an overview of different meetings of one group. At the beginning he um talked quite a lot about that. Um and what about the similarity measure for segments? Do we um also present that in this window, and do we do it across meetings? Uh I think that was planned at the beginning, wasn't it? Yeah. Uh okay. So it wouldn't be displayed in in the uh graphical display. Oh. Um no. I I'm just coming back to our initial idea of presenting some, you know, all the similar segments in uh across meetings and separating by uh some things like Mm-hmm. Oh, I I have that file. So just Did you overtake that code from the original thing? Yeah, but also speeding up the audios and s Um where we have a moving band the graphical display that also moves according to the Yeah. Uh f I'm pretty sure that I can uh always find something to improve there. So I mean if you need me to work on something else, um I can try to finish my stuff um early, but um otherwise I can still keep working on it, improving it, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, ten percent. So so you want um the dialogue act numbers to be um continuous throughout the corpus so that second meetings begins with three hundred um something. Couldn't we couldn't we just um take the um a name each um each dialogue act um meeting dot um dialogue act number. It would be a la longer name, but A problem um yeah. For example as there are not um F_ zero values for every speaker or on sometimes not for every meeting, um how will I count that up? I mean Ah okay. At the moment I don't even generate any document uh document for those. But because I mean it's not zero, it's just a noun. Hmm. But wouldn't it be better for the importance measure if that just wouldn't be part of it then? The Hmm? Yeah. Yeah, but do we really want do display them separately because the user won't okay, for now for our s okay. Yeah, but then the user would have to know about what s w was what and what contributed to the blue stripes and what contributed to the red ones. Uh I think that wouldn't be a good idea. Mm-hmm. Okay. Couldn't we couldn't we write one programme that calculates all the um f for all our different contributions to the importance measure the um a absolute um dialogue act numbers for the meeting. Because at the moment we all produce the numbers for each meeting separately. Yeah, but we should all use the same programme, I think. Would prevent us from having too much mistakes in it. Or at least uh the mistakes would be consistent. No, it's not really difficult. It's just Yeah, I mean I can do it. I can read in the different um importance measures and then re re-calculate the numbers. Mm.