Oops. Mm. After lunch. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Yep. 'Kay. Yep. Fine. It's okay with me. Yep. Regarding those sizes, which one you think will be light because we we have to take into consideration size also, so maybe a standard triple A_ might take lesser space or and dynamo might take more space. Uh Right. Night. And are these like uh what are the life of the kinetic battery, it like it runs for long time? Mm-hmm. Okay. We c Solar would be slightly expensives. It's twelve point f Another question is like sorry. W w which one would last the longest, because we don't want customers to be like you know charging like a mobile phone every day. A remote control, like, so we have to s look at the life also. Okay. So Mm-hmm. Okay. Second thing is yeah and second question is like, a mobile you can change the cover, you call it a skin or whatever. So in this case if you're looking at like a customer can change the colour like from green, parrot green to chilli red or something like that. So is that feature available in like uh titanium, or it's like only specific to plastic or Mm-hmm. Yeah. Something like Alright. That could be a good idea. It could it would be comfortable to hold on also. Sorry I didn't get the last part, you're talking of Just what you said I I didn't get the uh meaning of it completely, you're saying like Uh-huh. Okay. 'Kay. Absolutely, f for somebody who very often, if he would a person who switches channels very often or does use a particular function very often will find it very irritating to use a and he might spoil the touch-pad very fast compared to a button like, if you keep punching with an pointer or whatever. And just one small question before like you are, regarding the circuit, since we are hav having a flip-top, we can customise the two circuits for different type of buttons like we are keeping the standard buttons on the top and the more complex buttons under this thing, so we can divide the circuit like you know. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay, uh would like to share something which I did here. First thing is uh basically on design we just took the input from the previous meeting, especially from the marketing and industrial design, to check on the customer needs and feasibility. Second is we checked into competitors, the picture here shows one of the standard models offered by competitors here. So y you generally see there's not much of variety and like marketing team said uh, people need trendy, they are bored of black and white. So you generally see rectangular shape, very monotonous kind of designs here. And uh second thing is there's too much of confusion here. No particular remote is standard. Like, some some people have a Here you see this? This is on a I I I found th that uh only common feature is the ch uh channel control and uh volume control, rest other buttons, they are in a very disorganized and they are not consistent th with other models and all. Okay, and second as already discussed with William, we are going to have m maybe a G_ G_U_I_ interface in the f in the middle of the flip-top and g graphic user interface basically which is what we d do in computer, have icons or touch pad or whatever, which is Like you have on a l uh icons or something y you have is a good example of G_U_I_ graphic user interface. So basically not point or click Press any particular device, he just has to click on that particular icon to simplify. And on the top m repetitive buttons which are like volume or channel changing and all could be on the pointing device, that means the use of button. So he need not use a pointer to keep changing the channel if a person is frequent surfer. So we are having a combination of boards, so f on the s simpler board, on the top we have this button, rubber buttons, to keep frequently changing the channels. But Mm-hmm. Okay and you mean to the And the lower distance. Oh f perfect. So the findings are too many cluttered buttons. Repetition of certain but buttons which I already explained, example the volume and channel control buttons. All are confusing and in inconsistent. Okay we had a latest finding of voice recognition, there was a mail which mentions that our division has developed a new speech recognition s feature. We have to check into the for financial f feasibility whether we can incorporate it this at a low cost, but for like we had g um s response from the customers that they would like to have the feature of finding it. So it could be like, where is the remote, and the remote answers I am here. Some kind of thing or it gives a b bleep sound or some kind of sound and if this can be incorporated this would be more uh you can say trendy also? And technologically innovative also. So we we can check into the financial feasibility of incorporating this. My personal preferences would be like, as already uh marketing department, they want something to do with fruit so I wouldn't say the design should be like a fruit, but yeah we can take inspiration from fruit colours, like the vibrant colours, uh red chilli uh tomato red or whatever and second thing is cer certain standard buttons we should have, like for example, i if you see the previous slide uh I think most of the users would now be well acquainted with this cer central pattern, here, so we we we would not change h that particular pattern because i this is the most consistent thing in all remote controls. This is central one, the one you yeah volume and channel. So keep that m that standardised because that's the most common feature across all models, if you look at all the models, it's here. This and voice recognition. The kinetic. Mm-hmm. Maybe we could start with the black and white. That that way we could upgrade later. Mm. Mm. Yeah. And for the sorry. For the body design I think plastic, uh w yeah we could use the body, for the inside and uh rubber as a padding or for the grip, something like to add to the design. Plast right. It's Uh I it's different. Right. Acupressure, you could talk of acupressures. And finally the body should be retouchable, may maybe ch you can change the body or the case casing the case outside, it should be moulded it with the design in such a way you can change it every time. Okay. The rubber. Fine. Yeah. Fine, uh we were talking of voice recognition also because that we are not for how to look it uh remote control if it's lost. So, are we looking at voice? Or maybe like uh William was suggesting in the last thing some devices you put on key chains. For l yeah, the whistle. So we can if financially voice recognition is not feasible we could go for a whistle. Yep. Uh sorry I didn't mention this, but we'll be incorporating in the design. Fine. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Again a questionnaire huh? I think we are pretty going in a clear direction now.