Oh, Function F_ eight. That looks right. I'm sorry, what was that last one. Multifunctional and Ch Oh, I see. 'Kay. So as far as we know, um, a single function television remote control is us usable internationally? Right. D_V_D_s and V_C_R_? Okay. Yeah, I think I agree with the single design thing for now, because we're trying to do so much, that if we're trying to make a unique, user-friendly, dadada, and it's also multi also multifunctional, um, we're gonna go over budget for one thing. So Mm-hmm. Mm, 'kay. Yes I am. Oh, I'm not hooked up, but other than that, completely ready. Okay. Okay. Oh. I just lost my microphone. Just a moment. Okay. So I'll be discussing the functional requirements of this remote control. Um, and I'll give you a little briefing on what that means exactly. Um, if you all remember from the email we got before our very first uh kick-off meeting, with the coffee machine? The functional requirements of that was to produce hot coffee quickly. Um, so what I'll be talking about now is the equivalent for a remote control. Um, so basically what needs and desires are to be fulfilled. Um, I've done some marketing research, a lot of interviews with remote control users, um, and some internet research. And I'll show you my findings. Oh, and firstly I wanted to remind you about our company motto and purpose. So we believe in providing international market with fashionable products. Um, hence our motto, we put the fashion in electronics. So I think that should be our priority here. Um, and we should also be looking to trends in clothing and interior design. Not just in electronic fashion. So that it's something that fits in the household. Um, we should be looking towards trends in both clothing and interior design. Any trends that are going on in, in the public, even media, you know who's famous, what T_V_ shows are being watched, um, to influence our remote control. Okay, so the findings. Um, seventy five percent of users of remote controls find them ugly. Which is a, quite a significant number. Um, the other twenty five percent didn't specify if they love them or found them, you know, neutral. Eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. Current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. Yeah, they're willing, they're willing to spend money on a remote control with personality. As opposed to your basic, you know, oval black, all same size button remote control. Um, so it is something that people care about. It's not, it's not ignored in the household. Um, seventy five percent of remote control users said that they zap a lot. Zapping meaning they go through channels a lot. They're you know thumb-masters. Um, and fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons. That A very small amount. Thought that was interesting. Yes. And actually to go with that, I'm gonna give you some statistics on the uh relevancy of the buttons, how much they're used. And uh how important the uh users find them. So the power button, obviously, in an hour is only used once. Hopefully the person's not turning on and off the T_V_. Um, but the relevance of that button is nine out of ten. So people wanna be able to turn on the T_V_ with the remote control. Um, as opposed to standing up and turning on the television set. Channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight times on average per hour. That's a huge amount. This is the most important button. Um, so obviously when commercials come on they're changing it, so as you said we want a durable button that's not gonna run down. Relevance of that button, our users found was uh ten, ten out of ten. Uh, ditto for volume selection, so ten out of ten. And it's used on average four times an hour. Not as much as channel selection, but still significant. Um, audio settings is used on average zero point eight times an hour. Relevance is two. Screen settings, which means brightness, colour etcetera, zero point five times an hour. Um, and relevance of one point five. We're getting to specific statistics here. Teletext, um, now I'm not too clear on what that is. I don't know if you can help me. Flipping pages. Is that So like a running banner, underneath Oh. Okay. Okay. Like tells you the weather, and Okay. Right. Alright. Well I guess I'm not with it, because I wasn't But it's, it's being used fourteen times an hour. Um, and has a r a high relevance of six point five. So it looks like something that we're gonna want to do some research on and include on our remote control. Um, channel settings. Zero point zero one times an hour. Relevance of three. Channel settings. P Sorry. Changing the channels? Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Um, so it's not used very often, but people still find it relevant. Okay. Um, biggest frustrations of uh the people that we interviewed. Remote controls are often lost somewhere. So that was already discussed by Poppy. How we could have a, an alarm system so that people can find it. Um, takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. So it should be very user-friendly, you know. People know what to do very quickly. Um, remote controls are bad for R_S_I_. Ah. Is that what it is? People with arthritis and such? Um, maybe our designers can look into that. Um, buttons that don't require, you know, very firm pushing, if they respond. But we'll have to also avoid, you know, buttons responding to the slightest touch as well. That's a problem. Okay. Did you guys uh get that one down? Um okay, here's some ideas for you. A large percentage of the public would pay for voice recognition on the remote controls. So I'll show you some numbers here. Um, so the youngest age group, fifteen to twenty five. Ninety one point two percent said that they would pay extra money to have voice recogni voice recognition included on their remote control. Um, and you can see that number decreases a bit with ol s Interestingly enough, twenty five to thirty five is the lowest amount. Um, that would, are willing to pay extra. So I guess we're gonna have to figure out what age group we're, we're targeting, and if and if voice recognition is something we wanna look into. And if we have the budget for it. Um, if we are targeting young adults, it looks like something that would pay off. Seeing as ninety percent, over ninety percent would pay for it. Mm-hmm. So that, that's a whole other field of research. I don't know if it'd be, if we'd still have a remote, or if you're talking to your television and saying change channel. Um and depending on how many members you have in households. So it m it may be too complicated for us, but it's something to keep in mind anyway. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It looks like Mm-hmm. It'd be like the ultimate remote. Um okay. And th the last thing here was a, an L_C_D_ screen. So, I mean voice recognition might be a little too extreme for us. Not practical. Um an L_C_D_ screen though might be something that, you know, you can shift through pages kind of li the way this PowerPoint is working. So that you don't have so many buttons to deal with. Oh sorry, just, just a screen, like a computer screen. S Or like um Yeah. Or Like an alarm clock. You'd have an L_C_D_ versus just a, a normal clock. Oh just like an electronic screen. As opposed to just buttons. There would be like a little, like on Yeah. Like on the top of a cellphone, the the little L_C_D_ screen. Um, now that's, I, I dunno exactly what exactly we'd put on there. I guess the channel that you're on, the v the volume setting. Mm-hmm. Well I guess that's something we can all take back to our respective research. Um, and finally, whoops, my personal preferences and thoughts. Um, I think our priority really should be unique design. Um, we want something that people want in their home. Every remote control looks the same, so uh in my opinion it should be, um, user-friendly and unique. So the other stuff might be a little too, a little too gadgety for some people. Um, I th myself, voice recognition kind of scares me off. So if we're, if we're aiming to make this an international university, universally accepted product Um, and for all, the other thing is like age market. I mean if we wanted to concentrate on fifteen to twenty five years olds, we could go for the fancy stuff. But if we wanna make fifty million, and and have everyone want this remote control, we should maybe stick to the basics. Mm-hmm. Right. And we have to keep in mind the, the reliability of our research. I mean, you know, a sixteen year old boy would say, yeah I'd pay extra for voice recognition, until they realise that's three months allowance. Um, so I I think, I think the older generations we should be catering to a bit more. Yeah. Yep. Okay. That's it for the market research. Yeah. Maybe we can do the There you go. Oh, come back screen. Hmm. It's probably R_ R_R_ in yellow. Yeah, I think. Okay, so I Are we going to write off the L_C_D_ option? Yeah? Okay. So no L_C_D_, no teletext, and no voice recognition. Yeah. Never heard of it. Um, well I guess, just from my findings it looks like we wanna minimise buttons. Um. And the What was the word they used? F findability is important. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. On the buttons? it doesn't It could it could be a tactile thing as well. Um right, if w if we're minimising buttons, we might be able to make them actually larger. And there's something on it. S you know like up arrow down arrow for, for volume. Um, and I don't know what we could do for, for channels. S The numbers themselves. But then the like up button and down button for the channel, channel changing. Yeah. I just thought that it, it might be sucking more battery power, if there, if it is a light up. I'm not sure. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I guess the other option, referring to the battery thing is, you know how cellphones will t light up for fifteen seconds or something, when you're s and then it goes, so if, if you're like changing the volume during a movie. I know, I'm thinking of mostly when you're watching a movie you turn all the lights off right. And you don't want to turn on the lights, to turn it down, because there's suddenly an explosion, and it's gonna wake up the baby. Um, so if you touch the button, it kind of reactivates it. It lights up for On self timer. Yeah. Oh, just if it was kinda the same way that a cell You know how a cellphone will light up for about ten, fifteen seconds when you touch a button, after having not touched it for a while. Um, if instead of a constant light up on the, on the remote control, if it lights up for ten seconds when it's touched again. Yeah, and you, you touch it and it just kind of lights up a bit, and it gives a faint glow. So if you have all the lights off in your living room, you'll, you'll temporarily see it. Because usually you're not fooling around for it for more than what ten seconds. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh right, the Mm-hmm. I was gonna say, Exactly. It the it might be perceived as tacky, glow-in-the-dark. It's kind of like Eighties neon-style. Um, whereas we're trying to be trendy and fashionable. So Mm-hmm. Mm. That's true. What um Oh sorry. Yeah well, I was just gonna throw out there the thought about um personalising the remote control. Um, it, you, 'cause you mentioned face plates. So I I dunno if there's something that diff, you know like five different face plates. I dunno if this will start making it more complicated, but it could increase the popularity of the, of the remote. Um Yeah, Exactly, like an iPod. Exactly. Or, or like mobile ph. And I dunno if we'd want to go with like T_V_ show themes or something. Like a Bart Simpson faceplate. But Mm-hmm. Exactly. You could start out with three, and if, if we hit it big then we can add some on. Mm-hmm. Right. Right.