Yeah, yeah I was getting that impression as well. Etcetera. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. That screwed in? Yeah. 'Kay, Okay. Um this is uh all about the design of the actual components and the availability of the components we have in stock at the moment. Okay, first uh the Into the method. The the main idea of the whole thing is just so you sh you just press buttons and it should activate things on the T_V_ and we discussed last meeting that it should be easy to find. Um also in this study I've looked into the availability of some of the materials, 'cause some of the things that we looked at last time aren't un unfortunately aren't available. Um, findings, I've got my nice little picture there. This is uh the chip called the T_A_ double one eight three five which is what's used in pretty much every remote control 'cause it sends out standard signals, based on your input and um it's pretty much used for all all T_V_ remotes at the moment. Um and then we we're loo looking into battery options. There's um actually no rechargeable option available, so we I saw the um the standard double A_ and triple A_ which we thought were a bit bit too bulky at the moment, dynamo charging, I thought that that might be a bit silly to be to be honest, people won't it's it's basically like wind-up radio. So you wind up your remote control before you use it. It might You Yeah, yeah, oh yeah I presu you wouldn't have to wind it for very long, but I don't I don't think it's really sort of necessary when you th you think of the next two options, like the the solar charging, 'cause most people have the light on in the room anyway so they could get when when you got T_V_. No. Is it? Alright i Yeah it would the d yeah the dynamo would take more space 'cause you actually need a physical sort of handle to wind up. Yeah, okay. But Yeah and most people most people also watch T_V_ in the in the night anyway. But I I think I think the the next one's the best anyway. The the kinetic charging which is like you get it in r you get it in wrist watches and you d you don't even notice it. I mean the amount the amount of probably moving around you'd be doing all the time would would charge it up, I don't think you'd ever need to actually physically start shaking it up to make it work. Um yeah it's it charges into um some form of it's a smaller cell which it charges into and uh the si the size sort of a watch a watch battery, 'cause they use them quite frequently in watches. And that'll that would l would last for um well I do I d I'm not entirely sure how long it would last but I've never seen one run out. Yeah. Yeah and Yeah but then again I I think it is because if you think about it, the watch, although it's only a tiny amount it's it's um it's always moving for the whole day and they don't run out over night when you leave them on the side. And th for the same the same reason, you're only using it for a v incredibly short amount of time just to send the signal and then you're finished with it and you put it no no I do I don't think the the draw on it would be Mm. Ye yeah I think I th uh g y you could have a dual um power thing but the the thing with the solar cells is you would need to put them on the case and they because, if you lie on a calculator they they're qui they're quite big and they all they all look i identical. They're they're expensive, they don't Yeah the normal batteries would be the cheapest I'd presume then it would actually be the the solar charging ones, um but the It's i I think they're not very resistant to dropping, 'cause if you drop stuff yeah if you if you have y the size you'd need to charge a remote wouldn't be that big but I mean if remotes always get thrown around and stuff, so. Y I think yeah, practically. I mean calculators you don't really throw around a lot whereas remotes you do, they can t Yeah they do, they yeah they've got dual things, but they're the batteries are smaller I think. Mm. W m yeah so the Yeah the the s if you if you had something du uh using the standard batteries and the solar charging, um, I don't think you'd I think the it would d well you know how long the standard double A_s would last in or triple A_s would last. Yeah I think i I think it would, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, well I'll move on. Um, my second part of my findings uh the mo most current remotes use this silicone uh P_C_B_ board which pr printed circuit board, which basically has these contacts that are really close together and then when you press down on the rubber button, it'll connect the circuit and each each switch is connected to two uh different legs on the chip and so sends a different message and that then uh gets translated by the chip into a code and then it's fired out of this L_E_D_ in the sequence of l on and off bursts. Well well this the thi the thing about is um they they can be as big or as small as you want them to be because you can you can print circuit board like that that it's it's simply spaced like that so you can have fit the n the size of the nine buttons in. If you if you see how thin the tracks are, you could you could s you could put them virtually right next to each other and have a much smaller switch on each one, if you if you wanted to but um the there is an option to do to do it like that, or you could have some sort of array of switches which I'll speak about in the next bit so that And then to uh yeah, so to conserve battery life the remote should be in a standby mode no while not being used. Now what I was thinking about that was 'cause sometimes when y when you have these things, they've got little lights on behind the buttons, so you can see what all the buttons are, like on a mobile phone, they do it more often than on a than on a T_V_ remote, but you could you could have lights behind the buttons and um after like five or ten seconds of not being used I'd have that turned off, if we decided to go for buttons that could light up. Um, the case material, I've a been sent what the factory can actually give us, the there's the plastic which I think we were gonna go for anyway as the main case case housing and the the main problems with the well you could go for wood but I think it would be a bit impractical. Titanium um very expensive just to process, which to make it is expensive, and rubber, well you're saying that people like this uh spongy feel this year, so perhaps uh some something made of rubber, but I was thinking more of the buttons, because the buttons which they've they've said that they've they've put across are what is used in some stress ball manufacture and it's meant to be anti R_S_I_. I'm no I'm not sure how that would work because surely your fingers would still be moving over the short distances but that's what they said. Um the problem with the casing is that uh there's quite um there's quite a few design restrictions that they've got on the shape of the case. If you go for titanium they can only do a standard box shape, whereas if you come to plastic they can they can be a little more they can they can do sort of curved shapes. But whether whether or not because we'd have it in two separate units for the flip phone. Yeah. Yeah I th Uh. Yeah in in titanium I don't I don't think it would be available at all really, the ju just it w well you could make it available in the titanium, it was just it would be so expensive to buy a new case for it, because of the expense of how much titanium is is it's light and strong but I think it should be left for aircraft design rather than for for a remote. Yeah, yeah. Rubber, yeah. And you can peel them off yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. T Yeah. Also the just just going back to the interface designs with the buttons, the I kno we were planning to do some sort of touch screen. Now what I was saying before about instead of having you could have just a bare P_C_B_ circuit board and I'm sure you could probably get it in different colours and so just by touching it with your finger it'd make the connection over if you had them close enough, that would be one option. Um the second option th they offer rubber buttons, but I thought that an L_C_D_ type of screen 'cause one they're incredibly thin um and don't take up much space, two they you can have them in a sort of array and you can arrange the buttons on the screen in a sort of set thing and you could have them like a touch display. Uh what what Oh on the on the L_C_D_ screen you could becau you could fit it the problem with it basically is that it's flat and so you can't do lots of curve curved things with it, but um you can you wouldn't have with the L_C_D_ you'd have the wires coming off, you wouldn't have that with the with the L_C_D_, you'd only have that with the printed circuit board. With W also with the Yeah. You could have a flat screen inside, yeah, but I'm just wondering whether we want an L_C_D_ screen inside. It wouldn't be like full colour, it would just be black and white, but there'd be touch touch buttons, so you wouldn't be pressing down on 'em, w or we could have rubber buttons which are made of this material which is anti-R_S_I_. Is rubber. Mm. Yeah I hadn't I hadn't really thought of that to be honest. Yeah you could, you could have some sort of stylus that you could pull out but I I think they could get a bit easily lost, 'cause I had Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah okay. Yeah that's yeah that that's the end of m my Yeah. Uh yeah. Yeah yeah that that would be fairly simple, I mean you'd you'd actually have two separate you'd have two separate circuit boards but they'd be joined by wires or like some cabling between them, 'cause in the in the actual flip bit you'd have some linking. Mm. Um. Yeah. I mean you can you could do it, you could have a 'cause if you if you just put the full charge through an L_C_D_ display it'll completely blank it out, but I don't know if you could get any mirror effect on it, I'm not sure about Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you if yeah if you have like buttons that appear on the screen in this L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah but you can do it with your thumb li Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah we Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah I think I mean if Yeah it is it is qui it's quite a cool feature to have and also if they've got it if they've got these parts already in stock, then it won't be cheap to re-manufacture them, uh or it will be cheap sorry to re-manufacture them. So do you reckon that's a good idea that, where's the remote, I'm here thing? I think that would be quite fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah to s th well it's it's not as expensive as it would be if it was full colour 'cause if we've just got a black and white one, I mean they use them in calculators so. Yeah. Well you cou um. K no the kinetic ones come come with um a sort of w watch a battery that goes in a watch. So it's a lot smaller, so it would Yeah. Yeah the well I think were we're going for the L_C_D_ on that one, on the buttons, on the on the on on the top one we're gonna yeah. On the bottom we were gonna have the rubber, the rubber ones, the anti-R_S_I_ ones. Um, okay on we've got the flip the flip-screen, the top one is gonna be the L_C_D_ and the bottom one is gonna be the rubberised buttons. Plastic, okay. Yeah. Mm no. Mm. You can you can just Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah j with these rubber these rubberised ca not the actual uh plastic outside case, just the rubber thing that goes round the outside. Oh yeah, yeah the whistle ones, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, depending on the expense of it. And they've got in stock, so yeah. Yeah. Okay. Did it?