Okay, yeah I'll go first. Can I grab the Thanks. What do I have to press? Oh, F_ eight? Oh right, yeah. Okay. Maybe Yep there we go. Okay this is uh the working design, presented by me, the uh Industrial Designer extraordinaire. 'Kay, this is where I went a bit mad with PowerPoint so. What the first thing question I asked was what are we trying to design? Well, a device which basically just sends the signal to the T_V_ to change its state, whether that be the power, or the channel um or the volume, everything is just um some sort of signal to change the state of the T_V_ or other appliance that it's sending the signal to. Um, so I decided I'd have a look at what th other people have designed and try and take some inspiration from that. But uh although we will want to be taking ideas from other people, we wanna make sure that our design stands out and I thought that was something that well it wasn't really my area because I'm dealing with the inside really. So um, yeah I ran out of time so I couldn't do this one as fun as the last one. Um and uh I found out that most uh controls use some form of infrared to send signals to the T_V_ presumably because of the cost issue of uh something like uh the same thing that computers use, wireless and, you don't need to send very much information. Um, most of them are powered by some form of battery. Now our one, I'm I'm not sure whether we want to look at the size issue because most of them are powered by triple A_ batteries but those can be quite bulky so I d I didn't know if you wanted to look at something else um so we could shrink down the size of the control. Yeah sure. Um no no, if you if you look at if you look at most remote controls they're quite they're quite chunky and that's because of the size of the batteries, they have to be obviously this certain size to fit those batteries in. Yeah the the well you can you can get the sort of circular round ones but I'm just wondering about power consumption and how much you need to send the data across. Um, and d which leads sort of onto the next point about 'em being small and easy to carry round. Um, now the ones at the moment are small but I was just wondering if we could look at something a bit smaller. Now the main components I came up with um were obviously the power source for the batteries 'cause otherwise it's not gonna work, uh as I said about the w which batteries we were gonna choose, we can uh discuss that later and then you obviously need something to decode the information that you're putting in from from the controller and to turn it into an i uh infrared signal which we're going to use to send the information. Now these have a wireless range of up to about five metres which is sort of suitable for anyone who's watching the T_V_ unless they're in a cinema, which not most people do so as we're applying to the most audience that should be fine. And then I was uh just had a quick look at the external design but I d I left that mostly to the uh interface designer. And so this is what I had as the basic idea of what we wanna do. It's not a proper circuit, I'm not sure if it'd work or not, I'm not even confident that those are the real um the real way you'd wire it up but anyway, we've just got the the power going to the infrared bulb with the chip and the uh U_I_ interface um which would basically, when you when you pressed anything it would the chip would convert it into some form of I_R_ data which could be decoded by the T_V_ receiver, which obviously means that we're gonna have to conform to whatever um whatever form of communication that the T_V_s are already using and since that that's another use and reason to use that infrared because that's what all T_V_s use at the moment. And then finally, um we want uh the it to be available to a wide audience at a low cost so all the components that I've put forward are uh low in cost so that that should be good. Um it should should be different enough um from the alternative products to get a good consumer base, we were talking about it before and also just something that I was thinking about, uh because they're small they're also easy to lose so if we could look into some way of d dunno some anti-going down the side of the sofa thing that you could have, I th that was just sort of a general point there. And that's uh yeah. Alright okay, and yeah, that's that's what I came up with there, so if you wanna Ooh. Function F_ eight yeah. No, no yeah it's just. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sure. There we go, I've got a bit more of the cable. There we go. Uh you should be able to and yeah, there you go. Okay. Huh. T yeah yeah. I d well I dunno 'cause uh the w if you've g Yeah. If yeah and if you got if you got a Sky box, they have one of those plus boxes, you can record straight off the T_V_ anyway so on to on to like the T_V_ hard drive or so. Yeah. Yeah. Ju um just as an idea on the uh speech recognition thing that pr it'd probably be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing and they're not that great anyway. Alright, okay. Alright, okay. Yeah. Yeah but um on on that again I just thought 'cause you can get those key chains now and you whistle and then it'll let off a loud noise to let you know where it is so I thought that could be quite a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well y yeah you could you could have a number of different designs I mean inside they'd be essentially exactly the same. Just yeah, yeah. 'Kay. Yeah, yeah that's what I was just yeah. No, well no 'cause you wouldn't have to you don't actually have to press them you just Yeah. Yeah. Mm. But also er ergonomics as we're saying with the different designs, ergonomics uh there's sort of physically different things 'cause um if you've ever seen the X_ Box they had to make two different sized controllers because people in Japan wouldn't buy it because the controller was physically to big because um they're c uh just generally Japanese people have smaller hands so they couldn't get round the controller which is uh so if you I don't know what 'cause you obviously you can have bigger buttons for some countries or something and smaller ones for others. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I yeah I was just thinking about how you could combat that 'cause without without doing something where you have to move your arm around to change the channel and it becomes yeah. Yeah, speech recognition, but yeah. Mm. Ge uh Yeah. Video plus. Yeah yeah. Just whack in the number. And you w yeah. And you wouldn't you wouldn't need uh a whole host of extra buttons for that, you just need one 'cause you've already got all the numbers there anyway, yeah. It's not Yeah. It's been been around for a long time it's just it's not very well advertised as to how to use it and things. Mm. Though if y if you've got something like Sky anyway you can just click on it you can just press the button on the programme once and it'll record that programme when it's on and you press it on it twice and it'll record the whole series. So that yeah. But just to have that function would be would be really good. Yeah. Mm. But the only problem is that with a mobile phone you signed for a contract so they um the companies who uh who you deal with have actually they've they've got an obligation to to help you out and also I mean it's it's fair enough to have some sort of help service but I I'm not sure how much the cost would be of having Yeah, I mean I mean instru instruction books I feel c I reckon can cover that. Yeah. Department, yeah. Yeah. And they're yeah, they should be f yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's the uh yeah. Um they're they're specially made for the for the mobile phones, but they come with a charger, I mean you could you could bundle a charger in with it but Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and if yeah if you if you had if you had one of those uh just coming back to your other point about pressing the button and setting off the bleeper in the room that could uh Yeah on that as well so. Yeah some sort of docking station or yeah. Yeah yeah th yeah that that'd be fine, and also that would mean they wouldn't have to go out buying batteries all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.