No on the desktop you'll find you should find that there's a project documents link. A well actually just there. Yeah. That's it. If you dump it in there. Your username. Okay. Excellent. Right. Hopefully that's us ready to uh to go. So. Functional design meeting. We'll have to flesh out some of the uh stuff. Um we'll start with the minutes of the last meeting. Not a lot thankfully to say. We introduced ourselves, discussed the possibility of a macro facility, interac interacting the T_V_ a bit more, um mentioning of bar-code, joystick for user manipulation, um and ergonomics of the remote control as well. Um it's come to my attention the following. Teletext has become outdated due to the populat popularity of the internet. Remote control should only be used for the T_V_. Um due for uh time to market and possibly also cost issues. Um also key is the corporate image should stay recognisable, um f uh your colour and slogan of course is down at the bottom there. Um. Now. Just to say quickly uh I would have thought that only being used for a television the macro facility may now not be required. Um or at l its functionality would have been of limited use. So to the point in my opinion anyway that it might not be worth pursuing. Um if anybody disagrees we can uh definitely say so. Um and hopefully we'll just crack on and we'll get everything going. Um I'd like to if possible hear from our Marketing Expert first, to help us gain an idea of where we're going to go. So um I'll just load up your presentation from here if you want. Yep. Sorry. Uh. Is yours the Oh sorry. Okay, right. Uh if you that's all right. If you do you want me to just cycle through it for you or? Yeah? Okay. Okay. Yep. Okay, yep. Mm-hmm. If you could uh sor if you could speed it up a bit, yeah. If you could uh speed it up a bit please, yeah. Sorry. Cool. Okay. Excellent. Right. Um. Hear from the User Interface Designer now I think might be an idea. Um, you've got your presentation now, is it on the is it? Okay. Technical functions? No. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Right. Um, if we could hear from our Industrial engineer, or Designer. If you look on the desktop you'll find that there's a link to the project folder, or project documents. If you save it in there we can open it up from here. Are you finding it okay or? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Oh. Yeah. Ah, don't worry about it at all mate. Okay. Well. Oh sorry, I'm I'm interrupting you. Are you is it yeah? Okay. Right. Um, right we can probably skip that for now. So, we've had some stuff put forward, um along with the new user requirements, um we've had a lot of kind of input I'd say so far. Um I hear what the Marketing Expert's saying about um voice activated control. However I've got a couple of worries about that. The power required, um and the ability to the cost, it seems like for uh an embedded system, this could cause us issues. Um for example you see that there's fairly robust services on uh computers via uh via voice, I_B_M_ do um drag and dictate, but these require a lot of memory and usually um state quite advanced processor requirements. Um voice activation could be an interesting idea but I think that our Ind Industrial Designer would probably upon some research say that it's maybe not feasible. Um that's just my view right now, however the idea of a joystick and then maybe an L_C_D_ which has been kind of put forward so far, it's almost like having a small T_ not T_V_ to say, but if you can control almost all of the functionality from the display, I don't know how much power an L_C_D_ would take, but it might be quite low? Well literally um if you can imagine the display maybe slightly larger than um those on a a mobile phone, something where you can read an an um fair amount of information, traverse maybe quite a few menus, if we maybe used mobile phones as a good example, they usually incorporate they have the keypad, and then evr all the other functionality is usually associated inside by traversing around. That could be one possibility. Um and then we could have like say the common buttons as you say, volume control, changing channels We I would agree with you. Mm-hmm. That would be my feeling as well, I think we could possibly create quite a useful user interface. Um now I mean I don't sorry, go for it. I think it could probably be aimed at most people who've used a mobile. And that might be just another way of saying try to target most people. Um, if we are if we were to follow that avenue, we might be s you know um we're kind of almost relying on their experience with a mobile phone I suppose. But that does cover a very large section of the people out there. Um, I mean I imagine as well that the actual L_C_D_ and maybe to a certain extent the joystick as well would be for the additional functionality. Which maybe doesn't get used as often, maybe it makes it easy for them to figure out how to um change the channels as in the frequencies and such for reprogramming it. Um and you can still have the main buttons that allow the people to turn the machine on and off, d up and down, it depends, I mean maybe we have the fol um the joystick as a separate one for the other functions then, that there's just a a small number of as you were saying uh buttons that have already been defined. So like we go for the nice standard um up and down for and volume control. So that literally anybody can come along, pick up the remote and still know what do do. And they can completely ignore most of the functionality which would be for say the o actual owner of the the T_V_ and who would normally use the unit. I dunno. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well this is a requirement that we have to stick to I'm afraid, this isn't one that I've just arbitrarily decided on. So um this is this is one of the solid ones that has to be obeyed, for now. So I can understand your point, and I would agree with you, but this is our design spec for now. 'Fraid to say. Um I would say so, yes, because then we have to be able to control the remote boxes, and that is a separate unit. Um I think that it I would say that the design spec we've been with is for the television only for now. And until we hear otherwise we should go with just that. Okay. Maybe we'll hear differently, but for now It would be ease of manipulation of certain functions, yes. Um There is that possibility, yes. B However I don't know exactly where we'll be going with that, but it might not even be the avenue of the Marketing Expert, that might be sales, who are not in this meeting. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well, something else that you brought up was uh the ability to lose a remote, which as you said you've done, in fact we've probably all done. Um, I don't know if it's a gimmick or not, but have any of you ever seen those odd little key rings where if you whistle, it will beep and you tell you where it is. Um. Well the other option of course is that um the well I was going to say clapping, um Um digital telephones, uh for example, one unit has of course you have to have that base unit, somewhere where there's a button, but maybe it's a button that you attach to the T_V_. Something which you when you press that, it would beep to give its location away, on the remote unit. And that could be something could um separate us a bit. And that way, because we're attaching what would be a small button to the T_V_, again say what, it would be a small transmitter, um watch battery type scenario I would say, or something that if it was problems enough you could actually even just um I don't power that might be something that we could look into. Yep. Yeah, it's uh putting a lot on your shoulders there, so I mean that could be something that separates us a bit from the market as well. So. To go on from here. Um we have to decide exactly what we're going to do with the remote. Before we leave this meeting, it would be best to say this is what we're going this is the design we're gonna try and get, this is how we're gonna make ourselves look unique. Do we go for maybe a remote contro uh sorry, we're gonna go for a remote control obviously, do we go for a small joystick that would operate say changing channels, up and down, and then, what, another button that would say that it's now being used to manoeuvre round the L_C_D_. We could use say the left and right for changing channels and the up and down for volume, and Okay. Mm-hmm. Vol Volume selection okay, yep, the teletext we're gambling with, and we're gonna say it's dead, the way of the dodo So we well, sorry, we could maybe even go as far as saying power button, small joystick, L_C_D_, and then what maybe is it one more button to say that you're using the menu system, and with the possibility of pushing down on the joystick to say okay? So we're having very very few buttons involved, but navigation around a menu for most things. Okay. Okay. Um Okay. So um we're actually that sounds like a rough idea. Do we incorporate the idea of trying to f locate the remote control again via a beeping noise? Do you mind looking? The ability to locate it again. So that would require a um transmitter maybe attached to the T_V_, just so that it says find me, and what, a basically a small microphone um on the actual unit, can maybe hide it in the base. Sorry? Some speaker, sorry, yeah. Um E us we might be better with the sound possibly we could maybe incorporate th e the true fact, considering the cost of an L_E_D_, we could just incorporate it anyway. The L_E_D_s can be surprisingly bright now. Um. So by the sounds of it, with what we're suggesting so far, your design um the user interface is still quite open, you could go for quite an interesting design. Because we're only going to have a very few key and you've got you know a small L_C_D_, joystick, e I think it leaves you open to a a potential wide range of shapes, something that can make it stand out slightly. Um if you could look into what we've suggested so far, the feasibility of um small transmitter, um and such, maybe if an L_C_D_ screen requires too much power, or such. Ebenezer, um, Marketing Expert If, yeah if you could maybe as well see what people think about the idea of this minimalist approach that we've taken, where of a joystick to control the very basic functions, and then the idea of manipulating it like you would a mobile. I don't know how easy that will be within the time frame, but could be something we could maybe look into. Okay. Um any last comments that anybody would like to put forward? Anything that they think has been missed out. Bit of a wide open question there of course. Feel free to email me if you think that uh we've screwed something up and wanna get it rectified as soon as possible. Right. Speaker and L_E_D_ for locating, um, transmitter getting the external power source, yep, that's quite true. Um, and something that we can can easily be adopted at the last minute as well I'd say. The electronics could be s either placed externally or internally, makes no difference to the final product of the actual remote control, so that's good. Uses maybe gives us a new potential market. 'Kay. Oh, one thing that we've almost not talked about at all, my apologies for that, um, user interface, we also need to maybe get the slogan in here, um it's, I'm pointing at my laptop, what in God Real reaction, and such. So um Oh, sorry. My apologies. No it could well be, I've probably missed that. Um, I think that's l almost the last minute thing we can just incorporate into the actual plastic on top. So I'm not too concerned a that we haven't gone into depth about that. But it might be something you could consider when you're thinking about shapes? In fact we might like to put a slogan on, and um possibly the two R_s to signify the company. Rather than real reaction. Sounds good. And I'd say that that's us for now. Okay.