Yeah. Yeah, about four fifteen, yeah. So, you said um are are we starting with the the so will you maybe start with like the mm the shape and things and and then I will explain the the user interface th uh things, like the buttons and the scrolling things and Well, but it's it's just an a approximation. Uh yeah. Rubber. Yeah,. Um it could be made a bit smaller, and and of course it would be and yeah, but um one thing we actually kind of um forgot while designing, that one side was supposed to be rounder, so we said the back side round, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's spongy as well. So so uh the user interface as as we discussed last time uh mm on on the on the cover we just have the very basic things. So we have that n uh channels here starting from um uh one two three there would be numbers in in the on the actual one. So it's four, up to four, up to seven, up to nine and zero, z zero here. Yeah. And then, well this is on off button. It's it's quite standard mm place for it and and also the colour is quite often red, so it's it's kind of user friendly. And then these ones would be for flipping the channels back and like the previous one and the next one. And and we would also have a l little um thing saying here, previous and ne prevon prevon next. The volume is is scrolling. On the side, this one. Yeah you just do it like this. And and and it's it's on the back is mm cover or back lid, because if you flip it open, you can still do the scrolling here. See? So the volume is you just scroll, but then once you flip it open, okay, there there you have the screen and and you have the mm spinning wheel with options to choose. You can move back and forth and then if you need to m choose something on the screen, you just push the cen mm the middle button. A mute button. Well, we'll have this on the screen, on the display. Well, but the but the mute yeah, the scrolling is kind of you have to scroll all the way to make it mute, right? Okay, yeah, okay. Yeah. And okay, so i so the the voice recognition is also just part of it. You can't really see it in the interface. Yeah. And we do have the logo on it as well. So I think it Yeah. Yeah, I think um we could do l the logo in grey, as it is on the website. In the actual one. Yeah. So if you have questions. Yeah. Yeah, the yeah, it's definitely attractive. Oh, the locatable thing we actually forgot. Yeah. Shall I just prepare it now? It will be red, too. S seven was th the maximum, yeah? I I go for seven. I would think yes, yeah. Yeah, so y so we we might do we might want to do like a uh another m model another another version, which is like exactly the mirror image of this one. Yeah. But then then I think left-handed people are already used to discrimination anyway, so they just Yeah. Yeah, because I mean anyway, right-handed people would be able to scroll with it, so i if the majority are right-handed, it's uh Or maybe six, because it's just one one i one among the issues, I mean. Yeah. Yeah. No, yeah, but mm but we have it nicely with the hinges here yeah. So it won't be a problem, it will be and it will be it won't be heavy. Yeah well yeah, but it's it's a bit long. It's a little bit long. Well, I mean it can be opened like this of course and yeah. S uh slightly smaller. Yeah, but if we flip it open only as much as that. Mm that you stick on T_V_. Yeah well w but l but the speak sample speaker is included, so it it has some capacity to mm to do some to make some sounds, so yeah. Yep. Yeah. If uh uh if this means intuitive, if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things and it's I th I think it's Yeah. Yeah. Um uh the ergonom ergonomic design well mm I mean I d uh I dunno, I mean the the repetitive stress things, but then who would be really pushing the buttons so much on the on the remote control anyway, yeah? See. Yeah, so it's kinda Yeah. Yeah, it does have yeah. Technologi well Yeah. Well mm we have we have the sample speaker as well, which is yeah, it's kind of new. But at the same time they are all they are all relatively new. Six. I mean how how far can you go with a remote control, really? It still has to do what i what it has to do. Yeah, isn't it fashionable? Yeah, sure. It's the maximum fashion. Fruit fruit and vegetables are fashionable these days, so. So I think we've done very well, but What's the assessment? The average is about six and something. A little bit over six. No, wait, a little bit under six. No, wait. Oh, three sixes, okay, yeah. Four sevens. Six point something, yeah. Six point five, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, yes. Rubber. I think something coloured, yeah, probably. So I think this is probably special co no? Yeah. Or maybe maybe if you want some kind of pattern thing on it, yeah yeah, okay. Yeah. We have pushbuttons, scro we have scroll wheel as well. S yeah, yeah, we had, for muting, yeah. And we have L_C_ display and yeah. Um Yeah, but what do we ha we have L_C_ display, but but the wh but the s spinning wheel Yeah. Okay, let's yeah. We have to count all of them, or yeah. But it was very no innovative innovativeness. Well um yeah. Well the speaker uh the sample speaker is is expensive, but we could just have some some very very easy device that just beeps. This would be Yeah, yeah yeah there you record your samples your speech samples and Yeah, then then we would be in the b budget. Yeah b no no, you can push this one, but we don't have a pushbutton uh we ca we don't have this muting mechanism for this scrolling thing. Mm-hmm. But I mean we can put an additional mute button on the top as well. If you Mm. So Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well we're going to have a beeping thing. But yeah, it's it's not like sample speaker, but it will just beep, so we still have the locate. Which colour, the the colour of the phone or the colour of the But it can be yellow as well. It can come in the same colour as the the case. Yeah mm, as far as creativity is concerned, yeah I think there was there was room for creativity. The only the only problem being that at the end we had to cut some things down because of the the budget we had. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the m the means were very very good, the means we used. And the pens. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and and and this time also the time limits but actually preparing the Yeah. But yeah, but I mean already just just preparing the slides before before the meeting, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was I was satisfied with with the leadership, yeah. Mm-hmm. And then the teamwork I think I think it worked quite quite nicely, yeah. To express them mm mm no. Well it's it's it's pretty new, pretty novel solution for a for a remote control really, all this flipping open thing and Yeah, neither neither do I, but I've never seen anything and and none of my examples were was was like this, actually, so. Yeah maybe w maybe we could have a patent on this one. Patent patent patent. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. And my main difficulty was the the time pressure. Otherwise it's it's all fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, it was a pleasure working with you. You can make some animals. Oh, you don't like anim It doesn't? Smells quite nice. Smells very sweet. I made your animal for you. Yeah, that's the one