No, you'll ha have to open it up from elsewhere. Yeah, you have to you have to close that window. 'Cause that's the save one isn't it, so And then find it. You pass it round to have a look. Mm very nice. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it is, yeah. Cherry would be alright actually. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Copyright, yeah. What's this this one? What's that one there? Oh, okay. Right. Uh-huh. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'll see if I can find them. Have Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. So if you had to do a presentation or will you just work it on the prototype? That's the pr Okay. we should plug it in. Do you wanna plu do you wanna plug it in into the the back of that one. We could do it as we d go along, the production costs, looking at the prototype. Well do we'll do it on the prototype, so do two, see how much it is. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think you just do one, don't you, for the I think I think it's just it's just a one. Else I thi I think I think the button supplement i is just a supplement for all the buttons made in a different material, rather than per button. I don't know though. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You've just gone off the window into another one. It's on the bottom row. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we have to have it Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Shall we shall we evaluate the prototype as we've got it now first, and then sort of make decisions about what needs to be changed after? Okay. Right um, I have a little thing. So, we've all got a note of it's thirteen point seven, isn't it, with everything we want on. Yeah, I just had a presentation to do. Mm-hmm. Mm. Right okay um, This is about the evaluation criteria that we use for the the prototype we've got here. And so the method is that the design team makes a prototype, and we evaluate the prototype against some criteria that we've formulated. And those ones are gonna be in response to sort of market research, and also finance, I guess. And do that on a scale from say true being one and false being seven, so if it's neither true nor false, then that's four. So, I got a set of criteria just based on the marketing that we need to add in a financial one as well, at the end. Um so, We have to say whether it's true or false that the product looks and feels fancy. Um The whether the product demonstrates technical innovation. Whether it's easy to use. Whether it's incorporating sort of the fashion element to attract the buyer. And whether it's a sort of recognisable Real Reaction product. And I have to go up onto the whiteboard and do this apparently, so I'll go over here. Right. So the first one is um, does the product look and feel fancy. So if we do a sort of a one So Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of but I think What Is one false, or is t one true? I forgot. One's true, and okay. Seven's fal Four is neutral, okay. So Right. Okay. Right. I gonna put underneath so I've got some more space. So, false is seven, true is one, and So uh say about a two for fancy, you think? Okay. Okay, well d you do an average at the end, I don't know. Um Uh-huh. This this is just this is just for like the look. Does it sort of look fancy rather than functional. So Yeah, so that so sh should we go for a a two on that? 'Kay. And I mean, how much does the product demonstrate technical innovation do you reckon? D yeah. Okay. So, what about the pr The prototype as it is, we've got we've got the speech recognition on it, haven't we. But not the kinetic. Alright, so So it doesn't It's pretty The prototype as it is isn't sort of um fulfilling the Okay. Yeah. Right, okay. Mm-hmm. S I'm just gonna check my email. I'm just gonna check exactly what it said in the email for um the product. Okay. But I Okay. Yeah., I just read the email again and it sort of says it's evaluate the design sort of as it is, I think, so I think we need to think about finance after we've sort of evaluated that design. I don't know whether we're doing it in the wrong order or something or. So, I mean does this need to go up a bit or something, 'cause we've got both the both the um the speech Yeah. Yeah. Um, for for innovation, so we've got the speech the speech thing, and Do you reckon a two? Okay. Two. And the next one is I'll have to get it back up now. Okay. Um Say about a three maybe? It's a two. Yeah, this is This Yeah. So this is about sort of the corporate image of like new sort of sleek technology and all that sort of thing, as well as having the logo on and all that. So sort of Is it sort of a recognisable product. Does it fit in with our other other products, which uh are sort of coffee makers and spacecraft. What do y Yeah. Uh-huh. So Two or three? Yeah. Two or three. How Two. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah we s yeah, I think we sort of add them up so sort of at an average is gonna be I'm just gonna do this in my head. One point eight isn't it or something. I think, anyway. So yeah, pretty close to a two. So So it's I mean it's pretty good at the moment, but it's gonna get worse, isn't it. But we've gotta try and make sure it doesn't get too bad. Yeah. Do you wanna plug it into yours so we can get up the the finances I'm not sure. Yeah. it's come on already. Mm. Yeah. Different different colours, yeah. Yeah, I was I was thinking that because maybe maybe the sort of rubber case is a bit less in sort of the corporate identity than the sort of you know sleeker plastic case. Lose a little bit on the fashion, yeah, but And then Yeah. Yeah. Well I thin I think you you you just need two for the special colour 'cause it's just two supplements, you know. One original colour and then sort of two supplements, I think maybe. Okay. So we only ne we only need two for that. 'Cause I mean these these are moulded. The one colour's gonna be moulded out of a piece of plas uh of rubber, isn't it. Right. Yeah, that Yeah. Okay, so tha So shall we do a Well, um Yeah. Yeah, so Uh So it's w if we've if we've put in for another special form on a button, then maybe they could be a different shape. Like we got a cherry one. Maybe other ones could be something else shaped. I don't know. That would be poss seeing as seeing as it's cheaper to make them a different seeing as we've got, you know, we've made it a a special form, so And that would sort of maybe keep us close on the sort of the fashion type one. And it would sort of, you know, keep it quite fancy as well, I don't know. Well you could Yeah. Yeah, I mean the volume buttons could be lemons or something, maybe. Okay. So, we've what have we what have we rid of. We got rid of the plastic. Is it The rubber. Yeah. Yeah. But uh So I mean, we've got we got rid of the rubber case, but we've now s we now sort of got an extra form, and an extra colour for the buttons. So maybe in terms of sort of fanciness and fashionability, we're pretty much the same, maybe. So, I mean we could maybe put two again on them. Yeah. Yeah. And what about the sort of innovation? Do you think Okay. And then, the corporate identity. Yeah. Whether whether that's considered to be sort of part of the corporate identity, I don't know. I mean, it's maybe not. I mean Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, well I mean We cou Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, what what what's the company colour? Did you get told what the company colour is or Oh right. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. Uh-huh. 'Cause you've got sort of we've got point two to play with if you really wanted to. Another colour. Or would that be t Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Shall we save the point two for profitability then? Hmm. Yeah. I mean it's the sort of thing that, I mean, you wanna pick up the controller and just hit a button quickly to change the channel or volume. So, if it's dead obvious, then that's fine. But if you're opening the panel and you're looking and you're tuning, then you're paying a bit more attention. So it may be sort of different colour buttons isn't so important. 'Cause you Yeah. So Yeah, I mean so we've dropped the cost, but Same sort of function? The criteria? It's alright. Just made a load of money. Well, but I think we said that w Because you got rid of the rubber, we put an extra an extra sort of fruit um shape on one of the buttons. le lemon sh I think well, we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones or something. Or something like that. Yeah. Did did you have to have a rubber case, though, for rubber buttons? Or was it the other way around? Right, okay. Yeah. So that so we've saved Saved two Euros on that. Mm-hmm. Well, we're aiming for um one for all of them. M but it really has to fit into the budget, so I guess we just have to adjust things to get it i in the Which is fair enough. Yeah. Yeah, I think most Yeah. Yep. I don't know. What's on the agenda? Uh-huh. Finish your meeting now. Yeah. Okay. Oh. I thought some of the divisions though between sort of the individual meetings were a bit arbitrary. Yeah. Well, we were finding out various things in in be in-between the meetings, and they didn't the one meeting didn't always follow on for the other one, you know, sort of we had things thrown in at the second meeting where, you know, you'd looked at the remote controls and seen the curviness, but in the first one you'd also looked at some remote controls and looked at the buttons, and I don't understand why it would be in separate meetings that you'd do that. You know, you'd sort of you'd probably present it at one or something like that. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the thing itself. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But think like it was a bit restrictive just to say that you have to design a television remote control, in a way. I mean it depends what sort of business you're in, I guess. I mean this one seems. From the website it looks it's quite innovative, but we're coming up with some bucket shop product aren't we that's, you know, fifteen quid. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean if you look at their products on their website here, Real Reaction, I mean it's all pretty high-tech and cutting edge. And Yeah. Yeah. we did find a new idea, I mean sort of a kinetic remote control. I've never seen one of them before. batteries, I think. So Mm yeah. Yeah. Mm. That went okay, yeah. Mm-hmm, yeah. I don't think sort of the budget um allowed us to do anything Well, I mean I don't think it I just don't think it fitted in with the rest of their products. I mean, they've got all these sort of, you know, high definition D_V_D_ and portable seven inch d um lightweight computer screens, and uh I'm thinking, do you know, one cheap remote control doesn't really fit in. Surely they they should produ Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It worked. Comput computers could be a bit difficult at times but I think there's a little there's a little um chi There's a little there's a little chip, I think you must plug it into something and it produces a I don't know. Whether it just produces a big image of sort of everything you've written or something, and Page after page. Yeah. Kinetic powered remote control. Um, what was the other one? Vo yeah. Voice recognition, yeah. S Almost. To fill in these fill in these questionnaires Oh no. Hmm? I think that we've got two questionnaires and a report on the last meeting.