Okay, it's a I think if we both step up and uh outline our ideas. Okay. Now do uh doing the prototype gave us a bit more insight into the ergonomics of the design. Um for one thing, it turned out that the only point at which it needs to be articulated for handedness is um is h i is down here for the uh L_E_D_. As it turned out, the whole thing transfers from the right to left hand fairly well from the point of view of operating the uh function buttons and joystick, though it might be an idea to be able to a adjust the positions for the base of the joystick just a little bit for uh ju just a thought. You could simply have a slightly ovoid shaped joystick that could then just be turn uh twisted round, so that the uh sticky uh so that the bit that sticks out a bit more is on one side or the other. But as you as you see with the uh with holding it in the left hand, the L_ uh the L_C_D_ is nowhere useful, so that would need to be articulated uh if we're going to retain ergonomic design. Um now I I got your note about uh keeping the cost down. Yeah. this design could be done with um with uh plastic casing. Though I would recommend around the grip part here in the middle, having maybe just a rubber grip over that which would allow for a slightly more sort of bio-morphic form, and a bit more ergonomic as well. As for the um as for the single curve, um well this edge and this edge, like I say it would be nice to have some curvature to it, but it's not absolutely necessary. Really the curve that's most needed is the underside so that the jo so that the joystick rests over the the edge of the hand like this. Um and you have the uh transmitter here and a wee speaker for the uh for the uh for the uh fi uh for the remote control finder. So. Any further comments? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I mean the uh Yeah. Yeah. I mean with the with the rubber design it could i you know it could pretty much mould very much to the to the user's hand. One nice wee feature if we could if we could still do the rubber, I though of was to have the uh rubber extend beyond the end of the uh of the rigid substructure. So it has a wee sort of tail that you just drape over your wrist so it stays in position nicely. Mm. Lovely. Um. Okay. Yeah, that's still part of the design. Mm. Mm. And making it a bright colour helps with the personally I would have gone for purple. Mm-hmm. I'd say number one. I think w if it was just the sounder then th I mean something I've found with uh w w with say tr trying to find uh a cordless phone or a m mobile, you can hear it, but you can't quite pin it dow pin down where it is. Bu Yeah. Mm-hmm I suppose o one thing that could be done is h is have it um circular and have it s so that the uh the pink actually goes a bit over the pinkie finger. Mm. So that uh th Mm. Mm. yeah. Mm. Mm. I think if we remove the the L_C_ display then there was absolutely no point to any of these meetings and we just we could just put our branding on any other remote control. Mm-hmm. Um yeah I mean one thing, I mean ho uh how much extra would it be to to keep I mean keep the um the articulation? This is what I'm wondering. Oh no, I think I I it d that it needn't require it to be double curved. It's uh it's just it's just it's just that the case would come in t would be made in two parts and then joined together with an articulation. Mm. Yeah, I mean and I mean the uh I mean if you look uh if you look closer at the uh at the prototype here, the lines here along the grip are actually quite straight. Um I mean yeah, on the on the L_C_D_ I mean although we've done it with a curve it could just as easily be done um without curves. The curve that's really needed is up here, to put uh to keep the joystick in a good ergonomic position for it to have it rest on the top of the hand. Mm. Mm no that's that voice response thing that we got the email about. But I thought it was just completely pointless. Yeah. Alright. B i basically it was saying that our labs had come up with a chip that you could, you know, say hello to, and it would say hello back in a friendly female voice. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay, well l let's say that and then we can have our special coloured case and then we at least have make it a little harder to lose. Because most m most remotes are a fairly dingy colour that gets camouflaged under any pile of crap in a living room. Or grey. Yellow. Okay. Three. I think we can do three. Th the special colour doesn't would I think make a difference. It makes it stand out from you know it's lost in a big pile of crap, it stands out from the rest of the crap. Two buttons and a joystick. Totally. It doesn't get much fancier. Mm. Mm. I'd give it a three for this for that. Yeah. I mean the menus thing is something you don't normally see on um on a remote, but you see it in a lot of other places. Mm-hmm. I'd give it a three. Mm-hmm. I'd s I I'd give it a six, to be honest. Well I I I would sa I would say give a s give a selection of colours. Um we went with yellow we went with yellow for the prototype 'cause we had yellow. If I were buying one, I'd go for purple. Leopard print would be cool. That's kinda i it won't be when it's been budgeted. I I think s I I think this isn't not particularly fruit and veggie. Um. Mm. I'd I'd I don't think fruit and veg is the sole criterion. Is the sole criterion for being um fashion fashionable or inspired by current fashions. Um I'd g I'd rate I'd rate this fairly highly from that point of view actually. Mm. Mm. Personally, I think given that the product um only replaces a single remote control that you've already got, are people really gonna shell out twenty five Euros for something that's only marginally good? Mm-hmm. I s I suppose one thing is that b because it's technically innovative, um for someone who's sort of technophobic, the fact that it simply looks unfamiliar would be daunting. Um. Yeah, got notes and doodles. Well I think this is a I think the digital pen's mostly for the benefit of the uh of the researchers studying this. It's all p goes into their corpus. Though it would have been nice to be able to transfer the um transfer our n our paper notes onto the uh computer ourselves.. Unti uh uh until uh until accounts came along, squish. Yeah. Mm. I mean I th I mean I think to r retaining the s the more sort of bio-morphic form in the articulation would gain more in s uh would gain more profit in sales than it would lose in uh in added expense. Such as it is. Actually I want th one thing I would say I mean something that could perhaps be part of the product mm the um m product testing market research process would be to uh produce mock-ups of both versions and see just how much of a difference the over going over-budget um m would make to sales. And we could even you know, market two versions. Wee cheapie version with the nice bio-morphic rubber. Yes. Mm. And I can get my bus. Okay. Thank you.