I'm Stephanie and I am the User Interface Designer. So you want us to draw it and then talk about it? Or just draw it? Okay. Why don't we do both. Right. Mm, I gotta think about it for a second like. Uh Does it have to be functional, trendy and user friendly? Um. Okay, I'll draw. I'll draw one. Make sure my things here. Uh-oh. Right. Okay, my favourite animal is see. Oops. Yeah, it's Yeah, I guess it has a fin on top too, yeah. It's my dolphin. I like its tail. Um, no, I think dolphins are really uh I dunno, they're smart and they they're cute and they like swimming and that's cool, like they're graceful yeah, and they're so Yeah they're sleek and they look intelligent and I don't know, they're I guess it's the whole like binocular vision thing. Yeah he he doesn't look that smart. He's a I dunno um they're I think it's cool the the um the interaction that or the th things that the reasons people seem to like you know you get ex you know people are sitting on the beach and p they're like oh look there's dolphins and it's kinda like but they're you know they jump around in the water and they're happy and they're mammals, but they swim. And the pen's dying. Horse. And furry. Textile tactile, tactile remote control. You're dragging a you have a tail. Sorry can you just say that what's the what are our price goals again? Okay. I was thinking that too. I think we should design something that has like a so you can like somehow like you I mean you always know where your T_V_ is, so just have a call button, I've always wanted that, so like you can push a button on your T_V_ Yeah, yeah yeah yeah, so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't yeah I mean it but like I mean just I mean like your phone even just has so like it can vibrate, it can light up and make noise and I dunno. Yeah. Yeah, or if it had a yeah. Yeah, I mean Yeah. Yeah, in in the couch. I dunno, it seems like though that that would be hard, 'cause you not you're not gonna be lazy anyway and Yeah so we the project is now couches and remote controls. Yeah. Yeah. Bigger. Hand-sized. It can't be that hard to put some kind of a noise on it. Or like or like a light thing. You know. I dunno. Yeah. Or make it mobile so it runs around and comes come find you yeah. That would be really I'm sure we could do that for twenty five Euros a pop. Yeah. Uh. I also think though that it shouldn't have too many buttons, 'cause I hate that when they have too many buttons and I mean I know it has to have enough functions but like, I don't know you, just have like eight thousand buttons and you're like, no, you never use half of them. So. That would be cool. Yeah. I mean it just seems like yeah. I guess they would go together somehow? I dunno. I'm thinking kind of Or like you h you see those you know people I'm thinking of like celebrity cribs kind of things when like they have all those these things that at their house you know their their entire house is so electronic, and they have like this one master control that and it's like a hand held like turns on everything sort of control and it has like a screen and like so I think it should be possible to have some kind of a screen, I don't know if it must be it would probably must be ex too expensive though t like I dunno. Yeah, yeah. Yeah that's true. Mm. Well, I guess we have to get to that later, yeah. Furry. Yeah. Mm, mm. Yeah. That's me. Uh, User Interface design. So technical function. What is technical functions exactl I I don't really know what It does but it I just don't really Yeah. What effect should the thing ha should it have, okay. Alright. And working design. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Alright. And how it works, okay. Right. I'm I'm on task.