Is it working? And so think of this concept. Um to research it I've um had a look on the the homepage again. It's provided me with more examples of um previously existing c remote controls. Um there's a wee bit of discussion about the other existing ones there, um so I've taken the um suggestions from them and tried to incorporate them into this um So then this we're looking for um suggestions on size th um size of control and the buttons, um the shape of the control, and whereabout the buttons should be located on the control. Um what I found from the research is that most the current controls are just basically big bricks with loads of buttons all over them. Um they're not very attractive to look at, and they're not very comfortable to hold, they're I just hold 'em like big bricks, and they're very easily lost. Um they tend to be very dark colours, so if there are shadowy places down the side of couches you can't really see them. Um the the controls themselves tend to use a very inconsistent colour scheme. Um for instance, the stand-by button isn't always red, uh it really should be. It's uh something the user then uh identify with. This is a red switch off, that's how it should be. Um I'm not sure if there's any other examples of that, but something to look out for. Um there's a problem that I've I've got couple of preferences for the the end control um I get 'em with the the red colour button for stand-by and s the other examples of that um The buttons should be large. They shouldn't be tiny little things like you get on some mobile phones. They should be easy to press, very comfortable. Um one of the examples given on the homepage was um there's an up and down volume button but both of them have a V_ on them, so the up volume button looks like it should be a down volume button, that's kinda confusing. Um should avoid s things like that. Um if the the corporate colour scheme allows it we should have a very bright colour so that it can be easily identified anywhere. Um obviously trying trying to avoid being tacky there, but it could um tie-in very easily with your your lime and lemon idea. Fantastic. Um any extra features we add beyond the basic ones should be m hidden, they shouldn't be on the um shouldn't be visible without something be opened or some sort of special extra effort. Um if we did decide to go for voice activation there sh should always be a button as alternative, possibly hidden in the the opened up section um making that something is wrong with it or with somebody's voice, maybe they got a cold or Um we should definitely avoid the big square block look. That's just wrong. And um we got an email uh from I think it's the the research department, and they've said th the voice control um can now talk back if you ask it a question. So it sh it could be good to have them um confirm any action you take and possibility. Right and these are problems I've had with it. Um I don't know where the slogan should go, or really what the slogan is. I think it's um, fashion into electronics. And we don't know how flexible the colour scheme is. I mean you say you wanted the the corporate colours, but they don't say you know if we can use any other colours at all or That's it. I think I'm cool. Right. Right. Um I think we could go for like um maybe not a p a fruit shape but a very sort of curvy type shape. Um you could have the same sort of texture and colour as a fruit. Um probably something that s sits in your hand comfortably, sort of feels right in your hand. See I'm I'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape. Um so a p sort of larger bit sits in your hand, and then you got maybe another bubble at the top for just any other function you need. Um something like that um you got two groups there um maybe it could fold up and you get a third group inside or uh you have volume controls about there. So I reckon it'd look quite nice if we just had um this here, had a sorta background yellow, and then have sort of a nice bold colour for the buttons. I think that might scare me. I think that'd probably scare me. You turn it on your control possessed s. Um Nah. Um well I think the advanced ones the the ones you don't usually use could be hid inside. B um I think the we had were fairly basic ones, they'd have to go on the the front somewhere. Um Yeah I think so yeah. Mm. Well, but then for um for skipping a large amount of channels you do have to uh to skip the channel button, the number part. Uh but Yeah. Mm.