Okay. Yeah. That's okay. That's okay. Okay. Okay. Um, do I need to plugged in. F_ okay. Function F_ eight. Sorry about this guys. 'Kay. is on. Right. Okay. I will take this time just to apologise. I, I only, uh, received my emails later on. 'Cause I was too busy carried away doing my own thing, which is not obviously not a very good part of a team-working thing. But there we go. Um, so I was looking at how we're going to go about the working design, and what we actually need to do, and what the remote control needs to do. And it needs to um allow a person to have a portable desi device, so they can control the television from wherever they are. They don't need to actually manually touch the television set. So, it gives them much more flexibility, and allows them to be where they want to be. Um, from Uh, on a functional side of things, we found out that wh from our previous meeting, we decided that there're certain points that will make our product unique. Um, one is the visibility in the dark, which was um Genevieve's idea. So we need to think about how we could bring this in um technically. And we could use illuminated buttons, which we are all familiar with when we're using a mobile phone, or um something fam familiar. A automatically, um lights up at first touch. Or we could use fluorescent materials which would just um take in the light during the day, and then as soon as they go off they would glow in the dark. Um, also we could use um an alarm. So if we lost the um remote control, perhaps there could be a button on the television set itself, which you could press, and then an alarm from the handset would sound where it was, hopefully in the room. Maybe behind a cushion or somewhere. Um, so that would work. Um, oop. Go back there. Um, another thing I think we d missed out on on the last meeting was the fact that we should consider the environmental impact of our design. Um, from previous researches I've carried out on other projects, um we've learnt about smart materials where um um specific alloys of metals have a shape memory. So they can be heated and um and cooled, and they change the shape of um the metal. So, for example, a screw that's holding something together could expand and it would force all the components apart. So um, the benefits of this for our product would be that when it came to the end of its product life, if it was heated, um everything would spring apart. So, all the um individual components could be easily separated, and then some could be reused, some could be recycled, and I think that would be very important for products now. Especially 'cause there's much uh responsibility for all the um companies who are coming up with like new designs. 'Cause all, we all know that our resources are being limited, and we have to be very environmentally conscious. Yeah. Um And then Yeah. Yeah they would, um you would make the, the product as you normally would, apart from the, the bits that hold it all together would be made out of this shape-memory alloy. And that's the part that would um allow all the other parts to be separated at the end. I mean, the user would return the p product to the company, 'cause it's the product's responsibility to get rid of what they've made. Um, and then the company could then just use, make use of this shape-memory alloys to split up the components, and then either reuse some bits, and other bits which are obviously gonna wear out with time, or not usable, they might be like be able to put into scrap metal. Something like the case, if it's scratched or something, you would want to reuse it, but you might be able to melt it down and reuse it again somewhere else. You could we could probably empl em employ a, a side company or something to do that for us. But it would be our responsibility to get that done and to dispose of the products that we made. For a certain percentage at least. Not every, not a hundred percent of everything we produce, but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I the fact of the shape-memory alloys is that they, they don't need to be manually de um deconstructed. Like, you don't have to individually um unscrew all the screws. Because of this, their properties are smart material. All you need is just the heat, so they self-destruct themselves. So I suppose it does need like high contact, yeah, you know high uh quality machinery, and very specific machinery, but Yeah. Okay. Um also there is um components. This'll be how it uh will actually work. But I haven't put this plan together yet. There we go. Sorry, should I go back. This would actually show the circuit diagram. Although I haven't come up with the final circuit yet. So I just put all those components in. Yeah. I it just shows what sort of energy source. It could be a battery, like rechargeable probably. Um, an' yeah, well how the infrared will actually be sent through the chip to be received by the chip on the television set itself. Okay? So, now is it F_ eight again to escape? Or escape? There we go. Okay. Thank you. There you go Tara. Function F_ eight. The one at the top. Um, I was just wondering about the, what, what Genevieve said before, about having like some hidden controls like having the outer casing. And that would probably, um, I d, well well what you said before about it being a more profitable simplistic design. I suppose having that would complicate it a lot more. And limit the design. Do you think? Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. the single function. Yeah. Yeah that's a good point. It's like the news. Or like information. The and what's on. It's like It's like very basic internet. Sort of, um Yeah, it's just information that um, like television timetables, what's on, what's on now, what's on next, on every channel, and Yeah. To get the right reception and picture, I suppose. Repetitive strain injury. I think. Oh, I'm guessing that's what it is. I'm not Mm. Yeah. Yeah. It is. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. And if there was conversation in the room at the same time, although in theory it doesn't tend to be when you're watching television, but could be very difficult to get the specific uh design. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. What, what would appear on the screen? Like linked in with the teletext, or sort of like an teletext at your fingers, without having to access that through the television. Mm, Yeah. Could be. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Complicated jus complicating things even fo Mm. Okay. Can I just interrupt? Would you like to plug in your Have you got a PowerPoint or not? Okay. Thanks. Were they, was the management suggesting use of the internet rather than teletext, or just avoiding both altogether? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Just Okay. Work on that. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. More research required, I think. But if Was it a management decision that we're having Okay. So Okay. 'Kay. Minimal Yeah okay. Yeah. The same signalling. I mean Or vibrate just the same as a mobile phone. Like you just a, a buzz or something. Yeah. If Do you mean the the link between the Well, if the button was actually on Oh, yeah. Maybe Yeah, yeah. Maybe something adhesive that you could like stick onto the back of any set that would be um yeah not very obtrusive. Obviously something small that's Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Pr probably. Unless it could be Okay. Um, unless some way, it could have some universal connection to like the socket, the same socket that the T_V_'s supplied from. I mean the power for the T_V_. So, mm, more research into that one. Yeah. Y Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like a raised Yeah That's true. And also y, uh Heather you mentioned before, um like how it should be accessible to everybody. Um, so like big b um buttons, for people you are visually impaired. The glow-in-the-dark or light up won't make any difference anyway. So like you say tactile might be better, because it'd be more available to everybody. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, it's not these days. I mean, it's quite easily accessible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So self-timed lighting. Um, I Yeah. So, self-timed Yeah. Yeah. I think the shape of the numbers is a really good idea. And I think that's un unique as well. I mean, I haven't seen that. And as you're saying like numbers can wear off if they're just sort of like painted on, you know printed. durable. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Repetitive strain injury. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, and we could Yeah there are now like loads, or a huge range of different colours that it could light up in as well, which could like link in with the company colours. Like it could be blue or green or yellow, or like we've just limited t with the, just ordinary phosphorescent so Yeah. Every time the, that it lit up, you c that could light up as well. Or, or the, whate Yeah. Is Okay. Like you can have changeable um mobile covers or something. Yeah, or Okay. Yeah. Person Yeah. Well, that's great. Interchangeable. Um, als Yeah. Interchan And also possible I mean, uh, we could gain out of that by advertising certain T_V_ shows, or Yeah. But if we, there is Yeah. We could Um, the environmental factor, we didn't bring that up again. Yeah. Um, I've Okay. Let's I think we could probably leave that 'til later on, then. No. Okay. Thank you.