Th Well so. Here we have a uh my technical functions design presentation. Um so a few of the requirements we need here. Uh we n basically need to operate an electronic device, it needs to be universal um and possibly uh operate several different types of devices although we now uh find that uh that that's no problem. Um so some of my findings. Um basically wanna send messages uh to a television set. Um that would be any number of different things uh such as switch on the television, uh switch to the next channel, that sort of thing, I think we're all quite uh quite uh intelligent and know know what a normal remote control does. Um now some of the other things I found is a a complicated remote control sorry that we can't quite see my red there very well but uh this remote control has many functions um so it can do a lot of things but it uh it is quite complicated and most users will find it uh find that they won't use most of the functions because they don't know how to use them and don't wanna take the time to learn how to do it. As you also notice it's quite a boring design. Um. Another remote control, slightly different, it's a simpler remote control uh many less buttons but uh has many fewer functions, um m much easier for the user to manipulate and use. Um it also has a bit of a cheap look and it's also quite boring. So my personal preferences. Revolutionise the idea of uh a remote control. Um so attain the functionality of a complicated device but use a simple formatted display uh for the user to to work with. And I was gonna add another uh slide here but I didn't quite have time there. Um. Just incorporating some of the ideas that we had previously like uh having multiple face but it's uh. I can plug you in. Sounds good. A little sticky pad to stick on top of your uh television. And you just say something to into that and it finds your The other thing is we might be able to handle the simplicity of a remote control and kind of put the more complicated things into a voice control. So it could be sold to both the younger market and the older market. And the younger market could use kind of the voi voice control method and the older market might might k exactly and might consider the older market could use the simpler design with the traditional buttons and what not. 'S definitely an option technically. I've looked into uh costs of uh touch screen methods and what not, they seem to be uh you know almost as cheap as a button method at this point. Um I'm not sure that's sincerely correct, I think if you kind of take the example of a mobile phone that uh trying to pass a portion of the device is not interchangeable whereas the surrounding portions are interchangeable. We could have the casing, the the face plates. Well hopefully some people have people coming t over to w to hang out at your house and most people have their televisions in the living room. Uh. Sure. Well have we confirmed that we're gonna go ahead with a uh touch screen um Interface? So these new lithium batteries they last twenty years even with the touch screen? Those new ones. Be interesting. We put fashion into electronics. Yeah. Uh I I'm I'm in agreement with that, I'm wondering how we're gonna get uh we put fashion into electronics onto this device. I'm hoping for a subliminal maybe half a millisecond as it turns on. Mm-hmm. Well all you have to do is touch the screen and it automatically goes on. Yep. Goes into a sleep mode. I've put my files in the shared folder as well.