Yes. Mm-hmm. Okay, I accept the minutes. Is that what we're supposed to say? Okay. Excellent, thank you. Okay. Okay, that looks good. Alright. Thank you very much. Um. One of the the biggest issues I found about um from last meeting was the fact that we need to sell four million of these um remote controls and I think that this is an opportunity to really take Real Reaction in the direction of of similar of handheld tools that have been used and are used by many of us and to kind of bring the remote control into the si same realm as an accessible um useful electronic device, as opposed to something that is lost in the couch and what have you. So um my main goal here is to re-envision the remote control in in this context and to think about menu functionality and current technology and the fact that it could be interactive with other tools. Um some of the research uh in the market has shown that people really are not happy with remote controls as they are now, and um that means we do need to make some decisions about what what keys or or buttons on the on the remote control to perhaps keep and and what ones to discard. And if we devote some energy into this, I think the um recent productions of Real Reaction, the I go everywhere power and the high definition D_V_D_ players although it makes immediate sense to have our remote control interact with these, I think we can also use this as a platform to make it interact with other tools. And um in fact I think the high definition D_V_D_ players and all of this will come along in the uh will only benefit from the positive feedback from our well designed tool. So again, most uh users really dislike the current look and feel of remote controls. Um fifty percent I think of all these uh numbers the most important is fifty percent of user say they only use ten percent of the buttons. And eighty percent of users, and if we think about this there are a lot of uh television, D_V_D_, stereo remote control users out there, eighty percent would spend more money on a remote control that looks fancy. Um it was market research and there were a hundred people in the room, so eighty out of a hundred said they would spend more money. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well I think we can I I think we can really focus on this remote and and again bring the Real Reaction um brand in in and and get some positive marketing for our other tools, even if we directly don't um advertise for the I go everywhere line. So an interesting um element was the would you pay more for speech recognition question. So these market research uh uh questionnaires looked into your your uh concern about technology and s specifically wanted to find out information about speech recognition. Now the early adopters, those of us who grew up with technology and uh luck lucky for us have the uh cash to to pay for it, the young age group without the mortgages and responsibilities, ninety one percent of them would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control. Very interesting, I I leave this up to the group to decide if we wanna use this uh if and you know, the the designers, but ninety one percent, fifteen to twenty five Well, I I I think especially in terms of growth, I think this would be a very smart group to target. I mean s three quarters of the next age group, twenty five to thirty five are interested, and uh with the technologies improving, if we can get these uh Yeah. To Um yes. Yes. But would you pay more and does it work and is it approachable and and did I know that it was it was an that's a that's a very good question. I don't know if speech recognition should be um should be included, but I think it's an interesting I think that maybe shows more about uh being open to technology. Shall I go back? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I mean I I I uh did not receive any information on that, but I think the competition, sussing out what other people are doing and what's in the pipeline is very very important, because um there is a question about do you want an L_C_D_ screen and and that wasn't responded to, but uh some of the larger remotes do have screens where you can navigate, you know, so it turns into something uh perhaps you all have seen uh the Osbournes where Ozzy Osbourne is is attempting to manage his super entertainment system with something that looks like a uh a small tray. You know, it's I a and I think, you know No, no, you Kate, you're exactly right there. But I think the key is to get the early adopters, people who are familiar with technology and and uh they'll be Uh, mm. Exactly. I yes, and I'm making and I'm making the the uh uh leap that people who are familiar younger people are l are more familiar with technology than than older people. Or comfortable, you know, um so I think the most important thing is an attractive streamlined remote control and to be extraordinarily reductionist, power, channel, volume and everything else is is uh up to the designers. And this is this is also supported by the market research. Thank you. That's my contribution. Or if Yeah. Maybe afterwards we could do a uh whiteboard with that your the one on the right as a as a basis. Whiteboard session. Mm-hmm. The ergonomics, the way it fits in your Yeah. Do we have um ki some idea of how much it would cost to create a device that has these basic elements? Because then No, the chip composer marketing. Oh no, the chip composer sender. I I don't believe I know, um. Okay. Be because then we would ha ha figure out how much we had to play with in terms of user interface and this look and feel idea. Mm-hmm. Inspired? Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well that has another element, which is if every time you're done using the remote you put it on a charger, then you then it has a place. Yeah, but it also has a place, so exactly. That's a really good idea. Well it's better than my idea about solar, probably. Yeah, yeah. Depen Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm. Definitely, 'cause I'm thinking in terms of um uh the loss and breakage of um remotes, how much of that is is to do with it not really having a uh a home, a um a nest, a place to live, exactly. So if you can dock it, um you know, you could s argue that this is Exactly. Mm. 'Cause you are talking about another component, like another piece of hardware. Mm. Well I I brought up some exactly, but I think you raised some good questions about are there enough of these people out there, or are they making purchasing decisions? You know, these are the Yeah, exactly. Oh oh oh I'll make a note of that, Kate. Good, good comment. Yeah. It might be good to know um uh who, you know, who's actually buying televisions and are we in a uh uh s region where people have more than one television in a home? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and and some of our D_V_D_ players incidentally have them, because we have the relationship with our own department, but moreover we need to to go for the the manufacturers. Mm. Do we need um let me Br actually, um the enter key I have a chart here that I didn't include. Um yeah, which might Th yeah, th those are felt like had a lot of charts. Okay, I I my only comment is I think maybe um we could somehow include an enter key in like a power key if power power was enter and pow that was my only just really in terms of streamlining. Um Exactly. Again, you know, thinking of menus or Um well if you're pressing enter, the the thing would already be on, and so maybe um when you press power, initially it turns it on, press power again and use that as an enter um so you press power after you've um well I was thinking maybe you to turn it off you'd have to press power twice in succession, and maybe power follows something like a channel up channel down power, and then that would make that choice. Well Or y yeah. Or something that has a a turning dial, where at the far end is on or off. Yeah, I don't um I wish. Anyway, uh that was the only comment about um some of the the decisions people have made, what's most important. It's definitely channel, volume, power. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Okay, well. Thanks for looking at that. Mm-hmm. We don't wanna outsmart Hmm. Congratulations. D Oh you're fine. It's fine. I think you have to cycle through. Okay. Um and you'd mentioned I I was just gonna say, could you reiterate the new project requirements, because it they were it has to be for a T_V_, just to keep myself Yeah, I think I've Okay. Mm. Right. Thank you.