Just trying to move mine right now. They want everything, but simply. Okay. Yeah th I I can I can address some of that issue, I think, with uh my presentation. Okay. Mine will always read copy of something or other. I I copied mine before I sent it over. Hmm. Okay, my turn. Whoo. It'll be copy of component design. Yeah. Th that looks like it. 'Kay. So basic remote operation runs as follows, press button makes connection with the power source and the rest of the circuit, chip senses the connection, chip produces a morse code infra-red signal, specific to that button. So you press the button, it produces uh a signal that's encoded specifically for that button. Transistors amplify that signal and it goes to the T_V_'s centre, which interprets the signal response accordingly, changes channel etcetera. So that being said Next slide, please. Findings oh which were the required materials for the basic internal construction, so all the really simplistic functions that we just discussed, we need rubber for buttons, aluminium for battery y contacts, integrated circuit which consists of a diode, transistor, resonator, resistors, and a capacitator, all those basic things that make a circuit function. Um fibreglass and thin copper wire to create the actual circuit board itself. An L_E_D_, which is a light emitting diode, um contact discs for the buttons, plastic for the casing, and a power-source, whatever power-source we've actually determined we want. Next slide, please. Thank you. Uh personal preferences, uh to save money for the components, the remote should be mass-produced and basic materials should be bought en masse. Um if we find another company who can produce the required chips, casing, L_E_D_, any additional materials we decide we require at a less expensive rate than we ourselves are producing, we should go for it. Next slide, please. Um just talking to the um manufacturing division. They suggested power options, solar cells, hand dynamo, and kinetic power, so you shake it and it increases the power. Um I'm not sure how the hand dynamo works, they have yet to get back to me on that. So next slide, please. Suggested casing options. Okay. We can offer options for casing such as straight, curved, double-curved, you know, very specific to the customer. Options for materials, plastic, rubber, titanium, wood. I don't think anyone's gonna go for a wood one, because splinters Yeah. Um certain restrictions do apply here though. Uh latex, you can't do solar power with a latex one. So, if they want some a soft squishy rubber, they can't have the solar powered option. Double-curved, you can't do titanium. Um that would be two curvatures, so it would actually, if you the shape of your hand, you curve here and you curve here, so you could have two curves that match the shape of your hand to make it more comfortable to hold. Now if you wanted that, you can't do titanium. And uh so you functions what for the buttons, scrolling function could be very beneficial to us instead of actual buttons themselves. I think I have one more slide. No, I didn't. Um the manufacturing division also has said that um they have several types of chips and they've just developed a sample sensor or sample speaker chip, which we could utilise. Um push button requires a simple chip and scroll requires more complicated chip. So depends on what we decide we wanna do. In addition to that if we're offering all those different options to the customer for producing their remote, we're going to have to have multiples of each type, like a double-curved in rubber, um you know, each option should have a certain select number produced with all those options. So we'll have to mix it up, make sure we produce enough of everyone. But that could also drive up the price of the actual remote itself if they know that we only produced five thousand, you know, double-curved wooden remotes. And that's all I got. Well, we are making the chip. So, I mean But, I guess, we have to look at w what our production cost is for the chip itself anyway. Yeah. Yeah. I I thought offering some of those options for different materials that it could be made of different, you know I think we'd have to decide on the power options, maybe. So that we could reduce cost. Yeah. Okay. I think the p That's true. If we do a voice-activated locator, though, we're gonna be looking at a more substantial chip. So Honestly, I think the customer would be kind of irritated by the fact that it has a base if we did do a nice small, compact Mm yeah. Yeah. 'Kay so The only problem with that is if you forget to take it out of your pocket and it goes in wash. You know it happens. I've had three watches go that way too. Pieces everywhere. Well, we have lots of options. I don't think wood is a viable option. However, well, we only wanna sell it for twenty five Euro right? 'Cause I was thinking if we wanted to get the high in market then you could produce a few in titanium, make them a rarity so to speak. Yeah. Well the original Okay. Yeah. Good plan. Honestly I'd recommend like um uh since we're going with batteries instead of solar power, I'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex, because we could produce, you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour. We could do uh one that fits in with the trends of the year so, because this year is all fruit, God only knows why, um we could do f a cherry cover for this year and then i if next year is stripes or solids, you know They could come back. And buy the extra case. So we could do like a b a hard base plastic, and then we could give two latex covers to start. How complicated Are we gonna go with the voice activated Well, we could give it a specific code, you know, remote missing. Yeah, see that would just irritate me. So I think having a key-phrase is much better. No. That would be like a mid-class um Yeah. So we don't actually have to go for Well, if they've just developed the sample sensor, sample speaker, it's a brand new chip. Why not introduce it in this way? I think, well, we could d r do two or we could do one small lithium, 'cause you know the lithium batteries are doing quite well in most other electronic products, right? So they're more widely available now. And they also have a longer battery life than most batteries. But if you only have to replace it every five years. Well, how about a initial, you get one battery when you buy it, 'cause I'm pretty sure we can get them pretty cheap on bulk. Yeah. In the sample ones that you showed us there was one that had the scroll buttons on the side, which I think if we make it curved like a hand like a hand-shape like if we put the the scroll-button on the side, that could be particularly useful. Well, if it's just up and down Volume or channel. I don't know. Mm yeah. We should probably make it that you have to depress it to activate it then, 'cause oth otherwise you're not just holding it and going like this, you know. Okay. We have to make sure that logo always sticks out when we put the latex covers on, so we'll have to like have a little square or something, so that the our logo's available. Yeah, I don't think we should do that, because that would just be icky. So I think maybe putting it on a button is probably a good idea. For our base one? It'll wear off. There's nothing saying that we have to put the logo on the front of the actual The only problem is we're using a latex overlay so it actually would go over top of everything and have holes for the buttons, so I was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be. Yeah. Great. Play Doh. Wonderful Ooh.