I'll go first. Alright um, can I st steal this from the back of your laptop? Uh so this is the technical functions design. Um Right to do the um the design I have I've had a look online, I've had a look at the homepage, which has given us um some insp inspiration from previous products. Um I've had a look at the previous products to see what they offer and um I would like to ask you guys for um your ideas about the design at the end of the meeting. Um unfortunately we're not allowed to talk outside the meeting room, so Um, having a look at the existing products, I found out that um it tends to come in sort of two extremes, there's either um a very complicated one that's got lots of buttons, lots of colours, very confusing, you don't know what you're doing. Um in that case the the labelling tends to be very bad. Um there's an example I'll show you at the end, um sh show you now. Uh here um the button there and there. This one's prog. Sorry. That one's perg and that one's prog, and it doesn't really tell you what it does. Um, not sure if you had a a look at the other um control in that example. Um it's a very simple one. It's got only the basic functions mm but um it's the same size as the the hard to use one. Uh it looked a bit clunky. They're very big and not very much use for buttons. Um, and it's just very hard to access the advanced functions. There's there's nothing for instance for a slow motion button. Um, my own preferences, I prefer the the clunky one. Um it's very easy to use. Um but unfortunately it does lack the advanced functions which I I quite like having on the controls. Um so I believe the the advanced functions should maybe be hidden in a drawer, or something like tha from the bottom of it. So, now I'd like to ask for your preferences. Um not sure of how long we've got, uh Um, the clunky one is the one on the right. Um I think it's supposed to be the same size, but um it's got much fewer buttons. It's, you know, it's very spread out and kind of you know, I get the idea it'd be sort of about this size. got very few buttons on it and Um, do we have any functions that um we'd want on it? I mean so far I've got um on and off, um switch the channel up and down, and put the volume up and down. Um they're just the the very basics you could use for a T_V_. Okay. Um, you say that's a h a required one or a requested one? Would you like um the channels like the the numbers on thing, um Um, yeah. Um Uh, to start with um sort of a bit both, um we need to find out exactly what we have to have um and after that we can add things if they're possible. There's um on and off, um volume and channel, and skip to certain channels with the numbers. Do you want to switch places? Just just switch them. Think maybe the the wire in the back might be loose. Um Well, did you not say it was the the adults that were going for the the voice recognition? Sort of the the older group. Uh f Yeah. I reckon one problem with speech recognition is um I've actually seen one of them used and uh the technology that was in that one wasn't particularly amazing, so you end up yelling at the control for hours. Channel up. Um I think it'd probably quite expensive to put in. Um. I think we just say that it was gonna be the the most basic stuff possible. Um on off, up and down channels, up and down volume and uh skip to a channel. Ta. Um I think we include mute, but apart from that um I think we just we'll go for the simpleness. Yeah. Um just about the three buckets, um what would go in the the device functions one? Um