Um we are So the meeting will have about the same format as the last time. So switching over I've just left uh my first two screens. Um I have mailed you the minutes of the last meeting uh just to save time. Um and is there any questions you have that arised from last meeting that are particularly bothering you? N No? Okay, cool. Then we shall start with a presentation from Raj. Alright, okay. Fashion. Mm 'kay. Fruit and veg, well there you go. Just what I think of when I think of a remote control. Mm-mm-mm-mm. Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm. Function F_ eight. Hmm. Excuse me. Uh, yeah. Mm 'kay. either. Uh okay. Right, okay. Yeah. Excellent. Uh no just escape should uh 'Kay. Looks pretty complicated. Right, okay. Mm-hmm, like the middle button. Okay. Ah it's kinda like scrolling uh right, well, if I s if I'm thinking of the right one, I've got the same thing in front of my monitor, you scroll it and the when you reach the sort of um menu item that you require, you press the middle of the scroll. Right, okay. Yeah, presumably. Yeah, looks like uh looks like something out of a jet. Okay. Yeah, I m I mean the one thing I think about about these ones is um these kl uh secured areas um, I've seen a lot of them with the the cover missing. So like have it hinge rather than sort of clip on or whatever. Yeah. I mean is that not sort of to assist the blind or something, is it? Strange. No they do, they do. They listen to it. Yeah. Right, okay. 'Kay but people tend to recognise certain shapes to do certain things anyway, don't they? Brilliant. That's handy. Okay. Okay. It's still it's still got to get within our twelve fifty, you know. Okay. Yeah. I can't see tha Although, th I mean to be to be sure they have got I mean they are going crazy with the L_C_D_ technology now, so that you've got your L_C_D_ T_V_s and everything so maybe the small But I mean like I I the black and white, I guess, it just doesn't look funky enough. Um but, I mean, like even mobile phones or whatever have now have colour L_C_D_ screens, w I ju I mean I wouldn't know about the costs of them. Twelve fifty. Possibly. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well I mean we could make a Yeah. Well, si since we're going for the uh the k the sort of company colours, I think your lemon wasn't that far s And if it doesn't work you know, we've just made a lemon. Mm-hmm. I like I like the colourful buttons as well. Yeah. I mean we are marketing to sort of twenty five to thirty five, so most people will have come in contact with that kind of use. Yeah. And that means tha that means you get to bump that bit to the T_V_ maker, so 'Kay. Yeah, looks like it. Uh Yeah, I was just thinking the self same thing. Magic man. Mm-hmm. So this is a standard off the shelf kind of a chip, is it? Right. Okay. So can we make them to pretty much any size we like or is there a minimum or? They gotta be Almost a key-ring. Okay. 'Kay. Well. Well, I mean like la latex has a kinda spongy feeling to it, doesn't it. Um Yeah. And that would k also give it kinda durability and and ther that's also f sorta relatively cheap to cast. Um so maybe s uh a sort of uh plastic initial plastic with a a latex kinda sheath? Oh right, okay. I don't know what that stuff is. Yeah. Or at least incorporating, yeah. I mean I forgot i we're sort of uh I don't know what other standard silver kind of Other parts or uh Mm-hmm. Um. Um I quite like the multi-coloured buttons myself. Yeah or yeah a limit uh maybe even just a limited multi-colour so it it doesn't look too childish, perhaps. Yeah. Although I mean this uh uh also comes to shape as well. I mean if we are gonna make it a novel I mean double-curved sounds good to me if we're talking about sorta ergonomic and easy use, a bit comfier, you know. Yeah it's uh, yeah, that that'd be that's sort of comfortable to hold, easy to hold so you don't drop it. Well, yeah, I mean like Yeah, yeah. Mm and a lemon might be a little hard to grip. Yeah. They only cost pennies. Huh? Um. I mean that that th does it does seem a bit uh again childish maybe. S And sponginess. Huh. Uh. Yeah, why the hell not. Let's that'll make us fifty million Euros. Um. Well, I guess it's kind of dra uh you don't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit just to have that kind of fruitish shape, yeah? Yeah, we can relate it by advertising or Yeah. There's a good man. There's a good idea. Um I l I su I mean for the specific functions, you know, up and down, uh play, stop. They've got, I mean, they've got standard sort of intuitive um things that are always used. That's cool. I like it. Um. Uh speech recognition, I think, so we need a microphone presumably. Yeah. I mean ho h h wel are we sure that scroll wheel does give ease of use? Glad, we're not doing this for real. Yeah. And uh I think if this this new software for the sound recognition is the microphone I would put it sort of sub-centrally, so it's Yeah. So it can be sort of held and w We really need really gonna need to hold it, if it's gonna be voice recognition. Oops. Um. Upsidaisy. I s I still like it. Um but that's me. Yes, or maybe it's just going a bit uh too far. I mean we are pushing it probably with funny fruit shapes. Um don't wanna sort of overkill. 'Cause I mean like uh if we I mean how good is the speech recognition thing? Do we want to go for buttons at all, do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it's a fruit? Yeah, you know, and then you just tal I mean like everybody's got fruit bowl in front of the telly. Um. Yeah. Make them make them think of fruit, yeah. I mean uh some uh I l like think of a fruit that could sit sort of independently on its own like uh, I dunno, an apple. Then it's just apple so sort of Uh, yellow apples though Hmm. Yeah. Okay, yeah, that's good. Groovy. Yeah,. Yeah. So I mean like you could actually Yeah, gives you the options. So a selection of casings. It kind of fi it fits with f fits with marketing um Like like mobiles, yeah. You can standardise those, I mean. I think tho I think if you're gonna have a facia then you'd want to have it so that it does go over the buttons, 'cause when if you think about it if they're wanting it, 'cause they want to look at it, if they're using it, and what they want to look at is facing away from them. It doesn't really You know 'cause that'd be in the palm of their hand and they wouldn't be able to see it, unless you have sort of you got the buttons options on one side, and you get the facia on the other side with a microphone so that you can place it face down. And you've got the facia, and you can just talk at the Maybe. So you've narrowed it down to half a dozen options. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so we stick with what we've got there. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Well, it's kind of gotta be our company's yellow. So again I mean like we could have, uh I mean, we could quite easily have the the main body be a different colour, but have kinda going round, yeah. Um I mean e even if I mean not necessarily that the um the whole body has to be of the company colour, so you know um blue and yellow tend to go to we well together. So you have the main body blue with the yellow logo and slogan running up one side of it kind of thing. W sort of Uh It's I think it's basically the more you move i it, it's got a wee thing inside that just kinda powers it. Uh yeah. Yeah, I like that, yeah. Yeah. Okay. You shake it and scream at it. Yeah. It does leave them with an obligation to Especially if they want to use it uh uh sp uh specifically as um voice activated. Then if it's just sitting on the Okay, okay. Right um what are the other options? Yeah. I'm I'm with uh Raj on that, I think, you know, I've got I've got no I've got a north facing house, there's not really ever sun coming in my window. Oh that's true. I mean I w I w uh that idea that I thought um just on the basis of like ridding them of batteries and that kind of bother is having a, yeah, having a rechargeable stand, so that not only it doubles as a stand, but um for using it as uh recharging it, but also for using it as sound recognition. Yeah that kind of thing. Yeah. Rechargeable.. What's chip on print? What's Sorry, never mind. Yeah, and if we if we're just having buttons and the speech then we're getting our cheapest option of chipping. That's good. Uh woah. Okay, we're we're kind of uh we're kind of um Excuse m I've just deleted that whole thing. Um we're kind of running out of time, so if you could Uh. Was that you? Um that was your bit's covered, I just dele I just accidentally deleted what I was supposed to say next. Um, yeah. Oh, yeah. And I just touch the pad. It's actually shut down. Okay, um now what we have uh our next meeting's in half an hour and what I would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay. Yeah. It's you guys. Yeah. So um, you know I mean, luckily we chose a nice simple shape. Um and further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches. Uh yeah, I hope I can recover this, 'cause I've accidentally deleted it. Which doesn't really help me much. Yeah, can you save that uh send that last one again, please, Raj, as I still can't find it on the Okay. No. Okay, thank you. Um yeah, Project, Project Documents. Uh right, that's that's the that it goes there automatically if you put it in Project Documents. Project Documents is on the um desktop. Really? Oh right, I think um Hold on. Yeah, I don't know if y it it just ca it just came up on my um on my agenda. S Um presumably there's clay somewhere. Um. Four. Whoops. Light, light, please. Light. Right, there you go. Yeah, quite. And we're using this our basic chip set, so it's all good. Um I think we're almost done, yeah. Oh oops. Sorry man. Uh okay, still didn't manage to get down all the last bits so we had rechargeable and Uh. Apples. Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm. 'Kay, so we came up with that, that's okay. What's supplements? Supplements. Uh uh. See. I shoulda something like that. If I kn see I I knew that. I shoulda sort of engineered it so we k ended up making a diffi difficult shape. Just for cruelty. I wonder if they mean like literally make it, sort of buttons and everything. Um. Uh no, I think that's us our discussion over unless anybody's got questions or confusions, 'cause I'm confused. Huh? Um uh we'll probably get questionnaire in a minute, it's a There we go. Warning, finish meeting now. I rounded it up far too fast. Um. Where are we going? My Documents, that's not what I want. My Project Documents. There we go.