We also have a apple slash cherry design at the top. Yeah, yeah, we might get a For the M_. They're thinking For the first time, well it was hard to get the h um the actual labelling on the individual buttons. Hum, you separate off in colour the volume related buttons from the channel related buttons, so you've got the volume in orange on design there, and the the channel is in blue. Yeah, sis Yes, we'll have the slide-away. Bottom. Mm-hmm. Yes, yes. Okay. Mm-hmm. This this is a yes, this is our presentation of the prototype. Mm-hmm. Could we get this on the board just so we can see or do you mean do you have the figures there? 'Kay, Alice. So, sh 'Kay this should be then. Mm-hmm. Have a push button interface. Um Um Yeah. And then we'd have So that's nine point one there so we've got some 'Kay. Just give us a bit of I switching around those th um on the electronics we got the sample sensor. At the moment we've just got the simple chip, which costs one. Um, I guess the sample sens sample speaker would be the voice recognition thing, which puts up to four? We should be slightly over our budget but if we gather something else down to slightly lower standard, and maybe go with the one the special form buttons, then we could have the speech So uh maybe if we got rid of like the maybe one of the special colours, kept them all the same colour, then we could have the voice recognition without Yeah, yeah. Um Oh possibly, yeah, yeah maybe. Maybe um we'd be giving up on the kinetic. Um We should Yeah, that would save us one, though we'd still be slightly ov Yeah, yeah. Well, since it's the through the whole technology type thing, um, you were saying in the market research that people like kind of interesting gadgets in them. Um, whether they would figure the the s uh sample senor and the sample speaker, voice recognition be sort of a worthwhile thing to have. And then still have the batteries, or whatever they would prefer not uh You know what I mean? The the problem was the battery's running out and losing the um losing the remote. So you gotta decide which of those is more important to them. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, well we have a single curve, which was maybe like the feel of the product's quite good. So uh Um, then we have the rubber kinda spongy feel, which was in at the time. Um, sorry that'd be considered fancy. So maybe maybe a two. Yeah. Um, deciding between the kinetic power or um the speech recognition, and if we had either of those for our budget, they both show a reasonable amount of speech recognition. Um But not the kinetic. Like the power. No, we c ca yeah, we can't afford both. No may is maybe about neutral plus it it it's got something, but it hasn't got Right. Okay. 'Kay. Okay. Um Mm-hmm. So it says if we make a slightly more fancy, then we lose points innovation, and if we make it more innovative innovative, then we lose points on it being fancy, so Yeah, yeah. Um It does, yeah. Yeah, m um Yeah, it was just doing it quite well. Um, I think we're gonna have to lose some of these, but the moment, as it stands, it's um Uh the sensor using all of its all of its products, all of its buttons, and it's got a fairly big label on the bottom saying where it comes from. Okay. Also it's kind of spongy rubberiness is maybe bit more kinda comfortable than kinda sleek and new age. Um, it depends which way you look at it. Maybe a kind of three? Uh d Yeah, so it's So should we get So are definite Was it thirteen point seven was the definite price rule if has. Okay, so we need to So I guess this Is this the last stage once we sort out the finances part of it? Yeah, yeah we'll make the adjustments and then see how are rates are going. Oh actually we just have a plastic case, then we lose two points, which gets us um In right within the budget range. So that's eleven point seven, and then we could make sure we definitely had all the button supplements. Possibly, yeah. Um And that would allow us to have all the technical innovations. So we'd lose a little bit on the maybe kind of Oh yeah, and that would now be Yeah, that's that's within the budget. Um Do we actually have Do we just have one special uh special forms down here? Um And we we've we've got we've got enough for another we've got nought point eight left, so we've got enough for another Yeah, um But the but but but the I think maybe the special colour, we've got three now just because the volume buttons are different, I guess we'd have the ones which are blue at the moment would would just be the standard colour. Yeah, which I think we should Yeah, they'll still be fine for the for the price. Okay, uh that's probably it. Ne uh Maybe that'll be a second supplement. Then there's a spe a second special form. Um Well you got you got twelve. So I think that should still be okay. Yeah, that's twelve point three, so we're still within budget on that. Um So decide we've lost a little bit on the fashion and lost a bit on the fancy kinda side of it, but generally speaking, we've kept the other attributes to the That's without Yeah. And specially it definitely could fits the the real product What was the what's the company name? R yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean it still seems definitely fit that p so that's like if that's the new age kind of um inno innovative c type company, then um having the kinetic feature and the voice recognition is p quite high up on Um Mm-hmm. Yeah so it's a Whatever fruit was in fashion next year. That yeah, that was uh that was just about all. I think we've saved quite a bit because we've just got the push-button interface, which is by far the cheapest. Um So maybe in a sense not having that, maybe we've lost some maybe lost something on the innovation side? I dunno. And that is like the most standard type of button. Yeah. And everything else has stayed pretty much the same, so Yeah, plus if anything that is special forms makes it slightly easier to to use. Um, well we've still got the kinetic energy. Um Yeah, the speech feature. I think we've cut just about the same. We've maybe lost Hasn't it It's hard to tell how the rubber the rubber casing would really affect Um But I think more the the features of the actual control will be more important than maybe than the the actual aesthetics, but But either way, I think we've made it fairly close to what just the the company logo. So maybe there's like a set design which we get printed off. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I'm still not quite sure we've established that. Yeah. Um Yeah, maybe we've m Maybe for the the one they're gonna see all the time, we make it look good, and um, fit the kind of idea of what they want. And then for the more functional buttons, we don't worry too much about that and just have that as like a plus it's hidden away anyway, you're not gonna see it at the start. Yeah. 'Kay. Uh,. That's good. Definitely lemon shaped. You had to have rubber buttons if you had the rubber case. So I think we can we're okay. Then we say it's fine, so it's all good. Just in case we need that point two for lawsuits and such like. And we seem to have least something in each criteria. We haven't completely left anything out, so As an overall product which has to be quite cheap, we've just about achieved everything. We've got the closing. We should just go through this quickly and then Um, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose and then be going out and finding more information each time and then diff things will be relevant. Is this go It kinda kis fits the purpose that it was something everyone knows about and then something we can at least look at and think how we can improve on. one of those things. Like uh, companies can have like a range of products and I don't know how it works but I guess that something got sent out and have like a brief to kind of Yeah. Well, sh we look at the last slide, see if it's got anything else. I think there's one one more to go. It was quite good with this um the white board, having that and the digital pens. Like, that's something that made it a little easier. voice recognition, especially not could Yeah. Yeah, so it's just like the same products, but just put together in a different way. Um Yeah, I guess we all had separate ideas and then discussed them. So it's not just for us, it's for the experiment as a whole, so Should we quickly look at the last slide? Sh. Is that everything?