Okay, well I think we're ready to begin. Right, my name's Adam Duguid, we're here because of real reaction, um, we have in the group Um, yeah, go for it mate. N_ E_ Z_. Ebenezer. And your role is? You're the Marketing Expert, okay. Next we have? T_ R_ I_ K_. And your role in this is? Industrial Designer. And, lastly we have? And you're going to be the User Interface, is it? Designer. Okay. Right. This is the agenda for today's meeting. As you can see, w opening, acquaintance, tool training, project plan discussion, and closing. Um, we already got n through opening, and partially through acquaintance. So, the reason we're here, we're gonna design a new remote control, as you probably all know. The very broad overview is original, trendy, and user-friendly. Course, we'll have to go into a bit more um detail than that, but uh personally I think that the original is gonna be a very key aspect to this design. Um, there's a lot of remote controls out there anyway, so we're gonna need something that's really gonna set it apart. This is how today seems to be going to work. We're gonna have the three kay phases, as you've probably already been told, the functional, architectural, and the detailed design. Um First one's gonna be covering the user requirement spec, technical functions, working design. Second seems to be conceptual components, properties, materials, and the last one is a detailed analysis of our design so far. Of course, you've all got the similar emails, I believe, right. What can I say? Ebenezer, you wanna have a you wanna draw your favourite animal? Brilliantly done. Thank you. Tarik, would you like to have a shot at a bit of artistry? Oh, um, you can clip them to your belt. You should also l um have your the lapel mic on as well. Yep, the, it's just across there, that's it. Yep. Yeah. It'll follow you if you You can probably just stick it in your pocket for now, I wouldn't worry too much. Should have good range. Excellent, thank you very much. Dave, if you'd like to uh have a dash. Cheers. Hardly what I'd call the best drawing in the world but it'll do for now. Also not quite as feared as your average tiger, but uh cats are one of my favourite animals, they're very independent, they're snotty as hell at the best of times, and uh, what can you say, you got to love those qualities in an animal. Right. I think we've all managed to master the whiteboard there by looks of it, so, on to it. Project finance. As you can see, twelve point five Euros per unit. That's not a terrible lot as far as I'm aware, and we're hoping to sell them for twenty five. If we're aiming for fifty million Euros we're gonna have to be selling an awful lot of them. Yep. Well, fifty million, and if you're making twelve point five Euros on each one, then, awful lot need to be sold. Okay. Now we better actually just get on with the uh the meat of the project. So I'm gonna guess that we've all used remote controls. Any ideas of where you think a new remote control could go into this market? Okay. Okay, yeah, tha that's true, with the price range we're looking at, going for a touch screen would probably be possibly out of our yeah. But you think uh again something to control multiple units in uh a simple fashion. Would the the idea something along the lines of, one on button would turn on say the video recorder, the T_V_, maybe the sound system as well, all in one go, is that kind of Okay, that sounds like a a good strong idea. Um Any takes on this? Okay. Okay. Yeah I've heard I've seen the bar-code design before, yeah. Okay, well we're beginning to run out of time now, so, we've got a couple of ideas, we can we'll have to work fast, um, alright as you can see we've got thirty minutes until the next meeting, so we'll have to try and decide on some of the basic functionality, um, how the user interface might work, that'll be a key aspect especially if the idea of um some kind of macros facility because you have to program it, you have to have a lot of response back, or at least some kind. Um And we're gonna maybe n try and have to figure out what the user wants, yes. Um, right. Has anybody got anything they'd like to add at this stage, anything they think that might have been missed so far? I I don't see why not, almost everybody is probably used to a console by now, and all of them incorporate small keypads on them, in fact even the mobile phones these days are beginning to use them as well, so it's probably an interface that most people are used to. Um and that could allow n easy navigation, used as a joystick as well. Okay. So, small, stylish, and something that's just a little different. Okay. That's definitely something that we should be able to do quite easily. I would I would have hoped so anyway. Um, right. I'd say we finish this one up, we get started, I'll get in, I'll write up what we've um kind of quickly done, and I'll get that out to everybody. Yeah? Okay. Um, as far as I'm aware we leave the microphones here, um unless we get told otherwise, and just take the laptops with us.