No. We should make a big sponge lemon, and then it'd be it would be yellow. It's Yeah. Mm. No, it's got it's got it. Wow. Uh it looks threatening. It looks like yeah. Wow. Then d blind don't watch T_V_. They do? The L_C_D_ and the other stuff uh, I think. Ben bana Hmm. But uh price price not withstanding um, is it too complicated, is it gonna be too much just overload? But but the thing is when you use a remote control, you never look at it, right? You're looking at the T_V_ and and it's uh It just seems kind of like a a needless th So which vegetable? Okay. The the lemon. Well what are the options? Oh. Okay. Um so I guess there are a lot of options that we're gonna have to choose from among, and I'll I'll give you the uh, I guess, technical considerations for those. And I'm gonna use the whiteboard, just 'cause we haven't used it. Right. So, the way I'm gonna do this is uh we're gonna take a look at some old remote controls, see how they work, uh reuse the the vital kind of um essential pieces of it, and then we'll throw in our new innovations um and keep it all within budget. So uh yeah, looking inside a a very simple remote control. Um this is what they sent me. 'Kay. Here's uh the competition, I suppose. Um you open it up, there's a circuit board inside, um and there's a a chip, a processor, the T_A_ one one eight three five, which um receives input from the buttons, and ch Right, it's very they're very cheap remote. This remote costs nothing, you know. Um so that takes a signals from the buttons and translates it into a sequence of pulses that it then sends to the to the amplifier, which is made of some transistors and amplifiers, op-amps, and then that gets sent to the uh to the L_E_D_ light, which I can kinda see is that little red light bulb at the end, and that sends out the infrared uh light signal to the television. Oh here it is. Um so this is kind of the the bear essentials that we need to have in our remote control, because it it defines the uh R Um no, I mean this is a very old one, so now with the new technology this is a a minimally small and cheap thing to make. Right. So this is what we need to have for certain. Um. So you know, as we said, we got the outer casing, which we have to decide, you know, what's it gonna be, um the board we have to use basically uh the same set-up, processor, um we'll probably use the more advanced processor than they had, amplifier and transmitter are all standard. Um so for the casing, uh this an e-mail I got from our manufacturing team uh, you know, we have a bunch of options from wood, titanium, rubber, plastic, whatnot, um latex, double-curved, curved. So lots of choices, what do we think? Uh or sponge, I guess, isn't on there, right. Organic sponge. Uh yeah, it's very elasticy for sure. Um. Yeah so Okay so, here are a a plastic, uh latex Oh right. So something with give to it. Okay. And and the colour is yellow, right? Yellow, okay. Um. Mm' kay. So yellow for the body, and then what colour for the buttons? So multi-coloured buttons. Okay. Okay. Mm 'kay so the shape we wanna go Um how exactly? Maybe double What about a banana? Yeah? Okay, like we could have a big banana shaped remote control, 'cause it's yellow fruit, right? Oh i it doesn't matter which end you point, I guess. We could have a little L_E_D_s on each end. So a spongy banana re Yeah. Okay, okay. See So maybe an an unidentifiable fruit or fiable fruit or vegetable like so it would have a stem perhaps and a maybe a it'd be s axially symmetric. So it'd look like this kinda. Like a gourd almost, or a squash of some sort? Yeah, and it has a a clear top and bottom so y so you could say, you know, it transmits from this end. Yeah. Okay, so double-curved, single-curved, what do we feel? Okay. Okay um, I guess, since you're the marketing guy. We'll uh Okay, we could do that. Um. Okay, so so buttons. Okay, just like that. Okay. With the scroll-wheel or no? Okay uh I could put the microphone here. Okay there's the microphone. Where should I put the microphone? Okay, well we can do some user test with scroll-wheels, right? Okay. Okay. So should the microphone be just anywhere on it or 'Kay there's the mic. Um n well we can Whoops. Um. Yeah. Um. Oops, sorry. Okay. Right. Hmm. They can work from a You don't have to hold it. Yeah. I it could even encourage healthier habits for television watchers, you know they have uh fruits all round them. Now just make sure they don't eat the remote. Yeah. Okay. But yeah But yeah, about the speech thing, it doesn't have to be hand held or close. It can sit at a distance and pick it up still. Yeah yeah. Okay, um so Yeah, s I guess we decided on material, right? So that that spongy latex rubber everything feel, and the colours we got down, and the shape, maybe we'll just make it kinda mix and match type of shape or Yeah. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Great. Um as for the energy source um, you know, almost every remote control uses just batteries, but we don't have to be limited by that. We can use a hand-dynamo. Um I don't know what that means, we crank it? Right, it's like those watches that you c So, this might be an idea for something that people really wanna grab, you can shake it if it's out of power. Okay. So if it if it's not working, I guess people's natural reaction anyway is to just shake the thing. Right. Okay. Uh there's solar power. Um. Yeah. Okay, so probably just Mm. 'Kay. Okay. So uh a rechargeable battery. Okay. Um the user interface, the buttons, I guess we talked about this already. Um. Hmm? Uh th the uh the electronics um, basically the more features we add um Oops, this one. So the more features we add the fancier chips we need to buy and put in, which adds to the cost as you can expect. Um. But uh I think we can keep it all under budget. So uh yes, so the speech thing you said our our techno our research and development department came up with some break-through. So just in time. Right, right. Yeah, and keeping the L_C_D_ screen out. Huh? Oh yeah that was that was it. So control F_ eight, right? Try uh flipping the screen down. 'Kay. Oh, I get to do it, too. Oh neat. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Save everything to the shared documents, is that right? Oh. Uh these lapel mics are trouble. Are we done with our meeting? Yeah.