'S to do now is to decide how to fulfil what your stuff is, so in that sense so it does kind of make sense, yeah. Yep. Yep. Yep. Mm-hmm. No. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yep. It's probably not sending. Yeah. Yep, there it is. And the Play-Doh 's yellow. Cool. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay um. Oops. Yeah okay. Let me just get this going first. Ah there it is. 'Kay, that should be it. Okay um I guess the same thing again, I started with something very basic. So just so you guys have some idea of what's involved in my process, um and then you can just work through it and we 'll either modify it or start from scratch um depending on what your needs are. Um the components are exactly the same. Um I think, like what you guys said, um the most input that's needed is basically in the user interface. The rest of the components um they do have an impact in terms of cost and complexity. Um like you said time to market was a problem, um and how many components are physically in there in cost. And the power is basically a factor of that. Um and the lower components, the power, the logic, the transmitter, and the infrared, um they affect you in terms of the size of your device, um and that would have some inte impact on how y I think more how you hold rather than um the actual use using the the remote control because um like we've said we've defined, like we only want the basic things that to be visible, and the rest of them we try to hide. So um you know it's just a matter of working out space. So I guess three things, um cost, um complexity, and the size. These are the three things that um will have an impact on you. So just go through it in the components. Um these are the options that are available to you, um I'm not very sure about the voice thing 'cause I got another email and it was in fact quite sketchy on what n the voice options are. Um it said it could talk to you, but it never said anything about being able to listen. I it said something about a sensor but never clarified that. So maybe if you well I could see the other email that they sent you, um 'cause they got back to me with like different requirements, or different offerings of what components availa Okay so your basic components are buttons, okay and you have a wheel available, like a mouse scroll wheel, okay there's an L_C_D_ display, um I think these are quite standard things. No um they're well in the sense that these are all the options available for you. I'll explain to you the complexity and the cost thing again a bit later. Okay um then there's um how the case actually looks. It can actually be flat or it can be curved, um and then the different types of materials that you can use, um I don't think you can use them in a combination, um but um I could check back for you, but I don't think you can actually use them in a combination. Um I think plastic and rubber would be fine, but plastic, rubber, and wood, I wasn't I'm not very sure about the titanium. They had some restrictions on using the rubber and the titanium. Um the rubber was a restriction on the kind of power source you could use, but the titanium had a different kind of things on the shape of the thing, so I think that there is some restriction on um I think you could probably group plastic and rubber together, wood and titanium, but you know it might be easier from a cost perspective and a complexity just to use one. You know as opposed to two. Um and the other components are logic chips, um again I'll I'll go back to the component chips. The com how complex or how easy the logic is, it depends on how many functions you have on the on the unit um and that impacts cost. Um I don't think the logic chip has a issue about size 'cause they should be about the same size. Power consumption should be about the same. Um I think the main impact is complexity, um and the other thing is um the power options. Um the first one is a standard battery. Okay the second one I think is more of a gimmick then actually a useable thing, it's a wind-up you know, a crank. Yeah but that that might be something I think that's more of a look and feel decision because I don't think you can have one power source if you're using the alternative power sources. I think whatever it is you still need a battery 'cause I don't think anybody wants to keep doing one thing. Okay the other ones are a solar powered cell, which may not be a great idea in Europe or any country that has seasons 'cause half the year you'd be dead. So like what I said, you probably need like a battery and something else. Um and the kinetic one I guess for me is the most interesting one because it's movement and people like to fiddle with their and it's a nice sales gimmick I think. From a marketing gimmick it it's a technology thing, it's a shake it it doesn't work, shake it, knock it or something. You know you know you have you had those balls, you know those stress balls where you bounce the ball and it and it lights up and it goes, you know that might be a gimmick combined with rubber. You know just to if you get frustrated wi remote control you can throw it, kind of you know just uh you know um so. Um okay my from my role, I don't think that personal preferences but role preferences, I think um something comfortable to hold, um small and slim I guess that's more in the sense of small and slim in terms of comfortable not so small you can't, you know like a phone or something, too small phone. Um and the other thing is from a production point of view um the less components we use and the simpler the components means you reduce your cost and you increase your profit. Um and also the time to market and the complexity of developing designing and debugging it um so. Um okay let me just go back and talk about some of the restrictions. Um The user interface restrictions basically means that if you use more complicated features, like the buttons are standard okay, the L_C_D_ panel and the scroll wheel you need more complicated logic. Um the case okay with a rubber case you can't have the solar panels. Okay with the titanium case, let me just check that um, titanium case can't be curved, it has to be square. Okay um there's no restriction on the plastic, and it can't be curved on the wood. So that's again, I don't think you can use them in a combination, um especially the titanium I I suspect they're very fixed to a particular need. So um mixing them may not be a good idea um yep. That's it. Um I think we could because the L_C_D_ panel requires power, and the L_C_D_ is a form of a light so that Are you thinking are you thinking of of a light in the sense of um a light light, or a light in the sense of it glows kind of you know Frankenstein, it's alive. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um that's why I think the option of the the kinetic thing which basically means as long as you shake it like a watch, like an automatic watch um it's probably sensitive enough when you fiddle it. So you could trigger that to a light, like I said the bouncing ball thing, or you could trigger that to use that to power the light as opposed to so when they pick it up, right, and then that that sorta triggers the glowingness. I think he made that. Is there a particular shape that you're interested in? Like does marketing have any research on does it need to be long? Does it need with a square thing wha Yeah 'cause that will n help narrow down the choice of Like fruit. I'm thinking fruits in my head, but that's tacky. Do we need an L_C_D_ display? What what's the functionality of that? Yeah but the question is what are we using it what would we what would we achieve from it? Putting in lights is cheap but putting in an L_C_D_ panel just to make it glow is a bit of a Mm-hmm. I think that will be a problem because we don't have an input device to get the listings into it, so um it's a bit nuts to get the Monday Tuesday Wednesday you know. Um I I'm not saying there's no need for an L_C_D_ display, but um it's what's what what would it tell the user, 'cause the L_C_D_ tends to be an output as uh as opposed to an input so um does the remote control need to talk back to the user? We have the option of the speaker as well the sa the same thing goes for the speaker, is there a need for the remote control to to talk back? Um You could put a game on it. When the T_V_ dies you can play with the remote control. Where would you physically position the buttons? Um I think that that has some impact on on on many things. Um maybe you wanna draw onto the Yep. No, like I said we have a h hybrid kind of thing, so it's not gonna charge the battery, it's just Yeah. Yep. Yes yes. Or even a clear case. Um you know a a glowing a a glowing yellow type case where the yellow is showable, but in the dark it sort of, it's alive. Um in in a slight subtle way. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Or or there might be a light running through it like a mouse. You know you have cordless mice and they don't eat that much power right. So the power the battery in that sense, maybe you have one or two stratig strategically placed lights that sort of Yeah but because the case is transparent so it gives it a little bit of a glow, doesn't make it freaky. The question is when you're rolling it, how do you wanna roll it? Do you want 'em to roll it like that? Do you want 'em to roll it like that? 'Cause in a mouse your hand's in a position to roll it, whereas the other thing about having it jog dial this way, it tends to get moved accidentally. That's a very unnatural motion to yeah. Can you imagine you have to scroll a lot. Um it might work for volume, and maybe some of the brightness controls and stuff like that, but not for channels right. If you have a Telewest box you've got like, you don't have to buy all the channels, you've about fifty channels, can you imagine trying to. Um and I don't think having that you know too quick too slow kin it's confusing to the I dunno. But users tend to tend to want to use that and once they lose out on the user experience they're like Because that's becomes the most accessible thing in front of Yeah. So you wanna expand the shape of the That that might have one problem in terms of um in terms of whether you're left handed or you're right handed you might be locking yourself in. Could I just could I just jump in and suggest something quickly? Um I think one thing would be the jog dial 'cause that's gonna have quite a big impact on the thing um Yeah that's what I was thinking the a slide, because then you you don't have to put the hand. I think incorporating a logo is quite straight forward. There's lots of space for it um Yeah but it's also a a marketing and a function Yeah. Feel like fruit. Fruits kids. No like Yeah yeah. Yeah yeah kinda like that yeah. Play-doh time. You got to choose first. No, we're kidding. Okay, can I just swipe your power cable, I don't think it matters. Okay lemme okay, I'm gonna pull everybody out first and then put in whoever needs to be left. It's you. Argh. This is a real hassle and a oops. I'm gonna take the microphones, 'cause it's too lazy t take them off again. Cool.