Uh-oh. This is it? Um, there are a few changes we've made. Um, well look at the expense sheet, and uh it turned to be quite a lot expensive to have open up and have lots of buttons and stuff inside, so instead we've um this is gonna be an L_C_D_ screen, um just a a very very basic one, very small um with access to the menu through the the scroll wheel and uh confirm um button. Uh, apart from that, it's just pretty much the same as we discussed last time. You know, just like right inside there. Well we want the other buttons to be big enough to push easily with a finger so we reckon maybe that'll be about the same size as the palm of your hand. Well I'm We're gonna have again the the sort of the foggy um yellow from last time that lit up when you pushed the button. Um But um this button um, because it's red it's sort of very prominent, we're gonna use it as uh it can be the power button if you hold it for maybe two seconds it'll send a stand-by signal. Um apart from that it's gonna be used as a confirm button for the L_C_D_ screen and you use this as a jog-dial. I don't know. Didn't put five centimetres. Um. Something by there. Um you can skip straight to a channel using these buttons. Um, were gonna have the volume control here, but um because we've got the the L_C_D_ and the jog-dial we just thought we'd um use that as the volume. Um you can use it for um more advanced functions like contrast, colour and Um yeah. Um just whatever else we wanted to include as the advanced functions, um we didn't actually go through and specify the Uh what can a T_V_ do? Um. the the balance hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um I think single would just be sort of one sort of oval whereas double is this sort of thing. Um we have um got some push buttons as well. 'Kay. So I reckon we've got one button for this thing 'cause it's just one big sheet of rubber. I'm not sure if that counts but You can see we're we're all very far beyond the Well we could take out ones by making it single curved, just fill in those bits. That is one. That's fair enough, yeah. That's um one piece of rubber but it's gonna have twelve button things underneath so Yeah w Um So I reckon Reckon that probably counts as a special form for the buttons. I think there's just one button so handy. Yeah. You see I envision it as being um quite deep sort of deep enough to be comfy to hold in your hands rather than being wide and flat. Yeah it works, yeah. See, about that thick. Yeah. Is it? Yeah. I'm seeing five then. One's high-ish isn't it? Ah, okay so yeah, two or three. Eight three. Yeah. Yeah one. Yeah I think it's about five. Yeah well we have to use uh plastic so it's probably gonna be I think I'd probably increase the cost. We've only got like what, ten cents left so Yeah. My leg. Um I agree with his point it's um it is quite a lot of fun t to go and then you have sort of hit the end then go right, gotta cut everything out 'cause we don't have enough money. Uh, reckon that was a bit hard because we could only discuss things in the meeting. If we could just go up to somebody outside the meeting and have a quick talk with them, that would've been a lot easier. Not just yet. Yeah. Oh they're a bit clunky. Good point. Yeah. Is this for the project or Oh yeah. Do we know what the other ones are? Oh wow. Hey yeah, I said Ninja Homer. Guess I'd forgot how good s Play-Doh smells. I think they're all non-toxic 'cause it's aimed for like two-year-olds. Yeah it's not very tangible.