'Kay. Hmm. Okay everybody. Welcome to the detailed design meeting. Um Let's see. Our agenda. Last time we discussed the squishy fruitiness of our remote controls and how we might pursue that. Um and I think looks like we've come up with some ideas. Um and we also talked about materials we'd use and what kind of chip would be necessary. Um so for later in the meeting I've done a a spreadsheet of production costs so we'll take a look at that. Um and see if it's changed at all from when we last discussed it. Um so actually I think Yeah um f you guys wanna give a prototype presentation of Oh is that broccoli? 'S a very bright strawberry. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh. Um if you wanna look in your project documents folder, there's an Excel spreadsheet. Um the only one that's in there, production costs. And if you open it up. Um I've just stuck the numbers in, it was a real challenge there. But if I missed anything that we've gone over, or if you see something that has changed I mean, we decided on batteries, and the regular chip would be necessary for the more advanced iPod-like button. Um I said uncurved or flat. I think that's what you have there, is that right? For the for the plastic part would be Oh. Okay. Right. Well yeah. If we're talking about the area just oh I d I dunno. I guess we'd have to contact the company that makes them and see. Um so what else? There's plastic for that area around the button. Um and then rubber would be the squishy like thing right? Um and lots of special colours actually. Uh scroll wheel. Do you see anything that I've missed? Okay so that would make our total of eleven point nine, which is even less than twelve point five, which means we'd be making even more of a profit. And if we sold a lot of squishy things. Boo yeah. Okay. S So Mm. Did y what did you work on? The Okay. Do you wanna Okay. I think that's Huh, the PowerPoint one? Yeah. Um we can do it separately and then discuss it if if that's what people wanna do. Wait, one is true and so these are the questions we're answering. And one is One, right okay. If it's somewhere in between you put four. Okay. Are we just about ready? I don't think so. It's yeah the the marker thing kinda stopped working last time we Our animals will forever be there. Un unless you feel you need it t to okay okay. We'll Five. I I think we should Yeah. Yeah. Six. I wasn't cheating I swear. Uh. Oh I thought it was the other way round. So we do have about the same thing, we just have it the other way Oh gosh. Okay. Well Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Three. Two. One. Two. Two point I think I missed two. Wait, is that two point one? One point four, one point five. Okay right that's I have two of them. One. Yeah. Yeah. Three. Three. Two. Five. Four. Two. Okay. Um No no that's um I think we should look at the ones that like where s where people said four, where um it looks like we might wanna discuss changing an aspect of the remote. The that was material. Mm. Um Mm-hmm. Does the shape See I'm having I'm having trouble imagining the is it uh gonna be the size, like the the controller? It or bigger? Because Yeah. No but I imagine even if it was bigger, like if it's round and it's big then you you can't get that's why remote controls are long because you have that thumb kind of so c they could all be bananas and cucumbers. Um but I don't s I I personally don't think this is comfortable to to sit there, like it's an awkward position. Yeah. And would it even resemble fruit that way? I mean Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that I I when you were holding that before, it actually looked yeah. Yeah. What if um the it was just patterns on like we we chose the shape or the sh shape could be whatever we wanted and then it would just be like a design on the rubber. You know like like just a printed yeah or coloured yeah. Or I mean we could even have fruit like around I mean But if we if we need yeah. And if we wanna incorporate the fruit thing somehow, there might be I mean if it if it in if it uh conflicts with the comfort of actually holdi holding the Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Well see th the reason the broccoli works is you can kinda hold it like that, which is a nice kind of yeah. But I mean is there some way we could make it this kind of shape? 'Cause like kind of Yeah, yeah. Or like even Or even like Yeah like you said, like a joystick like that. You know? 'Cause that, I think I mean that fits the whole round iPod idea. And you still have the comfort of holding it like that. And you could like if it's like this, you could put fruit designs and stuff on that part. But I mean it do we have any other ideas about that? The batteries are going in the back? The reason I I ga I didn't give it a one I think I gave it a three because I thought you'd have to like unc clip no you could Just like any other one. Okay. Yeah. Right. Okay. Mm. Okay. Yeah. And it would probably cost more to produce, 'cause they're irregular. Yeah. Which is why printing might be like just printing the fruit on fruit. Mm. Not really Well we've done finance evaluation criteria, production evaluation. Um so project evaluation. I guess we're supposed to discuss um the prod the process of the project and how satisfied oh, oh it's alright. Uh. Yeah. Um Did you feel there was a lot of room for creativity in the sort of Yeah. I mean fruit and squishiness. How c more creative can you get? And how was our leadership and teamwork? Well I thought my leadership was crap personally. Excuse me, am I allowed to say that? Yeah. Um. Yeah, well I'm never gonna do a management position, I know that now. Um yeah, I thought we all worked very well together. Yeah. Yeah. Very democratic. No spats, that was good. Um and the means for like the materials we used, how convenient were they? Like the the pens, the whiteboard, I mean we used Are you a Mac person? Huh. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I can't say I found everything particularly helpful. Like I It Really? I mean m my problem yeah, yeah. 'Cause my problem was, you guys had access to like they'd put send you to sites and stuff right? See I couldn't do that, so I didn't really know what you guys were doing. And when you were talking about it I was just like you know that's wh that's why I seemed so ignorant when when you were j explaining things, 'cause I Yeah. Yeah. System. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, huh. Yeah. Yeah. Well I mean we really got into talking about like personal practicalit like it wasn't necessarily what was like we would never have thought of fruit or sponginess you know? So it's Oh right. given certain information or Just yeah. Mm, mm. What do you guys think of the pens? It asks about that. Mm. Yeah and I I've f forgotten once or twice to check the box. Mm. And new ideas found? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Seems kind of like an excessive reiteration. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well does anyone wanna talk about fruit more while we still have time? Any other ideas for Um we still have time if there's any other input. I mean the I think we did really well personally, which is why we've you know, gone through this so quickly. 'Cause I mean we've all we all kind of agreed our product is satisfactory, it fits the budget, and it's trendy. So. Um. So I think that's all for today. Meeting adjourned. Yeah. So I guess we're supposed to write final reports. 'Cause I don't know. Hmm. Hmm. Or is that just me?