Is that someone's? Okay. Or something. Well done. Certainly. Logged in? Thank you. Oops. Okay. This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the the criteria that we got from our market research. So this is the first stage of the evaluation. Now, the collection of the criteria, as we saw in our previous meeting, was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company. So it's what we've discussed in the last meeting, are we actually meeting those trends and requirements? Now the findings that we came up with, just a recap, are here. The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel, technological innovation, it should be easy to use, it should incorporate current fashion trends, and those the two main ones, they were the spongy texture and the fruit and vegetable strong design colours. The design should minimise R_S_I_ and be easy to locate and we were still um uh slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there, though that did seem to be the favoured strategy, but there was also, on the sideline, the though of maybe having a beeper function. Okay, so we can come back to that slide, if you don't have a note of those. I'll just show you how we're going to evaluate our own feedback to this, to what we have so far. We're going to use a seven point scale, where one is true and seven is false. We look at each of those criteria that I've just mentioned, I'll call that slide back up, and I will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here. Does that seem clear? Any questions there? So we're going to look at these crite Yes, we're going to come to w we'll discuss each one and we'll come to a consensus rating between one and seven. Is that okay? One is true, seven is false. Right. So I won't write all of that out again. It will just be criteria one, two, three, four, five, six, or A_, B_, C_, D_, E_, F_ to confuse it with the number rating. B_, C_, D_, E_, F_. This is where I realise how tiny I actually am. Criteria and rating. Actually, it might be an idea, if we each did give our own individual rating, and we could take an average at the end. How about that? Okay. So I'll just separate the ratings by obliques, and if we go one, two, three, four, we know who's who. Okay. Criteria A_, the fancy look and feel. How do we feel about this prototype model relating to fancy it is a fancy look and feel. One is true, seven is false. My own rating for that would be a two. One is true and seven is false. I'll just go this way. Two. Okay. Two. A four, okay. Adding those up, we've got a six and a five, eleven divided by four is what? Uh two and three quarters, it that right. Two and three quarters? Okay. Two point seven five, there we go. Okay, criteria B_, criterion B_, technologically innovative. I would give that a three. Okay. Not that you're biased in that it the designer. The average oh, for you? You want your rating to be a two? Is that what you're saying? Okay. So, I'll work out the average for that again at the end. It's a very slightly altered Okay, and we're just waiting for your rating f Two point five, okay. Losing one decimal place, that's okay. So what are you rating for this one, Paw? Two, okay. So that is eight. That brings it down to two, nice and simple, yeah. Okay, ease of use. Easy to use? Based on what you've said there, I would say a one, true. Two. A two, okay. Two. I should've said a two to make the arithmetic easy, shouldn't I? We'll just put almost two, because I'm not gonna get into silly decimal places. Okay. Or we or if we want to really bring it down, we can do later. Um mm now we're looking at it incorporates current fashion trends, now that's particularly in relation to our market research findings about the spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colours. Right. So I'm just thinking, before I give it my rating, you were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here. Is this actually going to be the colours that you would use? Right. So we could use any strong fruit and veg colours and that's what we're intending to do. Okay. And the spongy feel is no problem with that. Okay. In that case it's got to be a one for me. Yep. Everybody? Okay. That part was nice and easy. Okay. Uh moving on to does the design minimise repetitive strain injury. I don't think we've really touched on that a lot. We've we've discussed it, we haven't really come up with anything that we felt could feasibly reduce that. We've talked about pointers, but the very use of a remote control, if you're someone who's zapping, who's sitting like that, and we found so many people did, how do you minimise that on such a small device? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Right. Right. I think I'm gonna have to be neutral on that and give it a four. A five, okay. Four and a four okay. Twenty one is that twenty one? So that's four point two five. And finally, last but not least, easy to locate. Now we talked about voice recognition, we talked about a beeper, have we really have the designers come to any dec real decision on that? It was the I'm here thing, yep. And are we happy with the costs on that? That is going to be feasible, cost-wise. That sounds good then. I'd go for a I ca we can adjust the volume on that, just as we could volume on T_V_. So if sombody's in the other room or if T_V_s in different rooms, or. Right. Okay. You built into the feature. Okay. Logical. That's a one for me. One and one, good. So, how do we feel about this? We've got our our we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the uh six criteria there. That is for um incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate. The lowest rating we've got, which is really n it's not terribly low, i it's close around neutral is for uh the minimisation of repetitive strain injury. Do we feel on the basis of tha of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and now produce this as a prototype and market it, or do we have to make further modifications? We happy to go ahead? Yeah. I think for most of those ratings that it's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that, and I really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities, we could actually do much more to minimise that. I know. Okay. Well, I hope that's uh clear to the team. Is there anything you would like to to ask me about the findings before I sum up? Good. Fine then. I'll just leave it there. Oops. Oh yes. Yes. But it has a slightly flattened bottom so it can sit. So it can rest. It would just be a flat bottom with one curve. like a domed thing. Mm. The other curves at the sides, but it's slightly flattened at the bottom so it doesn't roll over. Yeah. What does it mean if you put point five for that? Mm-hmm. Right, okay. But it is gonna be part of the total cost, and there's nowhere else we can we can put that in, is there? There's nowhere else we can code for the the rubber used in the casing. So do we not have to account for it in the cost somewhere there? Okay. Mm. Might do, if we go for some of the more exotic aubergines and such like colours. S Has that not made any d if you click off that square now, has that not made any difference? Is it oh, it's brought it slightly down. So is is uncurved completely and just actually making the rubber case the curved thing, is that going to make a difference? Oh, it's not made any difference, has it?. It's gone up again. Oh. It's brought it down slightly. Is there anything on the menu No. If we tr um. If we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries, would that make a huge difference? And people are used to buying batteries, they're not gonna say I'm not getting this, 'cause I've got to buy a battery for a remote control. Should we see what difference it makes? Um Yeah. Sure. But we're still working to um head o We can put in our recommendations. If we if we're working to head office specifications as this is what this project team's working for, we can put in our recommendations for what we've we've found and what we the consensus that we've come to as a result of the meetings. But we need to work to that specification to start with. And I think the voice recognition sounds wonderful, but our object is so distinctive that that in itself is gonna make it easier to locate as a f you know in a first instance. Um as you say, we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers and so Mm. Yeah. 'Cause we've done all the background work to go for that if they want it. Yeah. So if we take voice recognition out we are. Are you sure? Sorry, not meaning to doubt your words there. Right. Are they really going to quibble about ten P_? Or point zero one of a Euro? Which is less than ten P_. That's today's kick off meeting,. Mm. I thought that's what it was. So we're okay. Although we had our separate tasks, there was so much interaction, so much that we needed to um bounce off each other. And I've certainly felt heard, listened to in that in relevant areas we've been able to, you know, give and take and adjust our remit where necessary. Yeah. Maybe we should think of branching out into children's toys and fake mobile phones as a side line. And fake R_C_s. How do we evaluate the materials we had for communicating and sharing information? Could it've been better, was it adequate? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. It's really borrowing from other areas, it's, you know, bringing things from other areas in, it so it's I mean nothing is new, but it's applying it to a d in a different area. Absolutely, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the focus isn't on to that, yeah. I think it's really good that this has been very market research based, because just going back to mobile phones, I mean this is the first change in remote control devices that I can really, you know, say is is obvious and visible. We see it in mobile phones a lot, and tha that's where we've borrowed a lot of our ide our ideas from. There are innovations in that that people don't really want. I see people wanting a model of the phone they were really happy with, and they can't get it anymore and it's innovation for innovation's sake, and I think it's wonderful our company's so R_ and D_ based. Yeah. But forcing it onto people, yeah. It's things that, you know, they might want to buy the thing they really want. Mm. Mm. Or there isn't a cover to fit it or whatever, yeah. See I think I think it was just the produc uh just the production cost of the phone. Mm-hmm. But I think in the remit that we were given, it was very specific. I think we've done what we were required to do, and I think there'll have to be another project team or a new project for us to look at at those kind of things. I don't think that's something we have to look at and find a way of raising the cash for. I think we've done very well to get within budget and it still makes such an innovative item that I think people are really gonna want. I know. Maybe it will. Maybe they are gonna steal our ideas and sell it. Mm-hmm. Questionnaire. Questionnaire done. Oh, I didn't have to rate you on how much you influenced the meeting this time. Oh, right. But do we not sometimes evaluate in these meetings too? Yeah.