How did where did where did you get all your in information? Oh. Ah, okay. Yeah. Uh, I was still working on stuff, I hadn't got it finished. Um, alright. Click to save in where do I have to save it? Um, what I've done with it, I'm sorry. Shit. Um I'm just closing it now. where I've saved it. that's it there, yeah. Oh right. Uh, right I'm responsible for working design, uh, this is basically the inside going on of the the uh remote control. So we have the energy source, we have the user interface, this this is what I've seen. Uh the sender will push the button, the chip will respond, uh and then the dig digital signal is sent to the T_V_. So uh uh, if you go to next slide, you'll see you'll see uh what do we need on the user interface. Do we need uh many buttons, or do we need l many light bulbs that could be easier to uh to realise which appliances are on or not. Um,, or would that take too much power, would we need more um components in there to supply the power? Um, the joystick is another thing, if we were gonna add that, um, there'd be more components to deal with that. Um, so uh we need to I dunno exactly what That's the design of the the the layout of the uh electronic design, but um obviously there'll be more details once we've decided what we're putting on the user interface. So, that'll be decided, I guess. Uh, and the next slide. Oh, yeah Um, if you go to the next slide then. I just used the it was a mess, uh I was just putting adding it together at the end there. Uh Uh so you have the energy source obviously connected to the chip, and the user interface obviously contains everything. You have the switch turn it on, infrared bulb, uh will contact the T_V_ and will have whatever device or D_V_D_ player, the bulb will turn on to say it's on. Uh, so do we need on the control uh different buttons to decide, or different light bulbs, would it be easier? Um, I dunno what we should decide on that. No, it's finished, yeah. Cost. Mm. L_C_D_ on the remote just telling you what's on, or uh, interactive L_C_D_ or Do you think that people will get mixed up, like, they'll be looking at this screen and that screen and then, you know, trying to get everything working, would it be a bit confusing? Yeah. Yeah We're just saying volume. Should volume be important in the joystick, do you think? Yep. I Yeah, think so. Light bulb as well, no? And a light bulb? No. To flash. No. Nah, you'd see it anyway, if you hear it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So I should just look at um the speaker, the speaker and an L_E_D_. And Yeah, and a transmitter. P Fashion. The slogan is yeah, the slogan's we put the fashion in electronics, isn't it? 'S also look cool.