Right. I'm Manuel and I'm the Industrial Designer in in this project um. In the functional design phase I'm I'll be dealing mostly with the requirements, um we'll discuss what the prog what functions the the product has to fulfil and so and so on. Um I suppose we'll work pretty much together on that one. Um um in the conceptual design um I'll be pro mostly dealing with properties and materials um of our product. And uh the detailed design in the detailed design I'll be concerned with the look and feel of the product itself, um so we're pretty much working together obviously on the design front here. Okay. Mm. Mm, mm. Right. So Mm. Well there are of course certain restrictions, you can't have it be any form and fulfil all functions at the same time, so there are always the some restrictions we have to apply here. Um however um one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be, that refers to the material, pretty much um. What are we gonna build that thing out of? How sturdy is it gonna be? Do we want it to last longer or rather have people whatever, have to buy one every half a year? Right. Right. One problem you'd get with this design is um the ball is a nice idea because of it's stability really, but of course, since it's a ball, it'll roll, so we'd have to have it flat on one side at least, down here somewhere, take away that part. That's one of the big issues. Also also you risk the hinges here. That's that's um a problem. That's that's interesting of course, but that's of course a weak point, yeah. E No no, uh uh. N n Uh, I'm your Industrial Designer, so i b well, the point is that well maybe I dunno. The shape is perhaps not the most ideal. As as stable as it is, there must be a compromise between um stability and design here, so. Mm. Mm. Well with the one-handed design you also have the the problem of the size w 'cause you know from cell phones, they can be too small. So if the remote is too small it if it's small it probably looks better, but may not be th as functional. So for that there's So The question is also, I dunno, d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it? It's probably going to lie around opened all the time anyway, so I don't know if a lid is a good idea. From stabil stability point of view uh it certainly is, but also you have to face it and take into account the more of these things break by accident, uh the more we sell. So it's don't make it too stable uh. To the other design. It looks cool. Uh functional. Right. Right. Question is what makes those game pads functional? W I think that's pretty much the form for full hand. So it's a round shape underneath that makes it comfy, right, makes it nice, so that's the essential part. Except for that I think we'll not probably not get a get away from some longer design. 'Cause you also have to know which way around to point this thing. You know, all that dif batteries right, and Batteries go weak as well, so um after a while you have to point it towards the uh towards the equipment you wanna control with it, right? So, have to m show which is the front, which is the back. I suppose you could do that. O of course the more technology you stick in that, the more it'll cost, so. Course you can do that. I mean of course it'll be evident after a while or if you look at it, it'll it'll be evident which way around to point it, since you have the the numbers and the and the the buttons and stuff, but um it's rather about an instinctual thing, like you just grab it, you don't have to s look at it, you know, which way around to point it. Otherwise the design of or the the point of putting two sensors on both sides um would probably work. Mm. Let's. Obviously Alright.