Mm 'kay. Where are they? Ah, right. Great. Right. Okay. Right. Right, 'kay. Okay. Mm-hmm, and what is this here? Okay so the number pad is 'Kay, great. Mm. Yep. Looks good. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. About nine in total. That sounds good. Yeah. Yep. That'd be good, in fact a pen is about ten centimetres usually, so that would be that sounds like a really good size, if you see it there. Mm. Is it possible uh I'm just gonna bring up the idea of colours. Is these are these the colours that of production, or is this just what we had available? Right. Mm-hmm. How high is it? Yeah. Okay. Sure. Three and a half. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, probably colour or sharpness. Mm-hmm. Audio. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Mm. Or even clear. Uh how mm-hmm how are we going to achieve this high-end product if We only have very sparse Two point three? Four point three no? And then where is the Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah we could just go with um Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. How about with embossing the logo, isn't that going to cost us some money? Yeah. That's a freebie. Was the goal in your in your prototype design that it be as low profile as possible? Sort of flat as possible. Yeah. Yeah that's what I was thinking, to Sure, okay. Yeah alright yeah fair enough. Okay, just thought I'd ask. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Two's not very high at all though. Maybe a bit higher? Yeah. Maybe closer to three even or two and a half. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um it's probably just I dunno if it's worth getting into, but um just in in that we want this to be stylish, should we think a little bit more out of the box in terms of a button grid, because I've seen there's lots of devices out there that that instead of taking your standard nine nine square grid, and they have it sort of stylized or in different concept that that Yeah. Sure, okay. Yeah, alright. Okay, sure. What about button shape? Square buttons? Okay. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Mm 'kay. Do you want me to d um Do you want me to do my um design evaluation last? Or Evaluation. Okay. Sure. Um, alright so the way this works, I'm gonna need to plug into PowerPoint, I'll try and do it as quick as possible. Um, this is um I'll just go over your head if that's okay. What's that? I don't need the PowerPoint? Oh course, yeah that's true. Let me get that. A bit more. Okay, so what this is is a set-up for us to um uh use a kind of a like a The idea is that I've set up I've reviewed all of the um the points of discussion from the beginning, and used that as a criteria of evaluation for the um uh for the current design uh th or the plan, and uh so we can review that. Uh I think it's gonna end up being sort of elementary because we're sort we're in n we're not gonna probably use it to change anything but Doesn't seem like it's going, does it? Yeah, okay great. Uh and I'm gonna write up our results on the board, so this'll be a way for us to go through and decide if we're um sort of review where we stand with it. Okay, so um So to sort of b bring together two things, sort of design goals and also the market research that we had, uh when we rate this, one is v high in in succeeding or fitting to our original aim and seven is low, okay. So these i these i th are the and um we've been asked to uh to collectively rate this, so what we can do is try and just y work on a consensus system so we just come to an agreement. Okay? So the first one uh, stylish look and feel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah um me uh my only reservation with it was that we basically went with yellow because it's the company's colour, and I don't know if yellow's gonna really be a hit. But What do you guys think? Okay. Okay let's go with five then. Fi oh uh just actually the opposite. The So it meant three, okay. Yeah, one is high. 'Kay Let's go with two point five then. Okay, um control high tech innovation. We had to remove Yeah, so we've had to remove a few of our features we wanted, but jog-dial 's good. Okay, three? Okay, um Style reflects a fruit inspired colour, design. I shouldn't have said colour, but just Sorta. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah, could be. Yeah. Okay. Okay so we'll go two. Yeah? Okay, and um design is simple to use, simple in features. F f yeah f fairly basic, you guys think? Yeah, one? Okay. Um, soft and spongy, have we achieved that? We've used mostly plastic in the end so it's going to be quite a bit of a compromise for price. Five? That's Um could we have used an entirely rubber frame to it? Was that an option? It would cost more than plastic. Okay, logo, we've got it in there, haven't we? Huh. And um it's within budget, yep. It is, isn't it? Okay, so we can say then that uh out of a possible or what would be our goal here? Yeah, out of forty nine with with zero being the highest. We are at uh two, seven, eight, ten, fifteen point five. So it's pretty good. Translates to something like about approximately seventy two percent efficacy of our original goal. Right? I think 'cause if you turn that into a hundred it would be about about thirty one, and then invert that, it's Oh right, about seventy, yeah seventy percent. Okay, good. That was just a little formality for us to go through. Yep, oh hundred pound pen. Sorry alright. No. Hmm. Yeah that's that's me. I did have one other um one other frame I thought, I mean I I d not knowing how we would deal with this information, I thought okay in theory this kind of a process would be about refining our design, revisiting our original goals. It's not something I need to p push through, but I thought should we thinking more about the dimensions, um sort of like more of a three dimensional shapes as well as opposed to just that flat um Could our design involve a series of colours so that it's more of like a line where we have like sort of the, I don't know like the harvest line or the vibrant, I dunno the Whatever just some theme and then we have different tones, lime green, lemon. It's just discussion. I mean obviously we can just abandon this, it's fine. I'm just thinking about what we originally set out to do. Um, yep so there. That's all. Um, I think to record it and uh I haven't been asked to submit it yet. Yeah. I will, yeah. Huh. Yep. I like those printer cables that just have the two little butterfly clips like that. It's really quick. To use. Sure, um so what is it you're asking of me now? Or sort of our work on setting this up. Yeah. Well, is it uh okay I'll just go through your system then. The the room uh is fairly institutional, but um the main thing is, I think um our use of this space is more just to report on things as opposed to be creative and constructive and it would probably help to um have l sort of a cumulative effect of we have ideas and we come back and then the ideas are still in discussion, you know, as in other words this this room is sort of a centre point of creativity, whereas in reality as we've gone through this, it's not really the centre point of creativity, it's more just a d debating Yeah, yeah but that's just the thing is the quest in terms of the the first point there, the room, it feels as though the creativity goes on when we leave, and then we come here and then we kind of put out our ideas and then, you know. Oh, oh right right, oh right okay room for creativ Oh right I just looked up and saw okay whiteboard, digital pens, the room. No, of course, yeah. Sorry. Huh. Yeah. Yeah I th okay on th um yeah dif answering the question uh in those terms I'd say that actually there's sort of a tease of creativity because we're asked to work through this, but actually the guidelines are fairly contrived in terms of um okay fashion trends, say fruit and vegetable colour scheme, but then i then we're told okay use the co company company colours. So what do we do. We're told okay um think in terms of style and look and feel and technology, but build something for twelve and a half pounds, so actually the creativity was more more of like a um a f sort of a f formality then an actual Yeah within the constraints the Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah. New creativity. Yep. Right. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, well well I mean my sense on that is sort of what kind of guidance and direction, encouragement Yeah from and you as well I think, just sort of acting as team leader. Um yeah I think I think it's I think it's good. I mean my personal views on on leadership is that effective effective leadership sort of um gives people a certain room for freedom and delegation, but then to come back with something that they take great ownership and you know, innovative thought with. In in reality I think here the the different elements of leadership such as the the original b briefing and then the personal coach and the and then you know having having you with your the meeting agenda is actually quite a quite a quite a con confining framework to work within. And so it is leadership almost to the point of sort of disempowering the the the team member, so But it's not bad leadership, it's just sort of s fairly strong, you know. It turns it turns the individual into more of like a um sort of a predetermined mechanism, as opposed to a sort of a free Yeah, oh yeah, without without a doubt. Yeah maybe not co confining. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yeah. Um did, you wanna comment Craig? Yeah. Yeah. Fully agree. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, got the email. Yeah. Yeah, in it Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, exactly. Yeah, I mean if you Yeah, I mean sort of taking upon that idea, w the way I see this i is that it's uh the the s the structure in which we've we've approached this whole task is quite contrary to the p principle of teamwork because the the tasks were d d sort of um divided, and then the work went on in isolation I I don't know what you guys did while you were together, maybe that was a bit different, but um yeah, but um but actually if you if you imagine not entire the completely same task given to us but us said okay, first thing we have to do is come up with um let's say um a design concept, and we sit here together and do it, well that's what teamwork is. To s to say okay go off and don't talk to each other, it's actually p sort of predisposes you to quite the contrary of teamwork. Um not that we haven't done I think the best we could have done. I'm not dissatisfied with it. Mm-hmm. I think the whiteboard, for me, is the kind of thing I would use all the time, but it's um not quite as useful as to us as it could have been, maybe just in the way that we we use it, in the sense that once we have an idea out there or while work was going on in between meetings, that could have been up on a board uh you know as opposed to in like in text. Um, and then we could then keep our ideas sort of building on that. I know that people who design cars and you know in aviation they quite often just have a simple like fibreglass prototype and it's completely you know um abs abstract from the final product, but they use it as a kind of a context to sort of walk around and puzzle and and point and discuss and and and in a way everybody's as we discuss things in the in theoretically and out of our notebooks, we're just we're actually just each of us discussing something that's in each of our own minds. It wasn't until we had this here, you know, like at one point I peeked across and looked at Craig's paper and I'm like, now I know what he's thinking 'cause I saw his book. But the b the b whiteboard could've actually been this kind of continuing um Think could be, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because the PowerPoint was provided to us while we had time to prepare, whereas I can imagine if I'd been encouraged to use Paintbrush, for example, or whatever, I would've actually used it, um 'ca you know, just 'cause that's sorta how we what we were set up to to use while we had our time. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, not quite. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure, yeah. Yeah. Yep. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And o on the topic of the technology, it just occurred to me that we actually didn't need to move our computers because each computer has all of the files. It just occurred to me that they all We only actually needed one computer. If there had been a fifth, that coulda just been sitting there ready to go the whole time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well, the w main one for me is that uh the process na in a natural f context would not have been interrupted by this necessity to discommunicate ourselves from each other. So, that's kind of a new idea for me is like just sort of that idea, well you know it's kind of s hard to keep f working forward on a team a team based project when when you're told you must now work away from your team. Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Great. So it So now we I I don't know. Hmm. What did you call it? Huh, huh. Logo. Huh. Mm. Mm-hmm. Fashion technology or something. Hmm, hmm, hmm. Hmm. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Huh. Huh. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's true, yeah. Hmm. And some Play-Dohs are actually I think edible aren't they? Wow, hmm. Huh. Yep. Taste. Yeah. Mm-hmm, yep. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Do we retreat to our, to continue our r reporting or what i