Yeah. The back end of an elephant. Aesthetic yep, sure. 'Kay, my favourite animal, uh let's see. Dunno if any of you have seen Napoleon Dynamite before. It's a liger, a combination of a lion and tiger. Have you not seen Napoleon Dynamite? Oh it's a hilarious movie. You have to see it. And and it's best characteristic is it's pretty much the awesomest animal. But you have to see the movie to fully appreciate it. There go. A prairie dog? Oh a squirrel? Yeah, that's pretty good. Alright. So I think before we close uh, we are expected I mean the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer what our what our ideas where. I mean if you wanna go back to the last slide. Uh S Yeah, I think we're I mean before we close the meeting, we're supposed to come up with some ideas for Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think this is just the preliminary, get some rough ideas for what our experiences with remote controls have been and and what we would roughly what we would incorporate into a new one maybe. Yeah, I think we've all got Mm. Yeah it seems like there's like there's sort of a tension between two ideas, I mean, you want you want one remote that maybe can work uh all all of the functions of T_V_ and if you have whatever associated with T_V_ the D_V_D_ player, or something like that, but like at the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something. Mm. Yeah. It g can't be more than twelve fifty per unit. Cost. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure if that's like I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote though, 'cause it would be very hard to use in the way that you mani manipulate it. Oh. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we should uh I guess by the end of this meeting we should have at least a a rough conception you know stage one was technical functions design, what effect the apparatus should have. Okay. Um so I mean we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface, but the the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the T_V_, but also devices connected to the to the T_V_, I mean, be able to operate D_V_D_ players, things like that. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah, I mean. Yeah, that's true, maybe we should just concentrate on having a a good T_V_ remote, and have it be um have it be like ergonomic so it's comfortable to use, uh simple to use, and looks decent and Sorta find a niche for our remote, like market it to a certain kind of p kind of people, certain certain demographic Yeah, no I think you're right. Yeah, rathe rather than focus on Y Yeah. Yeah. Remotes spinning out from other remotes and having little nested remotes inside. Yeah, that's true what you were saying, I mean it doesn't have to have a flip function, it can just have a lock function, so that it's not uh not usable when you don't want it to be usable. I guess that's good good for now. That's me. Okay. Right. Right. Yeah, it does seem like our our responsibilities have some overlap. Yeah. Alright, see you in thirty minutes.