So is Why not save that. Do you want to replace existing file, no. I actually tried to transfer it to My Documents, but spreadsheet. Yeah, but I've ta uh right, I'll just re-do it. That's the easiest way. Right. R right. Um, all these things have cost implications. And so when I done my thing on cost a I had assumed that the only uh button that would be a different colour would be the uh the red apple button. So However, I've now. But um, yeah so uh but there would be a cost implication on that, and uh as I suppose that so whether wanted to put in all these colours, would be uh open to debate, I suppose. An important consideration. Right, okay so um And the second one underneath would be the idea for the Right, okay. So we've got um detail design meeting. Right. So So, we've got prototype presentation, which we've just done, evaluation criteria, um and finance, so I guess w we have to evaluate if that meets the various uh aspects that we're looking for uh from um our previous meeting. So other than the fact that it doesn't have the second layer, but um obviously obviously it would. But other than that, we got the red apple. We got the buttons and the only thing that has really changed is the is the colouration of the buttons, and the bit after the evaluation criteria is uh is the finance. And the and the cost implication. The only snag about this is that uh the cost is probably kind of important. So um, and then the production evaluation, as to how easy that would be to uh to manufacture. Um, and whether it would uh Right, so uh as far as the the finance of it would be concern would be to make sure that the cost aye the production cost 'cause you may remember that was one of the first uh considerations was to be in d under um uh twelve fifty or two and a half uh twelve and a half Euros. So, there's no redesign. So that should uh Right, so, seems to me that the thing that I have to do is is quickly find that uh Right. Okay. Right.. Okay, so, by the fact that we've got uh the simple chip and the uh kinetic energy source, we've got a single curved case. We've got a rubber uh case materials supplements. So, we had decided that we're having rubber buttons and Okay. W the button supplements. Well, originally, I thought there would just be uh one in there because it was the one red apple. But So the so the real w the real question then would come in. Do you make all the buttons O Well, so we've got one special button form, which was the apple. Everything else is gonna be a standard. We've got special material, rubber, wood, titanium, et cetera and that, so, I was originally, I was thinking rubber wasn't special, but according to this, maybe it is. So And the r I mean effectively we've got sixteen buttons that we're gonna have on there. W I don't know is is is the sort of answer, is that meant to be all sixteen buttons, and therefore I mean, what's the op The option was maybe not to have rubber buttons, but just to have the one that was soft and spongy, and therefore Whereas it would be the special colour would be for the So you would only have the one special button that was rubber, whereas the rest would be hard plastic. Mm. I would Every design change is uh I dunno, um Okay, um, if we just had all the buttons as standard, except for the one red apple, then that would take care of that, I guess. We'd have one special colour and one special button form. And when I plugged that in last time remember it has to be under twelve and a half. As far as I know, that um that took care of the uh of the various supplements. And if What happened? Now, right. Okay, so, but the point would be that if we uh if we just did special Sorry, you were saying that it would be that one, that you would put in one there. Okay. So it Well, is it s is no, it's nine point seven I've got. Okay. So, that would that would work out fine if uh uh as assuming your correction are are assuming that that one change covers all the buttons, then that would be fine. And there's nothing else as far as I can see that we we had uh planned to put on. Uh-huh. Well, hold on. Um, if we Okay, that gives us twelve point seven But remember that the idea was to keep it the colour of the Oh, I see, so just take out the special colour for the apple and And go for battery instead. That would give you one less. But you reckon that i I mean the thing is that you wanted to a appeal to people and not have to replace batteries. Mm-hmm. But which do you think or which do we think is the more important of the options? In a sense, at the moment, we've got a total which we need to reduce down by one point two. At least. Remember that was a minimum requirement. The other option if we're planning on just going for something cheap and cheerful, would be to um make it originally, we're gonna make it a simple product. Mm-hmm. Makes sense.. Sorry, do you want that back up? Right. Okay, but remember the main the only reason we were planning on having the voice recognition was so that they could find the remote if it got lost. Go for one. Yep. Okay. Yeah, why not not, m m maybe nearer three. Two three. Well, it's just that uh saying something remember that when you look down, we've got solar power, we've got uh various other things you could have, and we're not going for these options. Mm-hmm. Okay. No. 'Cause you can't afford that w we took that out too. Didn't you? Or Well, wait a minute. In thirteen point seven we do have kinetic. The problem is we have to reduce down from there to get it down to twelve point five. And one way of doing that would be to take out the kinetic. So, it's very much dependant on what you do with your options. And if you're definitely going for the sample sensor and sample speaker, then because that the other functions we've got in are are more at the The special material, the rubber, wood, titanium, et cetera, if you go for that, th that's at the high end 'cause that's point six, whereas down at uh just special colours uh is point two. Now you're trying to lose one point two, so it seems to me that if you're going for the sample sensors speaker, you're basically then having to go for the cheaper options on everything else. And and the simple way to do it would be to have a battery, to have your uh sample sensor speaker, and then you're looking to uh take out uh point two, which would be come from the button supplements category. Um, interface type um, well plastic rather than rubber. That that that would make the significant difference. You could either you could have it If you have a in plastic rather than rubber, then that would uh enable you to get you could keep kinetic then, you could keep your sample sensor, and you'd be looking to take out point two. So you could uh fiddle that down your special form at the bottom, or your special colour at the bottom. And that would enable you to to do it. Yeah. Ye Well, okay, but It's rubber as it is, yes. We got we've we've got thirteen point seven and we've got it in at the moment and if and basically, we're going to reduce down from that. But the current one, you'd say would be fancy, would be too Mm-hmm. I would've said about a two as well. Oh. The next on Well, I can just sing about. Easy to use. I would've said yes. I would go for a one on that at this point in time. Um, incorporates elements of fashion to attract buyer. Well, yeah it certainly has some.. Yep. I don't know. Yep. Yeah, I woulda said two would seem reasonable. The product is a recognisable real r uh reaction product? Oh. S Okay. So we're going for a two, three? Sure. Right, okay. Two. Right, come on. That's that decided. Right. So So we're now on to changing it to get it to fit in with the budget requirements, and then About a two. Two. Yep. Two b two b two, yeah. Yes. Well, you can lose one point two and still meet the requirements. Okay, well I put it back on. Yes, I would've thought so. Okay, so what was it, control uh F_ eight, wasn't it? Oh. Oh. How kind. Right, okay. So, you can see there that the If you want to keep kinetic, right, you've got a choice there of going down to battery, which would save you one. You've got the sample sensor and and sample speaker, which is your big item. That's right. Which gets you Yes. Alright. Okay, so So we're going for plastic, yes? Yep. Well, uh w uh there was debate as to how you would count them. You got special colour. Well originally I was assuming we had the red apple, and therefore, that was the special colour. Well, we've got special form. Now that would be one button, and the question was was that all buttons or is that just one button. 'Cause our plan really was to have one button only with a special So so no matter how you look at that, that would be the same. The other thing would then be special material, rubber, wood, titanium. Alright. So, special colour, you want three in there. Okay. That makes sense. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I would agree with that, I think. So special colours, two. And we've got special form is the one apple. The rest are all standard, although you could argue that should maybe be You were making these buttons down the bottom, I was presuming, bigger than the other ones, or were you? Was that the idea? Uh-huh. I would have thought that's probably about r well. Right. Yep, that makes sense. Yep. I woulda said so. Yeah. So you'd maybe put fash fan uh fashion at three rather than two. Real Reaction produ I'm not quite sure, what does that mean? Yep I would s You mean of Well you could argue you might do it once a year, you would change, because at the moment you're making a red apple. So next year you could make next year's model the same, but have it as a a yeah whate whatever, a lemon. Yeah, l a lemon lemon or something. And that amount Yeah, we've the main thing we've changed really is the casing isn't it? We've Well, ease has certainly stayed. Yeah. And the speech feature. How it would play out, yeah. Oh. Well, but you've got the company logo on there, which would effectively be a stick-on badge. So you're in a sense, you're comparing the product without the company logo. And then y but you've got the space for it to stick it on. Don't think so. But but i but in the sense that, as you saw with um the Windows logo badge, it doesn't really matter. There's virtually n The way that you frame, you know, the Windows badge on there, it really doesn't matter what colour it is, so long as our company's logo is framed w in the same way as that with a like a black outline. Fact, they've got black and white or black and silver. So basically, even if you had a silver the same colour of silver on your display, because you've got effectively a double edging on the uh on the logo, it means that it splits off what your logo is from the from the product. And that's actually quite a sneaky way of doing it. You could put in another Well, in this one, you've actually got three colours of buttons. Well, we decided that the blue ones were the um the standard colour. So you were talking about uh um We're assuming that all the buttons on the second panel, the hidden away panel, would all be standard. Which m may or may not be the case. Well, yeah. Bu but but uh was the was there not a button that you were thinking of on the um on the other opt you know, on the second page, as it were, that uh you were thinking of maybe having as a different colour? Yeah, well Alright. Okay. So we just add that to profitability in effect. Right, so we're meant to finish up in five minutes. Mm-hmm. So we're okay this way around. Until the design team comes in and says, get off. But you are the design team. So what bit are we on to? Yeah. I th I th Oh. Right, okay. Oh drats, I've botched that, haven't I. Right, okay um What's happened here? Right, okay um Mm. Right, okay um, Right. So we got So we've done the the finance bit and the Excel project and the We've done the redesign. So we're now on to project process. Now satisfaction with, for example, room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, means, et cetera, whiteboard, digital pens, et cetera. So, we're actually now uh, in a sense, on to the evaluation of the course rather than the evaluation of the project is m my understanding of it. So what did you and remembering that nobody's just over the curtain. So, um So I suppose the easiest way of doing it is to put some notes down, which I will do. So, uh I think I have to finish that page. Right, okay, so Project evaluation. So, um Creativity. Did you feel you got a chance to express yourselves well enough? Well um Individual meetings. How do you mean? In you on your own. Um Mm, The only thing you find is in a manufacturing process, you would normally, you go to a meeting, you decide, right, you do this, you do that, you do that. Then you go away. You find out information. You then come back. You then discuss it. You then go and change things around, and then go back. So Whereas, this time, you're really getting it from a database source, so it's not uh well uh Anyway, so, what do you want to put down? I've put, seemed okay. Creativity, seemed okay. Um um flow of information on on any given subject given subject um sometimes disjointed. Um Have could have used a different example pel to increase create Creativity. You have to do it within a set time frame is the other thing, so I th I uh d But the other thing is that uh they're I'm guessing that they're trying to use this um software to to demonstrate how you could uh do a project. I mean, m my wife at the moment, for instance, is uh acting as a computer um for um you normally, you got a problem, so you go to your tutor and find out information to see how to get it fixed. So what she's doing is she's having to spend a day at the computer terminal at one end so that any student that comes along can uh ask whatever question. And then you or the idea is that the whichever uh person's at the other end can point them in the right direction, show them where to either give them directly give them help, or secondly, point them in the right direction, either at the library, or uh or or come back, or go and see Joe Bloggs, or whatever. So uh, and that was a project I suspect similar to this, because they they were actually trying to debug the uh computer software to enable um to enable it to work. And of course, you had the machine crashing and various things going wrong. So Alright, so we've got uh New ideas found, did we find any, no. Alright. Leadership, teamwork. Does You've got voice recognition computers, that's not remote controls. Mm-hmm. Okay, so how do you reckon teamwork went? To uh go uh reasonably well. Okay. Bit bit arbitrary. Mm-hmm. So, we're m we're meant to comment on leadership and the means, E_ G_ whiteboard, digital pens, et cetera. And and new i new ideas found was the the other thing. Now, I'd much rather be in marketing but I certainly didn't get this uh computer to work as well as I would have liked. However, um Alright uh means, so whiteboard um so really, it's uh equipment. Oh. Right. New ideas found, so one or two. um and uh voice uh, was it voice activated um recognition. Right, so, uh are the costs within budget, yes. Is the project evaluated, yes. Uh, don't forget to complete final questionnaire and meeting summary. Then celebration. Yeah. Uh, so we don't re So really I tried to save this the last time at twelve point three, and it didn't seem to have saved anywhere. Mind you, the the figure last was was different, but it should be poss