Ready for this? Oh man. No it's important to we talked a quite a bit about uh you know the the interchangeable uh faces and what we've done here is come up with a bit of a natural look here um f we call it fruity if you will. Um. Right, um, of course that's uh interchangeable and uh I think it would be desirable for the uh for the regular product in the in the in the in the first packaging to be something a little bit more subdued but this is kind of something that can be done um and as you can see on the television there uh we have the uh voice detector device um on the top there. Um. So that that will work quite well with with regard to finding this uh contraption. Um, what other things do we see here, well, um if you give it a touch it does have actually a bit of a spongy feel, um, so I think that will work well with regards to our market. Um and uh let's see, well clearly there's gonna be some more colours and what not available. Um uh do you have anything else to add to that? It's actually important to note that the television, uh you know if there's an earthquake or anything like that, that i it actually is edible inside. Um it's encased in a new uh type of uh polymer yeah. It's fine. Hmm. It's pos a possible new product. Um, but I think that's I think that sums up the main features of our of the remote, um I dunno if you guys have any questions or f whether that uh whether we need to worry about any uh other marketing areas or anything of that nature. Um, did we come in under budget? Mm-hmm. Mm. Did we talk about the voice recognition uh option? So uh so uh yeah on the back here you all noticed this area here which is actually the voice recognition uh uh console and uh I think it's nicely designed into the into the overall look. Um, but basically the voice recognition uh incorporates um the latest designs that our research team has been able to cufw uh come up with. Basically uh quite similar to the coffee maker um design that we were talking about earlier and um, I think that uh has given a proven um ease of use and what not. And uh allows features like the remote actually talking back to the user um, so. Well we didn't quite have enough material uh. Oh I see, right, um. Right. Actually this bottom red ring here just unclips and then you put a a new a new uh a new plate on top of that. So I mean there are I we definitely priced out a spongy even spongier non-natural look um materials which I think worked out fine. We also continued on with the ideas that f following uh Apple's colour schemes with the kind of the uh light orange and the green. The voice recognition area actually doubles as uh as the solar cell area. Yeah. I mean I think that uh if we're talking about it being one of our main selling features, being environmental and without the batteries and what not, although it does still have a battery so I'm not sure that you know what the sell is on that. I mean you might be able to sway me on the idea that we our main selling point could be already this voice recognition thing I mean that's what sets us apart right? And the reality is you know, for me from an ideological stand point, I'd like to stick with the uh the solar cell, but I h kind of have to throw myself in the in the business structure model here and uh you know I think I think that I think that we need to come to a compromise here and maybe move ahead with the project, without the solar cell. Savings. No, I think that was a good compromise you brought forward Sarah. Yep. They like that spongy feel. And the paging function works well, that's good to hear, we worked hard on that one. W we might have uh we might have lost that granola market again that we're I guess that's true. We didn't use the whiteboard at all. And Um, also had I not been intrigued about the pen, I don't think I woulda used it at all, I didn't write barely anything. Uh. Yeah. I so I don't n I think there was a lot of room for creativity, we could do whatever basically what we wanted until the budget came down on us, um. With the natural look. I think the teamwork was good as well. Well I think that was I think that was an issue I kept finding with regard to well no but also yeah when I was reporting about what each of us was doing I was often confused as to what you were doing um and then I also felt like you know a lot of our discussion would centre around n specifically what my task was because that was kind of the interface portion which was what the whole project was about uh but and then in the end I think our jobs kind of melded together a little bit more, which was fine. Mm-hmm. And I think your leadership was quite good. An so is that the first time you've taken on that kind of role? I had to admit, as soon as w we started I mean as soon as we got the Play-Doh, th you know the whole concept of really trying to stick with reality went out the window. Possibly. Oh yeah, still have 'em. Yep. I mean I think had the issue been more serious we probably woulda brainstormed more during our meetings as a team. Well I dunno what I woulda shown on that board. I mean it's just like the paper I don't know what I really needed the paper for. Um, because I've got this laptop. Standard, I just used it 'cause it's literally right in front of me. So is this all we need to get through? Is it Any new ideas with regard to remote control concepts? What is that? Our limited ability to think outside the box? Why? Huh I think it was the real. Yeah. Think it was also realisation of you basically just copy and paste what's given to you into your presentation which uh wasn't so clear to me at the beginning. Oh I added like five slides too, but I Yeah, mine too. No. I added many slides every time Yeah. Um. Even you. Actually that looked a lot more like a tongue from previous to uh fr some other design uh modifications. I hope you appreciate the uh incorporation of some tin foil from a uh random Kit-Kat bar that happened to be consumed. So again I reiterate my question of how different we are comp compared to the other groups, especially between culture groups and what not. Mm. What the uhs and the Mm. That's scary yeah? Well just around that eight or or nine people that are Dude, I think we've had internet for like eighteen years. In the eighties? Right. Yeah, it was to the like seven universities or something. You guys ready to celebrate? Celebrate. There is another one. Huh? Yep.