Yep. Well there's a wee a wee plug just just that one there Ah that's it, yep. And then you have to press function F_ eight I think it is on your laptop. That's it. Repetitive strain injury. Repetitive strain injury. So if you Cheers. Here we go. Right so I'm gonna talk about the technical technical functions design of the remote control um. We need to start by considering what a remote control actually is. It's a device that allows us to produce certain effects on our television, so i it's basically a communication device. We we tell the remote control what we want to do, it sends a message to the television saying change the channel, change the volume, uh yeah, adjust these settings, adjust the brightness. Um how do we actually go about designing a new television remote control? First thing to do is to come up with the design specifications. We need to know what our final product is gonna be like, so we need a a clear idea of exactly what this product does, uh how it works, and what the end-user is gonna want from this product. Um. Oh, a way I'd suggest that we could go about this is by designing uh several different prototypes of user interfaces for this product, um and then uh trying to get some feedback uh about h how well these particular prototypes work, uh sorta find out what people think of 'em. Um using a remote control is is quite a subjective experience. Um, and different different people sort of prefer different things. Um we should remember that remote controls are a a fairly standard piece of equipment. When a users using a remote control, he or she expects the buttons to be in certain places. So in some sense we're gonna we're gonna have to aim for a device which is fairly conventional in design uh so that we're not completely shocking people. But I think within that there is also room for us to introduce novel ideas uh and to make something that's that's perhaps a little bit different, something that stands out. Um also in in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities. Uh the first of these is is technological ye uh what can we do with the current state of technology as it is. The second is is economic, uh we need to find a balance between features and price. So as you mentioned things like voice recognition would would add to the price uh but it would also im improve the design of the product. So I had a look on the on the web uh to see if I could find a few examples of existing television remote controls. In analysing these we can consider what what things what's good about them, uh what things do they get right, what's bad about them, what's wrong with 'em, um how we can improve on the designs that that that I found and what can we do to make our product stand out from from the large majority of remote controls. Here's two examples uh probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum. Um on the left here we've got uh an engineering-based design for a remote control, so it's one that's got lots of buttons, it's it's fully featured, everything you might possibly want to do is there, you know, it's got forward, backwards, up, down, channel numbers, volume, uh freeze frame. Yeah, it's it's fully featured and it might take a while to get to learn to use it, but once you've learned it you can you can do whatever you want with your T_V_. The one on the right is a lot more basic. It's just got the essential functions of the T_V_ changing the channel, play, stop, volume. It would be a lot quicker to learn to use it, but again th it's it's swings and roundabouts. There are disadvantages, you can't use it say to to freeze the television picture. Uh there's a lot of features that are missing from that remote control. So we've got to to find our find a way of striking a balance between the two. Um as I said before, remote controls are subjective, different people want want different things. Um personally wa what I want from a remote control is a device that's simple, it it's easy to use, uh it's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often, changing the volume, changing the channel. It it does everything that I need it to uh, as I said before, I'm quite lazy, I don't wanna walk across the room just to adjust my television. I also want something that that looks cool, um and that that feels good, that's ergonomically designed. I think there's there's certainly a market for technology that looks cool. And I think that's that's why companies like Apple've 've 've made a lot of progress. Uh that was just on the d on the company web site, yeah. What's up? Lefty loosey. Uh. Never heard that before, that's good. I'll think of that every time now. You don't have it in the States? Oh, I didn't realise. Um yeah, it's like a I suppose it's kind of similar to a very very basic web browser. Um you have like you have uh numbers on your remote control, uh y and you type in the page number you want, so like you type a hundred on your remote control and this this kind of index appears on the television screen with just some some text and some very blocky looking graphics on it. And you just type numbers to go to different pages and it gives you information, mostly rather boring stuff like what's on T_V_ next and share prices and that kind of thing. Yep, news headlines. It's earl it's pretty old technology. It's like nineteen eighties. Right. So what's our corporate image like? It's It's kind of yellow colour with uh we put fashion in electronics. It's like double R_. Yeah. Is it is it something that's gonna be sold separately from the television or is it something that comes w with a television? 'Cause that would affect the way that we market it. Right. Right, okay. Yeah. Um. I I would say no, because it's gonna add too much to the price. Especially if we are marketing it as a separate product, people are gonna be paying uh, well, uh we've got a price limit of was it twelve twelve and a half Euros for to produce it? And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The remote There are remote controls like that, yeah. Like some T_V_s they have a sort of uh a sliding screen on the remote control of it that hides all the complicated buttons. So if you wanna do something complicated like programme your television or re-tune it, then you you open up this little hatch or or slide the screen down and there's all the all the special buttons. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a good idea, yeah. Yeah. Si simplicity and fashion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah, it's pretty it's pretty high-tech. It's for, like, the ultimately lazy people, who can't even be bothered to pick up the remote. Yep. I think the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages. I mean, we we said simplicity is is one of the features, so it's going to appeal to people, maybe people who have problems with technology, you know, people who get scared by having lots of buttons, and that might be older people, but then we've also got fashion, which is something that definitely appeals to younger people. Yeah. Yeah aim for a an income group. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Which are kind of hidden away in some way or well not hidden but they're uh they're not as prominent as the main features. We should maybe investigate whether it needs a battery at all. I suspect the remote control does need a battery, but I dunno if you can Yeah. Yeah, without the energy, yeah. Yeah, that's that's possible. Yeah. Yeah. Yep.