Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so trend watching. Uh since we do put the fashion in electronics, it is kind of important how our product looks. So I guess we can go ahead and go to the next. So what they want. Right now customers want fancy versus functional. Um basically about fifty eight percent of what they like of the product that they want, describing like the in order of how much they want, fifty eight per cent of the decision of what it should look like, fancy versus functional, and then it has to also be technologically innovative, and yet easy to use. So the customer basically is confused. They don't know exactly what they want. They want us to tell them. Yes. Exactly. So we can go to next. Okay. So in Milan and Paris recently the trends have been showing that clothing, shoes and furniture are basically just covered with fruits and vegetable patterns. So I don't know if we want to go with that um and also the spongy feel is in in contrast to last year. I don't know really, I mean I guess the spongy could relate to the buttons if we want to rather than like a hard clicky button that you find on like some mobiles and stuff, you'd want like a softer touch. I mean do you guys know what I mean. Yeah. Um. But as for the fruits and vegetable patterns, I don't know if we really want to go with that, because it is just a trend, and our product we want to stay around for much longer than just a few months, because Yeah. I mean that could just be a Spring thing right now. Okay. Awesome. Um so design preferences, um we need easy to read like large buttons, clearly labelled so that, I mean 'cause we talked about that being a problem. Um and then also buttons illuminating upon touch, you said that in your design, with the bulb. Um and that could also tie in with the colour scheme. Uh we need the Real Reaction logo and colour scheme obviously. That's one of our key goals, we wanna promote our product. And I was thinking about different types of designs and I came up with something. Actually right here. So what we could do is something like an old-fashioned telephone like this, where we put the buttons around, like we'd put a big on-off button or something else in the middle, I mean it could be the arrows or whatever for channel up and down, and then put the numbers around in like an old-fashioned dial shape. 'Cause then it'll appeal to older generation and like said retro's cool. So it's classically retro. So I mean that's just an idea if you guys like it. And, yep. And that's it. That's cute. Yeah. I have four of those remotes. Okay. That would be amazing, though, yeah. No, splinters would What is that? Mm. Right. Okay. Oh this the thing we were talking about earlier. Yeah, like using the menu to be like, enter your name into the screen like on the menu options. So that way the remote reads it. I feel like voice recognition would be, I don't know, w it would be too hard to really I mean we could do it, but Technology. And it is a growing trend, the higher technological, like the, I mean just like the more advanced it is, the better it'll sell. Yeah, 'cause we need to know how big it's gonna be and how heavy. Oh the base, yeah. W We need to decide, well so we can figure how big it's gonna be, like exactly what buttons we want and exactly It could be like this. Yes. I'd, well uh This one is really comfortable, like I like the sides whatever, because But if we have the um, the locator, then we don't have to worry about that. So we can make it small if we have a l locating device. Hmm. Two double A_s, for this size. Right. Yeah. Smaller, without Yeah. I think if we had a a locating device with the small one, I think that seems way more advanced. Yeah. Yeah, because I mean if even looking at cellphones right now, those trends the smaller the hotter it is, yeah Oh. Yeah. Ouch. A phone, whoa, that would wow, that would hurt. Yeah wood. Yeah, 'cause if it's gonna cost us more to produce a chip, titanium will be more expensive. Yeah. We could do that, because all our research shows that people are definitely willing to spend more if Good plan. Oh. Yeah, who knows. O or we could like take off this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because the soft latex definitely is squishy. That's in. Well I mean squishier than like, yeah, just a hard plastic. 'Cause that uh what it type of, yeah, for voice activation would it be like a certain term what we would say like, because people could just be talking and we don't want it going off all the time. So uh Ooh. Uh see I'm uh I'm strangely attracted to it, because I know that's it's definitely gonna be big, because it's, I don't know, it's just so high-tech. Oh, then maybe voice maybe voice activation won't be good. Yeah, n n no, we just want it to be a finder. But do can your can the department make Oh, brilliant then. Yeah, good point. I think triple A_, it'll be lighter. I mean more more come in a package. Yeah. That's a good point. We could think about it and come back to it next meeting. We still have one more meeting. Yeah, it could be whatever, as long as there's something big in the middle, because like the old phones, there's like that just like piece of metal or like a picture or something in the middle. Oh, that's true. Good point. So scroll buttons on the side and then buttons on top? But we definitely If we have scroll things on the side, we definitely have to have 'em labelled. Yeah, like on the side of it. Oh if it's just up and down. Well, you could do some on both sides. Yeah. That's squishy. That's squishy. have buttons. Yeah, that. Yeah. Yeah, or like a gun-metal grey, 'cause then it combines the silver and the black. Yeah, buttons wear off. Hmm. But we want it to be seen. We need it to be seen. Right. Yeah. Some of tho Well, some of those buttons though are blue-based. Um well, a lot of those buttons are blue-based. Well, kind of. Um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact, they could illuminate yellow. Like if we like the one all the way on the left, uh you ca you can see it on your computer better. Um where the button is actually blue, but the number itself is clear or white or whatever so if you pressed it would illuminate yellow. So we'd have blue and yellow for the touch buttons. Yeah. Mm yeah.