Hiya, I'm Ryan. Um I'm the User Interface Designer. Um likewise I've three different roles for each stage of design. Um the functional design is looking at the tex technical functions of a remote control. Um in the concept design, the user interface, how the user reacts with the the product. And the detailed design um sort of like the user interface design, what they might be looking for, uh things like fashions, what makes wha how we're gonna make it special. That's about it. Yeah. Yeah. Well uh s function of remote control is just just you know, change channels is its main function. Oh right. I suppose you c try make it a universal remote for could work on all sort of electrical products in in one person's house. But, you know, they all sorta have the same role changing channels, volumes and then programming. I think they all work on the same prin principle as well sorta like I don't actually know. But is it just infra-red? Is that standard? Ye yeah. Um one thing I thought of with the remote control is you always lose 'em. So if there's a g a way of finding it quite easily, I thought that'd be quite good quite a good feature. Oh you can get those key well you could whistle or make a noise and it'd beep. Yeah. Generally, all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance. Just long. Yeah. Black usually. Yeah. I think so. Maybe sorta spherical or something. A ball. Yeah. People I thought maybe, because people always tend to throw a remote control about the place to one another if it was in a ball, and maybe the actual controls are inside or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It could be cased on the outside and t everything could be inside. Ye Small. I'd I could draw sorta the ball idea. My original idea was just simply sort of a sphere, where maybe you this is where it's connected together, and then when you open it out, it could fol it could be maybe flip, like a flip phone, and then when you fold it out the middle Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it. If that if we did use a hinge, or if it was just two parts, and then you'd have just sorta you you you know, your buttons. Thing is inside I think, sometimes remotes have too many buttons, so maybe as simple as possible, um as few buttons inside as possible. Um, I dunno, what's the idea for. Just something maybe if you ha if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it. It's looking a bit like something out of Star Wars at the moment though, to be fair. But yeah. That was that was a sorta simple idea I had and then you know you could about Right, it would almost be like a ball. So that was just just an idea I had. I don't know whether anybody else has other ideas? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe f yeah. Yeah, that's g that's a good idea. Yeah. The idea it didn't have to necessarily be f a hinge, that was just one idea though. Yeah. Well I I suppose that things become design. But I mean i I was trying to think of like the design of others. I can't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote, maybe small, sort of fatter ones, but there's nothing being done sort of out of left field, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think definitely doing something different is a good idea. I mean maybe design something, that's sort of like uh I suppose not everybody's everybody's hand's the same, but something that would maybe fit in the hand easier. Yeah, with a grip. It still might be hard to it still not the ho easiest thing to hold, yeah. Like yeah. Yeah. It's d yeah. I think it's definitely got to be a a one-handed a one-handed job. Yeah. But then maybe to go back to the to th s something along those things then. Yeah. Put it Even if you designed it in some in a way that you know, isn't a rectangle, but still pointed in a direction that had definite points. So if that's your thing and you got something like that instead, and there's your s you kn you know which way you're gonna pointing it. Um Does it say what does it say for n it says on there what we need to do for the next meeting, I think. T