Cool. Do you wanna give me the little cable thing? Yeah. Cool. Ah, that's why it won't meet. Okay, cool. Yep, cool. Okay, functional requirements. Alright, yeah. It's working. Cool, okay. So what I have, wh where I've got my information from is a survey where the usability lab um observed remote control use with um a hundred subjects and then they gave them a questionnaire. Um so it was all about, you know, how people feel about the look and feel of the remote control, you know. What's the most annoying things about remote controls and um the possibility of speech recognition and L_C_D_ screens in remote control. Not that they actually gave me any answers on the L_C_D_ screens, so I should have taken that bit out, but anyway. Um okay, so. What they found is that people don't like how current remote controls are, so you know, definitely you should be looking at something quite different. Um seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Uh the other twenty five percent have no fashion sense. Uh eighty percent of users would spend more to get um you know, a nice looking remote control. Um current remote controls, they don't match the user behaviour well, as you'll see on the next slide. Um I dunno what zapping is, but Oh, right. But you have that little thing that comes up at the bottom and tells you what's on. Um okay, fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons, so that's going back to what, you know, we were saying earlier about, you know, do you need all the buttons on the remote control, they just make it look ugly. Okay? Cool. Um so this is my little graph thing. Mm k Okay, well, I can send it to all of you. What it is is um it's cones, 'cause I thought they'd be more exciting. Um but ooh where's it go? Back. Oh. Oh yes, cool. Okay, I'm gonna stop playing with the little pointy thing. Um okay, so like what it shows is how much things are used relatively and what you can clearly see from that is the thing that's used most is the channel selection. What you can't see is volume selection, it's a little bit higher than all the others. Yeah, so what the graph shows is that, you know, power, channel selection and volume selection are important, and the rest of them, you know, nobody really uses and so that's the the numbers along the top represent their like um their importance, you know, so on a scale of one to ten, how important is that and, you know, channel selection and volume selection are absolutely essential, and the power, well it's not quite so essential, apparently, although I don't understand how it couldn't be, um and everything else, I think, you know, you can forget about having those buttons on the remote control, 'cause they're just not needed, and they're not used. Okay. This is the bit that the email messed up for me and that's what I was fiddling about with at the beginning of the thing. Okay, cool. So um okay, so this is what people find annoying about remote controls. Uh that they get lost, that the uh you know, they're not intuitive and that they're bad for repetitive strain injury. I think if you're watching enough T_V_ to get repetitive strain injury from um you know, watching T_V_, then that's the least of your problems, but you know, it's up there. Um that yeah. Okay, so um I mean the the R_S_I_ thing would be that, like when you have the computer keyboards and you keep your wrists up would be something that encourages you want something with an ergonomic t design that encourages good use of the remote control and you know, not straining your wrists watching T_V_. Yes. Okay, cool. Right, um sorry this is pink because I was copying and pasting the table, and I didn't have time to white it out again. Um okay, but that shows how people whether they would pay more for voice recognition software. So you can see from that that, you know, younger people to the age of thirty five are quite likely to pay quite a lot more f well quite are quite likely to pay more for voice recognition software, whereas as people get older, they're a bit more sceptical about it and they're less willing to to try it. Um so clearly voice recognition is something to think about, but um you know I d I do wonder how well that would work given that a T_V_, you know, tends to be people talking and um, you know, how are you going to stop it from just flipping channels whilst watching T_V_. Um okay? Cool. Um okay, so these are my personal preferences. So you have sleek, stylish, sophisticated, you know, so something that's, you know, a bit cool. Um you know, functional, so it's useful, but minimalist. Um there's a there's an important thing that, you know, people use when, you know, when you're filling up your home, you know, a lot of people fill up their home with bits of crap, basically, you know, and you've got all this stuff, and you're just like, what the hell is that, who is ever gonna use it? You know, so things should either be functional or beautiful or preferably both, so I think we need to aim for both. Um okay, then a long battery life, like you were talking about earlier and um, you know, I was thinking that solar power would be quite cool because, you know, your remote control just sits there, and you could just sit it in the sunshine and save the environment a bit. Um and then like a locator, so you know, kind of like you have for a mobile phone or not a mobile phone Yeah, that's it, you know. I know, it's weird. My flatmate and I were talking about this on the way into uni this morning and I was like I need to get one for everything. So yeah, so maybe something where you clap and then it beeps, something a kind of sound that you don't often hear on the T_V_, you know, 'cause you don't want your remote control beeping every five minutes, 'cause you you'd then deliberately lose it by throwing it out the window or something. So okay? Cool. That's me. Cat's. Ca. Yeah, I mean that's the thing is that it didn't say in the survey, you know, whether, you know, these are the people that will pay more for a more stylish remote control, but I'm assuming, you know, yes. Well, that's when you go to uni, isn't it? So, you know Yeah. Oh, I've unplugged it. Do you want me to Yeah. Seventy six point three percent. Yeah. Yeah, I kn I mean I know what you're saying about the fifteen to twenty five year olds, but I mean it has been proven that that people of that age group have a higher disposable income because they don't have like I mean, you know, if you're at university, you're paying your rent, but you don't have a mortgage, you don't have a life insurance policy, you don't normally have a car, yeah, so. You're still learning to drive actually, so that just costs more than a car, but yeah. Um so I mean like it is an age group to target, really, I think. No, I mean that's what, that's like fifteen Pounds? You know, I think Yeah, I d I don't know many people without a T_V_. We didn't have a T_V_ last year, and everyone thought we were off our heads, you know. Yeah, I d well we've we've got quite a d decent T_V_. Yeah. I think I think the fact that, you know, ninety one point two percent of fifteen to twenty five year olds are saying yes, I would pay more for a voice recognition remote control, does say quite a lot really. You know, so I mean that and the disposable income and I don't think it's something to ignore, you know. Is not a massive difference, you know. No, do totally. You do have it in your mobile phone though, don't you? Because you have like I mean every mobile phone now has like call this person and it calls them. I don't know. Yeah. S so y you'd maybe need a code word. Do you know what I mean? So like when you say change, except that's being said quite a lot on T_V_, so maybe like, you know, remote. I mean how often do people say remote on T_V_? Although I only watch Charmed, so really I wouldn't know but like so you'd just say remote five, you know, remote ten, remote one two nine. I don't think there's a lot of uh voice recognition remote controls. Yeah, that would be another way to do it. Yeah, but then the code word would be even more important, because I mean Sky advertise on every channel, don't they, you know, so then it would be you'd be watching Charmed, and then the Sky advert would come on and it would change to Sky. Yeah, yeah, and that would be really annoying. Yeah. Do you not think that defeats the object of having voice recognition on a remote control though? Yeah, you know, so you have to have the remote control. It's more like if you lost it and it's down the sofa sometime, you can yell at it and it'll just change it, you can look for it later, yeah. Yeah, yeah, I suppose nearer to you but a b like if you have surround sound then Yeah. Yeah, 'cause it's it's quite important that you don't lose the the bit to locate the remote control. Yeah, definitely, yeah. Oh, so y you want our um PowerPoint presentations in there, hey? Okay. There you go. But is everyone's called functional requirements? Okay, so that's good. That's me done. Okay, cool.