Here we go. Welcome everybody. Um, I'm Abigail Claflin. You can call me Abbie. 'S see. PowerPoint, that's not it. There we go. So this is our kick off meeting. Um and I guess we should all get acquainted. Let's shall we all introduce ourselves? I think we'll get around to that, yeah. So this is just introductions yeah. Okay. I forgot to s say I'm the Project Manager but I figured you all knew that already, um so. Okay. Um so f here's our agenda for today. Um we're gonna do some tool training, project plan and discuss then close. Um so. So our aim is to produce a remote control that is original, trendy and user friendly. And to do this, we have to um there's certain things we have to consider about functional aspects and conceptual design of the thing. So. We'll get to that. Oh there it is. Right. Functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. So throughout our next couple of meetings we'll we'll be covering these things. Um so we're gonna try out our white board. If we'll all draw our favourite animal, to sum up the characteristics of that animal. Okay. Yeah. Both. Yeah. Any volunteers? Does anyone know what they wanna draw? I don't think so. A dolphin. 'S like playing Pictionary. So what characteristics do you like about your animal? They're graceful. Sleek. I don't know how intelligent that one looks. Yes. Does anybody else wanna draw their animal?. Uh-oh there goes the ten. It's a cat. Do you wanna anything? I dunno if the the ah. A horse. That's very good. Yeah. This cord's Uh. Right. Actually I haven't thought of anything yet. Uh It's a pig. So I'm thinking we should design a remote control that's water resistant, strong and furry. What do you think, yeah? This is yeah, well like a cat, you know, soft yeah. Although uh I'll just put there. Right. Oh my gosh, this is disastrous. Sorry about that. Okay. So moving on. Our selling price goal is twenty five Euro and profit aim is fifty million Euro. So I'm guessing that we're not actually in Scotland, we're in some European country. Um, and we will hope to sell this internationally. Um selling price is twenty five Euro. Profit aim fifty million Euro. Anyone a mathematician? So f that's a fifty percent um uh. Um, I don't know what these mean because I didn't actually make the slide-show. Experience with remote control. So I guess we have to reflect on our experiences with remote controls to decide what um we would like to see in a convenient, practical, nice remote control. Um so do we have any initial ideas for uh how this remote control should be designed or formatted or the the buttons it should have. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you have it for the portable phone, so why not yeah. What if it had something like um just like a magnet on the back of it and you could I mean j just to have some place to put it besides like a base. You know like a portable phone has a base, like just to have a home for it. 'Cause people just stick it on top of their T_V_, but the point of having a remote is not to have to walk over to the T_V_, so Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we should design couches that have the remote control in the side arm. Yeah. Do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose, or does that not factor in? Like Hand hand held size, yeah. Not not huge, but Huh. Little homing device. Um. Okay. So what do we think this remote control should Five minutes. Till the meeting oh right. This is what we have left. Um, oh we just Yeah. You what if um may be a little fancy but what if it had like a little screen, so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions. Like the way a mobile phone does. So you could like um like if you have I dunno if you have satellite if you have a hundred channels, you can the way you do it on your radio is that you uh what do you call it s y yeah but you can programme, so you can programme like your favourite channels, so like if you had a s That's something we could decide. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I mean, we have to remember our budget is twelve point twelve fifty for to actually make the device. Um but it's something to think about, yeah. I mean we'll have to see how much that would be. Yeah. Oh I was just Yeah. Maybe um just like a simple thing to have a clip on it, like so you can clip it to your like that's another Um. We should probably start wrapping up, um we've got some initial ideas that we can all look into. Um, and come up with some new ones for the next meeting, which will be in another thirty minutes. Um. So. Yeah. The Industrial Designer, what does that stand for, I_D_, yeah um is going to be looking more into the working design. So I guess you'd be looking at lots of the things we discussed about screen and um that sort of thing. The something, what is the U_I_? Yeah, what does it stand for again? User Interface Designer. So that's gonna be more technical. I guess that maybe the working design has also to do with like the physical feat like just the way it looks and the way it w Yeah, yeah. Um, I guess you'd have to find out. Mm. And the M_E_, what does that stand for? M Marketing, right. Um. So we'll be working on the user requirements, um Yeah. So I guess that wraps it up. I'll see you all in thirty minutes. I just did.