No. Ninja Homer, made in Japan. And there isn't uh d it doesn't open up to the advanced functions? So the advanced functions are still hidden from you, but they're hidden in the sense that um they're not in use. Um they're in the L_C_D_ panel and the jog-dial? Okay 'cause The L_C_D_ panel just displays um functionally what you're doing. If you're using an advanced function right, like um c brightness, contrast, whatever, it will just say You know it's like it only has four columns, it's a very simple L_C_D_ like, whereas many the minimum amount we need that the user will automatically know like this is brightness or this is contrast. It might even be one, a bit more complex L_C_D_ panel with pictures like maybe the sun or the, you know, the the symbols of the various functions. That's a number pad. Um they're al along this Yeah. You have this space here, and then you have this thing on the side as well, or at the bottom. 'Cause slogans are usually quite small, right, they're not like huge so they're s Say a button's about say a button's about this size, right, so you would still have plenty of space for a slogan, say even for that. Yep so that would be about a centimetre for a button, so one two three four centimetres. Plus maybe half o five six seven eight, about yeah nine total. Nine, ten. Yep. Excuse me. Sure. Oh we've discussed how h high it is, but how wide is it? No as in the height, but what about the width? Do we need five? I don't think five is be about th three and a half. Yeah, yeah. Okay things like um brightness, contrast, um maybe tuning the channels. Um. What else? Um the various inputs. Are you having a V_C_R_, are you having you know which input do you have? Um. Yep, colour, sharpness. Um a lot of these things will have to be um free and open for users to define them. Audio, we have like your basic y your base, your mid-range, your high range. Um. Yep, left-right balance, um maybe even pre-programmed sound modes, like um the user could determine like a series of sound modes, and then what could happen would be um when you click on that then it would go to that setting. Yeah. The battery. No. Um. We need an Yep. Yeah advanced chip. We need an advanced chip I think, yep. Let me just confirm that. Yes I think so. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Plastic. I think we're gonna have to skip the rubber. Um. Yep. For the case itself, one colour. It's one special colour. 'Cause the case unit itself, the rest of our components go on top of it. Yes. One and the L_C_ display. How many We've got push buttons as well. Okay let's just be safe and put like say four buttons for that one. Okay um and maybe a special colour for the buttons, so maybe four again. 'Cause that's one button by its the complexity of twelve buttons. So we're just estimating that yeah it would be less. No. Yep. Yep. How much would that save us? That will only save you one. The other thing could be that um you could take away the L_C_D_ panel and the advanced chip together, um because when you do something on the T_V_, the T_V_ responds and reacts as well, so the user could be looking at the T_V_ and pushing his thing so we may not need to so when we scroll we need just some way to get the T_V_ to respond, which I think is a technically doable thing so Yep. And the advanced chip goes away as well. Regular chip. Yep. So what that means is that um The twelve buttons that you see there. Functionally you're gonna have to intercept So four is a good estimate for Yeah, so you can't actually cut It's like three times the number of buttons, four, eight, twelve. It It needs to be more than one big button because if you open up your phone, underneath there's actually one button underneath, it's just that the panel itself is a single panel. We just report that it has to be over budget, or the colours, you could take away s colours for th for the buttons. Normal coloured buttons. No that's not the button we're talking about. That's the buttons only refer to the pad so Should we take that off uh? Hey it's back to the original. Um so then these just become normal coloured buttons, so that might be some some way of cutting the cost. Yeah. What do you mean by profile? No. We didn't have enough Play-Doh to make it three D_. So there's one more dimension to the thing which we need to to add, and you might want to add in the report, length, width, and height. Yeah. Yeah. Two. This is about this is about two. Slightly more than two, so Okay. I think that's something that's very hard to catch, so you you restrict the number of people who wanna try something. The the look and the colour is something which is cool, but I think that there's also that factor of if it's too unfamiliar then um because when you put it on the shelf Yeah button shape might be a good idea to change, rather than rather than positioning, 'cause I think positioning is we're kinda engrained into the the telephone kind of pad. Maybe we should do the design evaluation first. I don't think you need the power, so No, that's okay that's okay. No, the power cord itself. Yeah, so then you have a bit more freedom to You you still have your blue fingers. You killed a monster. I rate that pretty highly. Yep I'm fine with that. It's one to seven, right? Wait, what's the scale, one to seven, right? Okay, it's upside-down. Say it's more medium, but going towards a little bit higher than medium kind of thing. Yep. Lemon. Okay, the blue the blue colours and don't re don't actually represent the colour, except for the b the the red button, they because for want of a Yeah, the the yellow is more representative of the colour, but the button itself, the blue can be anything else. Yep, that's fine. Yeah, company logo. I think it'll be cost prohibitive, yeah. Yep. The cameras did. Yep. It keeps getting too big. 'Kay I'm I'm listening I'm just trying to incorporate the logo into the the thing, so I'm playing with the Play-Doh as well. Just in case you're wondering, why is he still playing with the Play-Doh? Just about right L_E_G_O_ Lego. You feel like you're caged within whatever y It's like a balloon in a cage, it can only go so big and not hit the side. The constraints do come in very fast. Yeah. I think another point is that the meetings um are more brainstorming sessions than meetings, so time is also a very s um strong factor, and structure. Because for a brainstorming meeting you want a structure that allows you to allows ideas to get tossed, um to be evaluated, and to be reviewed, and to get feedback and come back. And I guess that point about the room not being r very friendly to that, I think that's a very big thing, and I think the fact that we're wearing these things restricts I feel it 'cause I wear m my glasses, right, and that but that irritates me right it it it does actually you know affect how, w whether you feel comfortable to communicate. I feel like I'm hiding behind the equipment, rather than the equipment is helping me, and you know. Not not so much an atmosphere, the atmosphere is very relaxed, but the the gear yeah you know that creates boundaries to that um and and the time the time given also restricts Excuse me. I think controlling is not the right word, I think the interactions are very structured. I think structure is probably what you're saying that, each individual is structured to one particular task, and one parti rather than controlling. I don't think there's a sense of control 'cause all the decisions have been made in terms of a, like a consensus right, we go around and we think about it, but that you know process actually says you have to do it in a certain way. It doesn't tell you, you know, some ways that you might wanna be a bit more creative in terms of the process you know, not the I think you tried to use the common share folder to to to to communicate, but um it just comes back to us so slow in the email um it it doesn't have a, you know, a messenger will go. Yeah. Okay. I think the tools that they were given, the tool set that were given to us are fancy but they don't support collaboration, I think that's the word. They don't support the team working together, you know, they're still very individual tools. We had Play-Doh fun. No, not really. I think um the the focus of it a lot was the PowerPoint as opposed to the to the whiteboard, and I think that m um is also does you know hinder us and things I think. It will be cooler to have the whiteboard rather than the the PowerPoint, or maybe the whiteboard and the PowerPoint in the same place, you know in the centre of the I think that there were too many PowerPoints in the meetings. 'Cause the plug-in and the plugging spent we spent a lot of time doing that. And a lot of the information on the PowerPoints, I don't think, you know, we needed to actually it could have, we could have gone through it verbally, especially my slides, I felt that they just you know as opposed to having to present them. Yep clunky. Agreed. Having to tick it before you go off was a bit hindering as well, 'cause you're half way through a thought, and then you run out of paper and then you have to jump. But I think the pen is v is very intuitive, everybody knows how to use it, we don't have to worry. So I think the pen's good. It's about the best thing. Yeah we only needed one computer and And the computer may not um be conducive to a meeting because um you tend to look at your computer and wanna have the urge to check something, you know, it's useful but I think too many computers are just distracting. Um Yep. And we have Ninja Homer. Ninja Homer. See it looks like Homer Simpson but it's electronic so it's made in Japan. Yeah it's just a logo. Ninja Homer. The the red is supposed to represent the whatever else you wanna print on the side of it. You can wear Homer, you can throw Homer when you're frustrated, doh. It's clunky. Oh, I did learn something new, Play-Doh is useful. No it is it is. It is useful and in in in in in in in um conceptualizing, in being creative. 'Cause like you say, it's something you can put your hands on and feel and touch and get a sense for. Like we were playing with the Play-Doh and the ideas came with the Play-Doh rather than with everything else. You might wanna write that down. It's just, I'm just fiddling with the Play-Doh, and I'm going yeah yeah it's kinda cool. No, all Play-Doh is edible. It's just wheat, it's the stuff that your mom could make with preservatives and uh It's helpful to the creative process. Um it engages all your senses not just your sight, but your sense of feel your sense of touch. And it helps you to understand dimension as well. I think that that's very helpful because it it starts to pop up, whereas on a piece of paper, on a computer, on a board, um even with a three D_ graphic thing it still, it requires a lot of yeah tangible, that's a nice word. It becomes tangible. Nope. I think we could probably do it here as long as we don't collaborate. Can we turn off the microphones?