Uh uh okay. I'll just Uh I have a presentation I just saved it in the uh the folder. Uh. It's uh Components design.. Alright. So Uh. The case uh le that's what I wrote first of all, could be plastic our plastic. Uh but later on we found out that um it can be rubber as well, or titanium or even wood. So uh we decide what it's gonna be. Probably plastic. Uh we need the infra-red transmitter. Get that off the shelf. Uh joystick we'll probably if we're gonna use it, um could be plastic w or rubber even as well. Um if you go on to the next slide. Uh If you go on to f uh findings, it's like two or three slides down. Right. So, this is what I found we can use. Uh three different types of batteries. Um can either use a hand dynamo, or the kinetic type ones, you know that they use in watches, or else uh a solar powered one. Um. Yeah. Uh. Yeah, I don't think it would. Um. And solar cells, I dunno about that. Uh. We should probably just use conventional batteries. Um, just like in usual remote controls. Um. Yeah. Um. And these are three different types of or two different types three different types of shapes you can have. Uh one is a flat one, and then more original ones are single curved one or one with a double curved. Um the materials are tha there as you can see, but uh you can't have a titanium one for a double curved, uh which would be Yeah, and light. Uh, i think so as well, yeah. They make mountain bikes out of that, don't they. So it's really light as well. Um. T yeah. Uh. Well for a curved, well I was thinking to f for to sit in your the palm of your hand. Uh maybe like this, with the uh joy pad here. Joystick here. And maybe um an okay button around here, so that the thumb can uh use it quite easily. Um I don't exactly Double curved. It probably means this is probably double curved. Uh whereas a single curved would be like that. I guess. Or not necessarily. Yeah like that. Whereas this is two curves. Um so I guess that's what they mean by uh double curve. Um which obviously it looks better than the single curve, but uh you can't have it in titanium, which is uh a nice material. Uh and for the buttons, um it can have the scroll wheel which they use in mouses for com P_C_s. Uh but um it requires a more expensive chip to use, and if you wanna use L_C_D_ it's even more expensive. So you have to decide, there's trade-offs there. Um if you want the buttons to be oh yeah, if you have a double curve uh control and it's rubber, then you have these rubber buttons as well. But you're gonna ha I reckon you're gonna have to have uh key a number keypad anyway for the amount of channels these days. You wouldn't want to just have to scroll through all the channels to get to the one you want. You wanna enter just the number of it, if you know it. So um I reckon we're gonna have to have a number keypad anyway. Do you think? Yeah. So, depends where gonna spend the money if you want the f fancy L_C_D_ display. Yep. Yeah i Um Uh the previous slides just explain what's in the internal components of the uh remote control. If you go to the one before that uh so it just says what it does, translate the key press into an infra-red signal and this is received by the T_V_. Uh the chip just needs to detect the signal or detect the key press and then uh it'll send it to the tr the amplifier. And uh then the next slide just shows how the uh copper wires uh interact with the buttons, the rubber buttons, uh to uh get sent to the chip. So that's just how the control works inside. Um we have to decide on what buttons we're gonna use.. Um I think we can do it if uh we use conventional batteries and not have solar cells or kinetic. Um and then maybe use single curved uh case. Because we might need it to be curved for the uh thumb to use the joyst joystick easily. Um and then you'll need the advanced chip obviously for the L_C_D_. Yep I'm finished. Ah, okay. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that. The uh rubber material is the type of stress ball material, not just normal rubber. Forgot to say that. Yeah. If you're going with the fruit and veg thing, looks like a banana. F if you wanna design it that way. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. monkey. The U_S_B_ for which? Oh right, okay. But didn't they just say it's just for T_V_, or are we gonna Okay, yeah. they're going with the fashion thing, like the design, spongy rubber. Yeah.