Mm-hmm. Okay. Cool. Mm um. No, I don't think so. The last one is the most important one, is it? Oh, sorry. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Sorry. I was just reading fruit and vegetables. Hard to know how we are going to incorporate that. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Th that's very good. Glow-in-the-dark. Okay. Well, that's good. That's what we kind of predicted anyway. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, the spongy, not real spongy, you can Do you think like rubber would be good or does it really want to be like gel kind of stuff? Okay. Quite disposable. Okay. Oh okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Cool. Mm. A remote control? Yeah. And were there any factors that weren't important in the survey, that they said we don't want? Or was it just Okay. Cool. F_, what is it? Um. yeah. Okay. No signal. Is that? Okay, and then F_ five, right? Okay. Um okay, so the interface concept um. Yeah. The interface specification, what people um how they interact with it basically, I think. Um so the method, we looked at existing designs, what are the what's good about them, what's bad about them, um I looked at their flaws, so we're going to look at their flaws, everything. Um and what the survey told us and what we think would be good, so a bit of imagination. Uh the findings, I've got some pictures to show you as well. Yeah. Okay, so most remote controls use graphical interface, where you um have got s buttons and you point it rather than having the output as a a stream of text or something. Um and we also found that there's inconsistent layout, which makes it confusing. So I think for our remote control There is some inconsistency already in ec existing in between remote controls, but I think standard kind of um shape and uh play and those kind of but buttons like the the top right for on and off or something, I think, people find that important,'cause then it's easy to use. And we've got some pictures of some uh new remote controls to show you. Do I press Escape F_ five? Or just Escape, okay. Um, oh I still haven't got my glasses on. Yeah, okay. So these are the some of the pictures of existing ones. I'll just walk you through them. This one is a voice recognition. And that's the kind of idea we're going for. There's um an L_C_D_ thing, which we thought could I thought could get a bit confusing and a bit expensive as well for us. This one is got a kind of scroll like a mouse, which Yeah. Um and But I'm not exactly sure how you'd use that, like would the computer come Uh-huh, that's like the L_C_D_ one, is it? But the one below that has got like a little scroll function on the side. But I presume that the functions must come up on the T_V_ screen. I think that's what that is. So these are just a few ideas. Again that's just quite boring shape, grey, looks quite space-agey, but too many buttons, I think on that one. Yeah, it does look kind of dangerous. Um this one I thought was really cool. It's w it's got the programmability function that we talked about. You can put it in there, it's for your kids, and it's quite an organic shape and the little circle around there is pretty cool. And that's really easy to use, bright, so I like this one lot for our design. I think something like that would be good. Of course yellow. Right, yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Um so maybe that could be built into one of the things and it comes up on the T_V_ or something. And this one, the over-sized one, I don't know about you, but I think it's a bit too gimmicky. I don't think that will sell very well. I guess so. I don't know. I think that's a bit Yeah exactly. Yeah. And um this one is just pointing out. I like some of these things um the the raised symbols and everything, but pointing out um that this one the volume it is kind of pressing down, but it would actually go up, because of the shape. So that could that's a bit confusing. Um but the buttons on this I think are it's just showing you how you can have different different um buttons. They don't have to be all the same. So that's quite cool. Um. Yeah, exactly. Um F_ five. Yes. So there are some of the findings. So we need to combine those ones um and I've just got an e-mail from our technical department saying that they have broken through with some new speech recognition software that you can program in. Um yeah it is, just in time, very handy. Um so I think maybe incorporating that in our design would be good. It's you program it like you say, record, um and then, play, and then, record, play machine, and stuff like that, so that's And it's much Yeah. So that's quite cool. Uh personal preferences just some imagination, the raised symbols I thought were good, the L_C_D_, it does look smart, but I think maybe for our budget, do you think that would be a bit too expensive to have the Yeah. And the speech recognition, 'cause I think we're definitely going for the speech recognition, are we? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But our budget, we've Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm not sure if the if for twenty five Euros uh per uh twelve Euros fifty m manufacturing cost,. The L_C_D_. Yeah. No. Yeah. S Uh-huh. Yeah, that's the thing, because Yeah. That's true, yeah. And one of the survey findings was that they want it easy to use, so I think I'm not sure about the L_C_D_. It's a it's great, it's a good idea, but for our budget and for the thing we're trying to go for eas easy to use, it's not the thing we should go for, I think. Child-friendly, I thought this was good, as you pointed out the um the bit, it often goes missing especially with children, but it's a good shape and the organic is kind of we could make a vegetabley kind of round shape, I think. Yeah, I know, carrot. Yeah. But we don't want it to be Yeah. Um the child-friendly, yeah. Easy to use, it seems quite easy to use. I like the d the different shapes of the buttons and stuff. I think that's a good idea to go for. Yeah. And the mouse one, I thought it was a good idea, because people use mo mice mouses now with the scrolling thing. Um. Yeah. S yeah. So they'd be able to use that um, as I said I think i I'd presume it would come up on the screen. Um so there you go. Yeah. So that's um the user interface design. So okay, I'll take this out now then. There you go. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. I'm not sure about the sponge. Yeah. Yeah. I like the rubber, the stress balls, I think, you know, that could be a bit of a gimmick like it's good to hold and Yeah. And that might be quite durable and easy to chuck around. Yeah, y yellow incorporated, yeah. I think Mm. Yeah, the buttons w like, 'cause there's gonna be the the cover the the rubber or the plastic casing and then the buttons in probably two different colours or i if we're having buttons actually, I don Yeah. You do have ones like um play could be green or on and off is red, and stuff like that, yeah. Makes it easy to use. Yeah, that's true, because that blue one did look quite hardish. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Like uh an hour glass kind of figure, is that what you're thinking of, or just like a It's not Yeah. We could make novelty remote controls. Yeah. But then how would you point it? How would you point it? What Yeah. y I'm I'm not sure about the banana idea. Rubber banana. Okay. Yeah. I think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetable shape. And what else did you say about fashions? What was trendy? And spongy, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe, yeah. Like what's what's that, I don't even know the name of it, some kind of, you know where it's like looks like a little snowman kind of thing. I don't know the name of that. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Yeah, maybe that's what they are. 'Cause that you can hold it in like the bottom bit and Yeah. I don't know. What do you guy What do you think? No. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. And buttons would, did we say? Uh different shapes of buttons? Mm. Yeah. Yeah, what about the scroll wheel and speech recognition? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm not sure. Um I mean those ideas I saw were just for inspiration, I think. Um yeah, I can no I'm not sure. I couldn Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. So let's not use the whiteboard any more. And uh so what else was there? Um the What about the glow-in-the-dark thing, the strip around it? Are we just gonna leave that? You still like it. 'Cause we've got the uh technological innovation with the speech recognition system. 'Cause um it could Yeah. Especially with yellow. Mm. I dunno. Then you put it in the fruit bowl? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, do we need buttons? Mm. I quite like the shape. I quite like the design of that, uh 'cause that could sit on its own and it's quite got a quite steady base. Um and as we say we n we don't wanna be too ridiculous with the fruit things you know. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, 'cause you said about disposable, didn't you? You said about disposable earli people want disposable things so we could do that, like have a choice. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. We still need the buttons in the same places thought, don't we? Oh, that's the other side. Oh, okay. Oh, half a fruit. Oh, okay, okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Mm mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well, um because Well, I I'm not sure if we should go so far in the whole fruit thing, because I think we should maybe just take the inspiration from the fruit and uh because what Yeah, w I think wh wha would we're trying to get to twenty five, thirty five year olds who want it quite trendy as well they said. They wanted something that looks fancy and I think maybe fruit could be a bit of a too much of a gimmick, but something ergonomically shaped and organic, like good to hold, based on fruits and natural things like that, because al already we're going a bit gaudy with the yellow, you know. I mean we could make it nice pale yellow. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Maybe we could have that pale yellow and then an outside bit bright yellow with, you said, the logan the slogan. Because Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Oh, a d a dynamo? Yeah. Yeah, like with those watches that you kind of twist. Yeah that's quite cool. Yeah, it is, yeah. Yeah, then they have to pick it up and then activate it and then Yeah. That's true. But w like just normal light? And we're a very environmentally friendly company, aren't we as well? Yeah. Yeah. Like like a hand like one of those portable phones kind of thing. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Just in time. Yeah, mine seems to have turned off. I can't do anything. No. It's on, but there's nothing on the screen. Cool. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. I think, I've saved mine already. Cool. Fun. Yeah. Star fruit. No. Oh yeah, we can do buttons. No I'm good. Okay. Mm.