Okay, welcome to the second meeting of this uh design group. Um I'll briefly go through the uh notes of the of the last meeting uh just done in in note form and I haven't attributed anything to individuals, because we're working strictly as a team here and uh n nobody's working equally, so uh. Um we we s we saw that the the problems with existing remote controls were the uh b a boring shape and boring colour. Um and and we s we saw that the um what we needed to do was to to make sure the device um controls several items, that switching was easy, that you shouldn't need to point the thing at uh anything in particular, um that it need to be contoured to make it interesting, that the keys might be concave, simply because that hasn't been done before that we know of. Um should have interchangeable fascias so people can personalise it, um illuminated so that people can see it in dark rooms. Um and that people might want it as as in addition to their existing remote controls. Um and that it sh it should just always work, whenever you uh um mm uh use it. And that it shouldn't be too small, mm that it it gets lost. Um. Now uh uh I'll shortly ask for for three three presentations. Uh before I do that, however, I will go through some new project requirements that um the the management have placed on us and uh will be challenging in terms of what we discussed at the first meeting. Um the uh the ma the management has had it's own thoughts on this and uh the they don't necessarily agree with with what we uh we thought. Um and and then we'll as a result of that we will then talk through the the functions that we see the the device um actually b carrying out, and we have uh forty minutes to do this in and I uh Anyway. Okay. Now, the n the new requirements are um the the management team see that um teletext is no longer of any importance given the uh the rise of the internet. Um and and they want it only to cover televisions. Um now, what is not q quite clear from their directive is whether they mean th they don't want it to cover teletext or whether they don't want it to cover, you know, videos, D_V_D_s, um satellite boxes, which uh I mean we saw as being fundamental to the uh to the exercise. The um the actual wording of the directive is that it should cover television only. Um and on that basis um I I think we we need to bear that in mind, um but possibly uh keep at the backs of our minds that the reality that people even when they uh no longer they don't look at teletext anymore, they certainly do look at other things. Um the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours. Um the the logo uh being at b the bottom of the screen there, the the the two R_s in grey against uh a yellow background. Um now this doesn't necessarily mean that we have to give up some of our ideas about making it attractive to the t to the market. But uh do do introduce some some constraints as to how we might do that. Um it also has to be simple, which to some extent goes along w with the first one, and that we've already said that it must be simple 'cause that's what people want anyway. Um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly, which um mm uh is is is their choice, but uh um we we need to talk that through. Um okay, so uh after the meeting it'll be summarised and uh um notes sent out and uh etcetera. Okay, so we'll first of all mm have individual reports from everybody. Um again I there is no order of precedence here um so I I I'll leave it up to you to who who who thinks they would like to go go first? P fine. Oh sorry, you can indeed. Oh, if you click on the um uh the one that that looks like a projection screen, no the one to the right of that. That one. Mm. Mm. Gosh, must be some telly addicts out there if they get R_S_I_ from their television remote, is all I can say. Mm. Right. Mm. Yeah, I must say that um the uh I c can't remember what um f you know phone service I was using the other day, but that had sorta speech recognition which worked uh remarkably well, so that is indeed a uh um a thought and it it cuts out uh I was was gonna say, you can't get a lot of R_S_I_, j just get jaw ache. Okay, sorry. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I mean Yeah. Mm. Hmm, hmm. Uh. Should we actually bite the bullet here? If people really don't use those buttons to any extent at all um remove them altogether. We we could actually have we could actually have a remote control with um I wonder whether we could get the remote control with no buttons at all if we went for voice recognition, given that um the Um now the the age structure we were looking at um I mean w we had usage by age structure, what we didn't have was what proportion of people using remotes were in those particular age groups. Now do we know whether they Forty no sorry for forty five to fifty five age group, uh to put myself right in the middle of it, um u use remote controls to a great extent. Yes we That would 've speech recogn right. So, we're looking at um well again, we don't know the relative proportion the relative numbers in the age groups. If we wanted something different, truly different, then the buttonless remote control w would be it. But if you just lift it up and say, channel one or B_B_C_ It c well it I can I can see technical problems with that in terms of the, you know, the sound from the television, because if somebody actually on the television says uh uh, you know, I_T_V_ and you're watching B_B_C_ then then it might um change itself, so it probably needs to be um possibly actually need a button on it just to activate it. Or or something just to identify that you've lifted it up and it's use. And and then just say, oh I don't know, a thought and and then uh I mean that that would certainly be uh truly different. Um 'cause uh you know audio settings, nought point eight percent. I mean if they weren't there, would people miss them? Vol volume, yes um th w we need to s identify things that people actually need and and it's a function of frequency and relevance. And um I would say ignoring ig ignoring power for the moment, um the channel and volume and th w w given given that we've been told to ignore teletext. Uh channel and volume are the only ones that uh would appear to be essential. Um. So we if we can design something that that looks interesting, know, or looks different, um incorporates the the logo and and the colours and um we can still have our interchangeable fascias even if it's the yellow and grey, um and uh I dunno, buttons or or buttons as an option. Do, please. Mm-hmm. You cer certainly could. Depe uh i depends whether um if we want to make this so simple that anybody can walk into the room and lift it up and say B_B_C_ one. Um okay, I mean you could print actually print it on the uh device itself. Um. S th this I th that's always gonna be a problem I think. Um and I I I s so I suppose one um could make it so desirable that if people lose it they immediately go out and buy another one. Anyway, sorry, carry on. Do you want to just carry on with or no no, no uh b I was in the middle of in the middle of your report there. Mm okay. Mm-hmm. S s we could we could make it dual function voice recognition and still have buttons on it um 'cause we're Certainly could. Yeah, yeah. The I mean the the advantage of doing away the buttons altogether is it makes the thing cheaper. No, it cou certainly opens up the possibility for making it uh, you know, visually very distinctive. Um 'cause you know, it does not have to be a oblong box. Mm, yeah. Okay, who sorry, have you have you finished there Andy? Yep, yep. Um given that we've already had a extensive discussion uh. Ah, there we go. Alright. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm, yeah. Okay, can I um I'm actually gonna use the um it's gonna cause great technical problems over here. I'm actually gonna use the Yes, rather than the uh the the traditional in fact, um I won't even go that far. Um something like this shape, you know, sort of something that you can that's sort of a more vertical shape, um that you you sort of hold in your hand, um, well I'm trying to think uh uh uh l uh l such as I mean um something you hold up like that, possibly with a couple of buttons like that, but with the the entire top with the, you know, the uh the infrared or whatever source. Uh so that you know, it's flying off in all directions, so that uh um uh again the n need to look at the the the technicalities of um actually achieving that in terms of whether the, you know, the power requirements of the uh such a source, um you know, compromise the our our need for uh you know, it it being um mm permanently uh you know, available. Uh whether whether different technology um I mean th all all these remotes are presumably infrared, and like they have been for a long time. Uh we we possibly need to be looking at at at something different, um you know, short range, not like the old uh radio remote controls where you'd change next door's telly when you change yours. Um but uh uh I think basically i if we're going for i if minimum number of buttons is our priority, then we should, as I say, r know, really bite the bullets and and reduce the buttons to absolute minimum, you know, possibly with backup channel and volume buttons and on off. Um and nothing else. Um so that it can al it could uh almost end up like that, but again, except that um you know the risk of losing it. Um anyway okay um so Kate, wh what are your uh your thoughts on this? Okay. Uh it seems seems to me there are a number of fundamental decisions to make before we um I think your point about the the big energy source is uh a very valid one. Um I don't suppose we've got any statistics on the the life expectancy of uh remote controls, particularly sort of independent ones. Um given you know, the number of things you buy these days, which you know, have a a a lithium whatever battery in, that's uh, you know never needs replacing. Um perhaps we should have the the disposable remote control, uh um you know, one some sort of typical usage. You know, the the the battery will last know, five, ten years. By which time I mean when all's said and done, the digital television will be taking over in that time scale. Um uh uh p perhaps we should, know, reduce the uh, you know, the sort of moving parts even more by not even having a battery compartment and uh Yeah, and if if anybody manages to run it down, we'll we'll give 'em a new one. Um it's, you know, it's what it saves in cost and you know there there's a well, it's actually a marketing gimmick. I mean it's hardly a gimmick, it's uh it's totally practical. Uh so I th think you know the idea of a rechargeable one is um uh unless you're really high tech and it sort of just recharges itself if it's n by, you know, magnetic waves or whatever, if if it Yeah. Are are people really gonna use it though? Um. I I th I think Yeah, it's um I mean I know that somei times my my wife goes out in the morning and says oh I should have put the phone on to charge and then then she's had those for so long that if she hasn't worked that out by now. Um. When it yeah, wh when it's died is a problem. Yeah, yeah, yeah, so uh um what so wh what what do we think about the um the the permanent mm battery? Is the uh you know, we we we are really going for the ultimate in ex uh external simplicity here. Um you know, cut cost within the manufacturing and uh you know, if we have a high tech interior, then then that that sh may well be cost effective. I mean th th certainly. Um I can't think of anything off the s top of my head, but there are certainly things that you buy. I mean calculators for example. Som well some do, I mean th th but there are battery ones that um are you know, sort of permanently sealed. In in fact I'd Yeah, uh uh Yeah, I I mean th th this needs going t into the technology a bit. I mean the the actual time that a remote control is actually operating I would think is i is is probably, you know, no more than minutes in its entire life. Um. If, but I say if if people are getting R_S_I_ from it then uh then uh then then perhaps we're looking at the wrong market n Right. Oh, I must admit I hadn't um I'd I'd missed that. That does sound excessive. Yeah. Well that's right, and and I I don't I don't even know whether the I don't even know whether the s the signal lasts as long as you actually keep the button pressed, or whether it's just a sorta tenth of a second, no matter how long you press it for, I don't know I don't actually know. Um. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Right, so I've got a message to say five minutes, I dunno how long ago that appeared. Um 'cause we're we're getting um right, so I'd I need to sum up very quickly here um. We're looking at extreme simplicity. We're looking at a radically different shape. Possibly no buttons at all um, but if you can incorporate um channel change and volume buttons um in into the design, then then that's fine. Um in the I mean the the role of the of the um the user interface des designer becomes b you know more important here, because, you know, shape is no longer an a uh um a serious constraint. But we clearly only need th the main buttons, although, uh if clearly only need the main functions. Um I don't see why we shouldn't go for voice recognition um and the the only buttons that I think we need are channel control, volume control and on off. Um it needs to incorporate the corporate logo, uh the the grey and yellow colour scheme and there's no reason why we can't introduce um interchangeable uh covers. Um uh d so does that accurately summarise what we've discussed? Right. So uh Yeah. We are doing just the television. No. I think that's quite clear from the the information that we've been given, no? Right. Oh yeah well th that's one I s that's one I sent you, which which was my interpretation of uh of the uh what came down from from head office. Um That's that that that that's their uh their view. Okay, so uh we can all give some thought to that uh for for the next meeting, thank you very much indeed.