Right, well we made three different prototypes and I guess we'll start with with this one. Um we have our colours not are not fixed, but this is the general shape. Um it's you hold it sort of either like like this in your left hand or you switch it over and uh it's easily adaptable to either hand. You can push the buttons with your thumb like a mobile phone, or you can push them with your index finger of your other hand, or even I mean there's a whole variety, you can hold it like this and press it with your same index finger. Uh we have the on off button at the tip, very visible, very big. We have our up and down buttons, which are also gonna be our channel selectors, and we have our little menu button here. If you push if you're just pushing these normally, they're the menu buttons, if uh the volume buttons rather. If you press select once, they become channel changing buttons. If we press select three times, the menu with the other features and pro possibly also with your T_V_ channel choices shows up, and you have your five presets down here. Um if people wanna grab hold of that, see how it feels in your hand. That's our number one prototype. Um do you wanna present the potato, or shall I present the Martian? That's the rhombus, yep. If you pressed and held it maybe. Yeah. On off, that's a possibility, yeah. And then finally we have um the Martian or the pear, either way. Um it's a bit different, just a little bit more of a creative feel. Uh you have the on off toggle stem on the top. We have the five preset seeds. And then you have on the sides to make it a little bit more three-dimensional, you have your channel changing, volume changing buttons and your menu button right here in the middle. So, that's for your consideration as well, plus it's an interesting talking point to have standing up. We figured it could stand up like this on your table, if you wanted it to, if I made the bot the bottom flat. Uh the menu select button. We were we were thinking that normally we'd go for fruity colours, but maybe we're also thinking that your sort of middle aged man, for an example customer, might not want a fruity coloured remote, so m maybe we'd have one version that's a bit toned down, maybe with with less contrasts on it. Yeah, something still a little bright to make it hard to lose, but yeah. Right. Well we were we were talking about that a little bit when we got that email and we think that each of these are so distinctive, that it it's not just like another piece of technology around your house. It's gonna be somewhere that it can be seen. So we're we're not thinking that it's gonna be as critical to have the loss I think Yeah. There might be something that you can do in the circuit board and the chip to make it make a noise or something, but it would take a lot more development than we have this afternoon. So d do people have a preference as far as feel and functionality? Um. Mm yeah, that's good, that's good. Here, stick it on. So where Right. Okay. Ooh. Hey. No, I kinda like it. That's hard to miss. Like Yeah. Interesting. Okay, is that where people are leaning then, the potato? I like the idea of the I mean that's really gotten the simplicity of the buttons down, that one. Hmm. Well that on the iPod, for example, you just every time you wanna go back you hit the menu button again and it brings you back one level. Good point. Maybe yeah, maybe it can be one of those, if you press down and hold for two seconds, then it brings you back one level or something. The potato? Are we leaning towards the potato? Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Um I dunno if it's it's creative. I dunno if fancy is the word I would use. I dunno if any of them are fancy in I'd say two, because c unique. Yeah, one. In the battery, that's it. How many people would notice that, though? Yeah. I I would say that it's Yeah, like fancy versus creative it's it's different. But does that equal innovative? I dunno. I'll give it a three. Okay. Um I'll give it a one. Pretty hard to mess up. Yeah. Ooh, that you couldn't it'd be harder to break, harder to lose. Mm. It it might be, 'cause that's our corporate colour, isn't it? We might wanna keep it yellow. Yeah. If we had a yellow Sure. So it was inspired by the potato, so I think it's pretty fruity. Oh, mango that that That's a much more trendy than a potato one. Yeah, me too. Yeah. Yeah. I'll I'll say two as well. Because older people that aren't used to like texting with the thumb might find it a bit at first, but The menu system and the the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing, but I think if it's one it's one of those things that it might take you five minutes to figure out, but you'll have it afterwards. So I'd I think I'd give it a two I guess. Oh, good point. Um I'd say I'd give it uh a three, I guess it depends on how tidy you are normally. Simple to use or simple in design? Do you know? Right. I'm give it a three I guess. I dunno. I don't think it's quite as fashionable as my robot remote or alien or whatever he was. Um two. Yeah. Yeah, I'll say two. Shall we uh Well I think all of them should have an R_R_. Oh my. Uh we're n using kinetic, yeah. Yeah. Single. Simple, simple rather. Uh uh uh double-curved. Yeah I never did get a picture of those so I don't really know. Our case material supplements oops, we just skipped by them. No, we we the plastic is the plastic for the inside is assumed. The supplement is Oh, I guess it was rubber rather than latex. Yeah. Uh well I don't know what the se the basic colour is though. Well, are we talking about on each colour combination or are we, you know, we'll like we'll have yellow and black. Is that two special colours? Or or is white and black, then two more or Uh. I guess it's three, three three. Alright. Yeah. Six, with the power. Yeah. No. Oh, we'll do we wa Are the buttons in special colour, special f I didn't get information on Well, does it but if we're making multiple varieties of this is where I'm getting confused. per unit, okay, okay. Alright, and each button s Yeah, okay. No, I think they're fine. Material, we want them rubber as well probably, yeah. No, I don't think so. I think they're if they're all gonna be rubber then it that's what it matters. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh oh. Okay, let's have our buttons all be one colour. Alright. Uh. We have no idea. I dunno, I didn't get any pictures. It's single curved. Why not? Yeah. That is important. How did it get more expensive, what did you just change? It was it was thirteen and now it's fifteen. Twelve point five. Hey hey. We're all set then. Ish. Alright. Yes. Well. I felt very creative. I enjoyed making the prototypes. Yeah. I think we could've done even better with a little bit more information, like what's a single-curved case, how many colours, what do colours count things, but given given what we had I think that we did we did really well. Um I think we worked together pretty well. Yeah. But the fruits and vegetables, they really my creativity, so. Do you think we could Yeah. Yeah. Can we market this as the mango remote? Should we have that somewhere on the packaging? I have a little R_R_. Yes. Hopefully not with just my fingernail at some point but um it's quite a useful little gadget. All thanks to Iain for the design of that one. Mm. What did we find for new ideas? People should really base their remotes on fruits and vegetables. I I am really into the idea of kinetic batteries now after reading about them. That was I I knew you can get watches that had them, like really quite expensive watches that just never need a battery, 'cause you're always moving your wrist. But in other things, I think it'd be really good. Yes. Yeah. It started because I wanted to have it as st as a stem and then alright, so Is it started as a pear, but then it started looking more and more like a Martian when I put the Take me to your leader. Wow, maybe I should market it to some remote control company now. So are are poor little thing. Oh. It's really funny that you got spam in your work emails. Let's see, what did I get through the corporate website? It's just inspiration about circuit boards. Yeah, that is pretty neat. Yeah, my inspiration from from last time is the in interior of a remote control being taken apart bit by bit, talking about circuit boards. I learned a lot actually. I could probably take apart a remote control now if I really needed to. Now I have all about circuits and chips and transponders and I wrote it all down, because I thought it would be relevant, like all the different parts of the inside of a remote control, but then they're like, you don't actually need this you just need to talk about the case. It's really interesting though. Yeah. That was really neat how I got emails and No. I yeah. If I'd gotten pictures of the different parts of the case, the different looks of the case, I would have probably drawn them up, but Yeah, we could've put our brainstorming stuff up there rather than just talking about it, but with only four people it doesn't really make sense. I think if you had a larger group Yeah. Because we're all gonna be working in different places. We if we were all gonna stay in here all the time, then having the notes up on the whiteboard would've been alright, but everyone needs their own, like specific notes, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a bit of both really, we just kind of started out by each taking a colour of clay and just fooling around with it and I came up with that rhombus shape and he came up with the sort of potatoey, mangoey shape, and then just went from there really. It was fun. So well done with the management, I felt well managed. That happened to me all the time though. Yeah, I was quite worried at the end of the last meeting that we weren't getting we didn't really have enough information to make firm decisions, but we were able to do it regardless, so. I'm not usually a very decisive person, so it helped to have people say this needs to be done in five minutes. Especially last time, yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Right. And I I felt the first two meetings, that I was coming in with no information, and not sort of made me really like, ooh I don't know, throwing together PowerPoint out of no no information and then last time it was like the opposite. I had so much information and so much to talk about. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. that was something like in order to talk about that we would've had to have actual knowledge about circuit boards and things like Yeah. I think we were Yeah. I think we were just getting overenthusiastic with the task. I think we really got into it, I mean I got into it as the day went on and I got really like, ooh I'm designing a remote control, I dunno if that's just me, but Yeah. Yeah. I think there are some of those like infomercial remotes that have things so you won't lose them. I dunno. I mean we were talking about it and like i in my household at least, there's only about two places that the remote is ever 'cause there's only one T_V_ and there's only like three chairs. Yeah. Yeah, or like I guess what the setup of the house is too. But, I mean I am notorious for losing my keys, I just I guess I've just never lost the remote. I put my keys in the refrigerator the other night and couldn't find them. 'Cause I was putting groceries away. You you're taking stuff from a bag and putting them in the refrigerator and then go back to my room. Can't get in, look all around the kitchen. Definitely in the vegetable drawer. So. Mm. But I guess it's 'cause we don't carry remotes around that much. Yeah. Maybe with our little robot one we could've had him have a robot, alien, pear, whatever he is, have a little voice like, I am located Oh a G_P_S_ system, internal G_P_S_. Although if it's sitting still for too long. Yes I Or little Or just just a wheel, you know. Just if you like you'd have a remote for your remote, that'll. zoom Yeah. Hmm. All kinds of possibilities. Yeah. Oh. Wow. 'Cause you've had like the most typing and organising to do. Yeah, I guess How much of your PowerPoint was already done for you, every meeting. Oh. Okay. Yeah, I didn't even think about adding slides, 'cause I would just get slides with titles on them and fill them all in w didn't even think about adding more. Ah yeah.. Right. No, no, definitely not. We No, I don't think we need to I think the R_ and R_, especially if the yellow and black one. Or yellow and blue. Lemme go to the web page. Finish meeting now. Yeah. I guess it i it sort of a grey, isn't it? Yellow and grey, but then the slogan's in blue. Yeah. Well we don't have the right colour clay anyway. Well we're not, sadly, going to actually be producing this, so. Potato mango shaped remotes. I can't believe a whole day is gone. I don't feel like it's been that long. Get sucked in. Mm I haven't gotten questionnaire eight yet.