Uh. Cost is Yeah. Yeah. yeah. Titanium, the really strong metal, titanium? Is it not also it's expensive? Two curves. Need an advanced chip for the L_C_D_. Is that did I Advanced, like three eight six advance. Okay. Okay, sure. Mm, if we only have twelve Pounds fifty, twelve Euros, not even twelve Pounds. Twelve Euros, what's that, like eight pounds or something like that, nine Pounds? Okay, that's good point. I also have a preference for rubber. Based on my research. digital. Is this the joystick? Okay. Mm. Mm. 'Kay. We go. Okay. So uh to gather my research, two basic methods. We compared uh whether people want the remote control to do a lot of stuff or they want it to look cool. And then we we research uh fashion trends in Europe, what's what's the new black, you know, as it goes. Next slide please. Uh we found, in order of importance, people want the remote control to look cool more than they want it to to be cool. As in they want it to do a lot of good s they want it to look like it does a lot, and if it does do a lot that's a bonus, but they don't care so much, you know. They want it to be that's sounds a bit like a contradiction. Technology technical technologically innovative. People want it to be that, but s still they care more about the way it looks than what it does. So like the interface is really important. And easy to use, it it just so happens that uh from the second point to the third point is twice as important I mean the second point is twice as important as the third point. People want it I is it has to be cooler than easy to use, you know, if it has the newest features, even if it's difficult to use, prefer it to have the newest features. And if it's easy to use that's a bonus. The fashion, now this is seems a bit odd to me, but fruit and veg is the new is the new black for furniture, for clothes, for shoes. How that relates to a remote control I don't know. But I I see I come on to that in the next in the next slide. Spongy. I've als I've been saying everything's the new black. Well spongy's the new black as well. So we have the choice between rubber and plastic. If it's the type of rubber that you can squeeze, you know, it's spongy, then can I skip the rest? Okay. Okay, so kinda spongy material. So um so my personal opinion? Um we want something fancy and techni technologically innovative, obviously. But what we what we need is something that looks like it's from the future that looks cool, that's that's different, you know, that's everyone has a white remote control, black remote control, you need something cool. Like, titanium is cool but it's expensive. And maybe it's a bit of overkill for a remote control. Um now the fruit and veg options, either we we go in that direction or we stay totally away from it. Um I mean the research did come up with fruit and veg, so maybe it is important for it's the up to the interface guy. So if we stay away from it, s you know stay away from it, but if we're gonna go along with it then it doesn't necessarily have to be like an apple or something like that, or a kiwi fruit. It could be something like, I say potato peeler but I'm sure you guys have a have a much cooler idea than I do. So I think cool is the key. Few questions about a spongy remote control. I've never seen one before. I've seen plastic remote controls. I think maybe they were I don't know, back in the day when they first came up with remote controls, they had a reason for it being sturdy, you know. For being strong and sturdy. So um if we want something strong and sturdy, I say stay with plastic or titanium, but if we go with spongy, we can stress that you can drop this as many times as you want, it doesn't matter, it's spongy material, it's not gonna break, you know. I just don't know how the L_E_D_ and the lights are gonna fit into a spongy material because it's not gonna be completely squeezable. So how do things fit it? And if we are gonna use spongy, we can say it's long lasting, you know it's damage resistant and stuff like that, so. So just to summarise, people want stuff that's cool, that's that looks like it's cool, and if it is cool then that's a bonus doesn't have to be um people like fruit and veg. We can either go down that alley or stay totally away from it. People like spongy material. If we're gonna use spongy material we have to think of how practical it is, and how we can further promote that idea. And also, this was this year. So, things change all the time, every year you know they they always talk about this year, this is the new black. Well next year something else is gonna be the new black and we're stuck with last year's fruit and veg type stuff. 'Kay. That's me. That's a good point. You can incorporate names into the menu. Okay. Even news, music. Like they do on uh sky digital kinda. Yeah.. Okay. Course not. Sure, yeah. Sure. The noise for when you lose the banana, um f yeah, for when you lose the remote control, it could be like a a monkey noise or something like that, rather than a standard beep beep. Y you know, you lose the monkey the banana, y you lose the banana, you press a button, and you hear like monkey screams or something like that to direct you towards the banana. S oh, I was gonna talk about the programmable remote control. Now I think it'd be cool if you had one remote control that could work with all T_V_s, you know you s you click a button and it finds the frequency that works with your particular television. But why you'd need to program it like as as a standard feature, I I don't know. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's because televisions, they don't give the remote control any type of feedback when you send it. Okay. Is it is it actually a book of names to digits, or is it like a few pages? I was just thinking, if we were to store this information, some type of mapping. This person probably need to use this feature like once, you know, when you first buy the remote control, or whenever they buy a new television, so once every s Yeah, and it's Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah, you see I don't some of these things kinda logically follow the others. How can t product evaluation, doesn't that come after actually seen a product prototype. Oh, that's the okay, sure sure sure. Mm-hmm. Okay, sure. At this stage we still have no no target audience or 'Kay. And it's stylish. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yep. Okay. Programmable memory as well. For the remote control. We've w definitely talking some type of Different. But you're gonna need some type of flash memory or something. Well something that doesn't you wouldn't have to redo the whole thing once the batteries are changed, you know, once you turn off the power. Yeah. Different languages, uh different skins and stuff like that. Sure. I if it was customisable as in different languages and stuff, that does open it is supposed to be international, right? So. It would make sense if you could Okay. Yeah. The fruit and veg. This one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. I mean we are trying to promote a remote control, but we wanna keep the company brand as well, so. I think so too. Sa