Mm-hmm. so sh. I'm a bit confused about uh what's the difference between the functional design and conceptual design? Uh i is it just uh more detail, uh as I understand it? Right. How how it will be done. So whe where do we identify the components of our uh product? Uh I think it's it's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the it's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the components of our product? Okay. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. 'Kay. Mm. Cool. Mm. That's not bad at all. Yep... Thank you. Okay um I'll do some I'll rub the features and let the drawing stay. 'Kay um my name is Gaurav. Um my favourite animal one of my favourite animals is a cow. I've got no idea how to draw a cow. Uh this is going to be Yeah, that'll do. Okay, so let let me draw the body first. Big, round body, really skinny legs and they've got a long tail and a long face. And there is some grass there. So this is what I like about cows that they just keeps sitting there eating grass, they do not disturb anybody um they're kind of Buddhist in a way. So yeah, I like cows. Um my my role in the project is um uh the industrial designer, so I'm supposed to design all the details of of the product um ho how it works and whatever it'll mm take during the functional role, what are the various functions that have to be performed by it uh during the um conceptual design, what are the various components of it and um finally, I'm not too sure what was the last part. Um the detailed design, I I guess it will again be the identification of the components and how they integrate with each other. Um I'm from India. Uh I'm doing my P_H_D_ in Psycholinguistics, I sit at the Department of Psychology. Yeah. Thank you. That doesn't look like a cow, does it? No way. Ah okay. Uh-huh. Mm. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think uh i in the beginning uh one thing was that was mentioned was that it should be mm trendy, user friendly and original so um I think your point is relevant as far as the originality is concerned, that we should provide some features that are quite unique to this. Mm. Alright. Mm. Yeah. There is a lot of functionality in there that is not used ninety percent of the time, but will be used ten percent of the time, yeah. Yep. And then use the Mm. Mm. Uh we can aim for I mean we can think about all these little things, but we can aim for something wi that gives a high battery life, although I don't think that um it's a huge problem for remote controls anyway, battery life, uh every now and then you need to replace the batteries. Um Hmm. Yeah. A big learning curve, yeah. Yeah. So, i it should kind of fit in as well, and the stereotype of a yeah. Alright.. Hmm.