Mm. Oh my name's Andrew I'm a I'm the Market Research person for this uh for this meeting and this uh project for creating this new remote control and uh yeah I'll be uh presenting information statistics on what people want to want to uh get from this new design, what people want to like and from a fashion point of view and the practicality point of view. Um, badger. Uh it's it's got nice contrast with black and white and uh I feel they're underdog kind of status and they're, the Make mobile phones and T_V_ remotes to make T_V_ remotes. Yeah. Think a lot of the time, remotes that come with T_V_ players and T_V_s and D_V_ players, like they aren't like an area that's put a lot of effort into, they're very boring, very plain. Like it's very a very like um making a a stylish remote control would be a very like Easily put us one step ahead of the current competition. Um. Something that looks looks doesn't look like remote control. So if you want, something that looks like uh something that makes you think oh what's this? Like this pen doesn't really look like a pen, but it makes you think oh. So, sorry that's a bit vague. Uh I suppose suppose that's up to the marketing to to make make people aware of the product. Mm. Yeah. Well from the mouse idea you could, remote is a piece of plastic with the big rubber buttons sticking out of it which you press, whereas if you want could all be flat and the buttons are very kind of almost subtle that instead of being raised out of the device uh you push into device you see, like a mouse button. I suppose. Easily, yeah yeah. Mm. Mm, yeah that would be good. Mm-hmm, um especially if we try to sell, what two million of them. Oh sorry, four million of 'em, but uh I think if w if we market it as as not as not well this you c you could either market it as the point of view we could have the two we could have parallel marketing s schemes where you've got one where it appeals to people that want to have the new device that looks cool, is fashionable and like you just it's it's like uh it's one that rather than ra I wan I want rather than a kind of a need relationship with the device, but that might considering the act what the device is for and the nature of some people might not like respond to having a device that they just looks nice, therefore they want it so make it practical at the same time. I think it's this is gonna have to appeal to people that want device that can enhance their living room uh but also a device that uh is practically sound. So um, I dunno we'll have to decide which which angle we're gonna go to or both. If you. Mm. Um, well we could either market it together by getting control in a set colour or with like you buy it with several uh like you ge you get the f uh the face-plates with it when you buy or as a separate thing, but uh maybe thinking of that, it's considering the nature of the device, maybe a second thing like a second campaign to market new facials for your to your might go a bit astray since it is the kind of thing where y you generally get one and then forget about it. Unless you were trying to Mm. Oh it's that's a that's a good idea. Mm. Yeah true..