Um obviously it's gonna be bulkier than how it looks, because it's gonna be flat on one side, so the L_C_D_ will be s sticking down like this, won't it? 'Cause it you can't get it curved. Uh because of costs. And it's plastic as well, so it won't be as comfortable on the hand. Yeah,. One. Yeah. What about what if the the volume on the T_V_'s turned up massively and uh you just wanna turn down the volume can't find remote. Suppose you have to go to the T_V_ and do it manually. Mm. Like y you wouldn't hear the speaker. Mm. That's too expensive isn't it? Yeah. Fashion. So basically the only new thing is the L_C_D_ on the remote now. Oh, and joystick, yeah. So The L_C_D_ basically is the big selling point of the remote. But that's what makes it uh original though, isn't it? It can be s yeah, it can still be single curved, but You just. That's what we need for the joystick I think though. Costs four. Yeah. Are we going for a special colour at all? Well I was for a case. Or had you already incorporated that? Think it's ten minutes left. Special colour. Three. Are we going one on? I'd say we go two, 'cause like f the fanciest would be the double curved. Wouldn't it? With the articulators. With bells on it. No need for teletext. five? Six? Six,. Put a leopard print on it. Yeah we gotta. I'd say the colour of the border there world you'd find that, that's that'd stand out. Logo, brand. Mm 'kay. Yellow courgette. Well this this what we're gonna t this is their motto, like. And we're we're not doing well on it. Yeah, I'll go with five. 'S bad design, that thing. Mm, yeah. Well, it depends who your who's what the target people are, like you'd say maybe the fashion conscious women would be going, oh look at that, 's cool, it looks like a it's yellow, looks like a banana, it's cool it's gotta look good in the sitting room. Rather than the L_C_D_ whereas uh more technical like like more uh people in with the latest technology it's good, it's got an L_C_D_ screen 's only got two buttons and a joystick. So, which which kind of people would be more likely to buy it?. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Very good. We're burs bursting with creativity. And the price was like it was twice the w assembly cost. And would it have to be twice that? It could be like coulda had the assembly like maybe fifteen Euro. We'll still settle for twenty five. Maybe. In the beginning, yeah.