Yeah, that's me. Mm. There's also a watch moves around a great deal more. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Um I'm actually gonna be bold and go oo go straight for rubber um for reasons I'll go into uh in more detail.. Mm. Yep. Now I'm gonna have to work between the uh the slides and the uh and the white board 'cause I actually I have some fairly concrete things this time. Uh um I was given a an H_T_M_L_ file giving um various ideas from uh from other previous remote control designs, and pretty much decided to just dump them all. I wasn't very impressed by them and they didn't seem to re uh nothing I saw seemed to meet the sorts of design specifications that we're going for today. Um so what I ra rather than looking at other remotes, uh ra oomp be better to simply look at the human hand. Um and try and f um and try and figure out a way of laying out the elements we've already decided on, um so that if r a if so that the finger is e each finger or thumb is wherever it needs to be already. Um so uh next slide, if you please. Um and what we've basically decided on was the the um the joy uh the joystick, two function buttons and the L_C_D_, just keep it paired down to the absolute minimum. I don't actually think we need the um the numeric keypad because if you m because one of the menus that we could have available um v via via the L_C_D_ is one where you scroll through channels, so if there's something f and be bear in mind since this isn't meant to work for um f f f for di for digital or um or for or for cable, whatever, you're basically looking at four or five terrestrial channels, and then um your V_C_ uh and then the channel through your V_C_R_ and or D_V_D_ player. And or um box. So it's not I'm not really excessively concerned about that. You must have two two modes, basic mode, where um the joystick's uh left right left right for channels, up down for volume, um and the uh uh and the menu mode for uh further functions. Um now the reason I was particularly interested in using rubber for this is that if we're going to have a highly ergonomic design, um it needs to be ergonomic for left or right handed people. Um, so you Mm-hmm. Yes, absolutely. Um, basi basically what I basically what the what be having um, I would say, the the whole thing articulated at two points, so that if you if you're handing it from a lef uh left or right handed user you can adjust it so that the um the L_C_ the L_C_D_ and the uh The joystick would be in the right place. And also this is a rather nicer de uh design gimmick that the the um you know the whole thing you know it should have sort of organic feel to it that it should be, you know, soft to touch and can be moved around all nice. Um okay on to on to the next uh to the next slide. Okay. Yeah, 'kay basically um I can add pretty pictures to this. The um Assuming the hand the hand to be in about sort of this position, um hol uh holding the remote, the um the joystick unit should rest over the uh the joint of the f of the uh four finger so that it's directly accessible for the thumb. Um and it would need t there would need to be a it would need to be articulated just below that so that it could be switched around for uh left or right handed users. So. You then have a grip section that can be more or less the same irrespective of handedness. You just have big two big buttons that cover most of the area so it can in the upper part, one for the four finger, one for the middle finger. Um, and that Th this part here is the joystick. This would be the actual grip. Probably where you'd want to have the battery as well. That would be probably the bulkiest part. And you then have, at the uh at the bottom, the L_C_D_, and this would need to be articulated as well. And basically I'd want this to rest here, right at the base of the wrist. So it would fit just nicely in the hand. And again, this part could be rotated, so it can So so so that it can be adjusted to either left or right handed user. Um So the t uh the top function button in basic mode would be the on off switch and menu mode would be the enter button. And then the bottom function buttons switches between between modes. Um now programming it actually thi this is one thing I've found with um the replacement remote control. Programming them can be a right pain. So I thought th the simplest way around that would be to have um a cable to connect it to the computer some some fair iv fairly fairly simple software on the computer just so that you on your computer just so that you could um pr program it at a rather in a rather more comfortable interface. And you could download programs for it from uh for uh T_V_s from all sort of main manufacturers. Um though you i it would be necessary to have uh have a m uh have a ha have a mode for programming it without the computer, uh just in case there are there are still people left out there who don't have them yet. Um. But uh. Yeah. That's that's my idea. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, actually if you've got a lot of channels, the number keypad can be quite annoying as well, becau it's you know if you're trying to remember what uh, you know, what number's the discovery channel or whatever. It's just irritating. But if you h but but but if you have a me but if you have a menu structure, then you can sub-group them. So you Yeah. Yeah, I I would say definitely, I mean I mean I mean the the idea of having it sort of articulated i th there would be basically two points of articulation. W um one below and one above the m the uh the main sort of grip. So Mm. I d I don't thi I don't think that it would be a a structural weakness, I mean if you have a firm s sub-structure, you can then incorporate articulation into that. If you then have a sort of outer skin of mm flexible, spongy rubber then you have something that is you know very much you know organic, and I think would look rather co I mean mi rather cool. I mean my drawing there doesn't doesn't do it justice, it makes it makes it look more a little bit more like a vibrator than a than a uh than a remote control, but uh. Mm-hmm. Make it harder to lose, as well. I th uh I mean if it I think that's something that could perhaps be programmable, though maybe have monkey as default. Um. Mm-hmm. Well basi basically the um for f for uh I mean e each manufacturer will have a partic will have a particular command set that uh the T_V_ responds to. It's not simply a matter of frequency. So um usually what's done is you have this big booklet full of different possi you'll have all of them sort of programmed in to the uh remote, and you'll have this little booklet of codes you then find your um ma uh find your manufacturer and try the different codes that come under that manufacturer's name 'til you find the right one. It's Yeah, that's right. So that's that's quite annoying and we probably would still have to do that. But if we had um some sort of hook-up to your computer as an option, then if you've got a computer you can avoid that rather irritating thing. Yeah. Yeah. Um booklet. Some pages. Yeah. Yeah. But it's a but it's a nuisance. And it's a nuisance very close to the to um to actually purchasing it, so it's something that you're likely to be thinking about. If you if there's w i if there's one in the shop that's that says it can avoid much of that nuisance, you might be favourably inclined towards it. Um mm. Mm. Um well I I think other than ge getting a sort of more aesthetically pleasing form for it, um mo most of the sort of layout design decisions are are made, I would say. Um but then again, the um the menu structure to to a considerable extent that's gonna vary according to the model of television, and also any customisations that the user might wish to incorporate. So um and one of the nice things about having an L_C_D_ and a menu structure is that there is that flexibility to it. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I mean it's Yeah. Yeah. The other thing I mean it I mean it would need to ha it would need to have um some sort of on board memory anyway. Um f for one for one thing because I do think that the menu system should be um uh I mean although you know, it's not going to be terribly complicated if it's just controlling one device, the menu system ought to be um o ought to be customisable and uh Mm-hmm. How uh how uh how you want say the um the the menu structure for flicking through channels if you've got lots of channels. That sort of thing. Yeah. Are we going to be supplied with the clay is what I want to know. Where is the clay? Mm-hmm. Mm. I th I think I would largely want to actually steer clear of the whole sort of fruit and veg thing. Bu but um but the spongy idea I like. I like it a lot. I having it i having it sort of br bright yellow I think that's quite a good idea, though maybe we could have options for colours as well. and again this has the advantage of being harder to lose. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I was like like I said before I I think we should have the R_R_ on the uh on the top function button.