Hi Kate. Okay, carry on. Alright um this is the beginning of the third meeting, the conceptual design meeting. Um our agenda should be um that we're opening the meeting, I have the minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared f drive at this point. Um and we should each have a presentation to make. Um we have certain decisions to make and we have forty minutes total. It's twenty five after two at the moment, so forty minutes is five after three, um which I'll be keeping an eye on the clock for us. Okay. Um there are the decisions we have to turn to, but we'll come back to them in a minute after I take us to the minutes of the previous meeting. Right um as we remember, I opened the meeting, the four of us were present, the meeting the first meeting's minutes were reviewed and approved. Um Sarah, you presented a marketing research report um which pretty much rep represented that fifteen to thirty five year olds uh it has to be hand-held, power, channel, volume, number keys, possibly a speech recognition. And then Steph did a second presentation um that those functions plus streamlining them with big user-friendly keys that were easy to use. I think all of us agreed with those things. Kate presented a working design of going after going over the basics on the whiteboard um that it should be a simple mass-produced device, because of the twelve and a half Pence cost. Um but we did talk about possibly using rechargeable batteries and having a docking place as a selling point. Um and the new requirements that it for be for T_V_ only um and that it include the l so slogan and colour of the uh corporate design be included. Um the corporate image. So we agreed that the target market would be fifteen to thirty five with more money than sense, that were decision makers. Alternatively it would be a manufacturer to enclose it with the T_V_, but it still should meet those parameters. Um and that the function we agreed was volume, power, numbers, enter, channels, a way to move between channels, easy to use and hand-held. Um at that point we agreed that Sarah would look at the current cost of competition, what what do the current ones sell for. Um and Steph was gonna look at ec ergonomics. Kate was gonna look at cost and feasibility of the various possibilities that we discussed. And I was to type up these minutes and work on the final report. Is this a fair presentation of what our last meeting was? Okay. Right. So we're ready to close that and go back to our That one. Right. We're up to the point of the Go back. Um the three presentations. So we're going to pull the plug on me and turn to Sarah. Is that okay? Is that alright with everybody else? Especially since Kate asked to be last. Sarah, I'm sorry if I misspelled your name, I didn't know whether it was S_A_R_A_ or S_A_R_H_. You respond to whatever you get, huh? Okay. Um, did you do your Hit Ah, there it is. Ta-da. Mm 'kay. 'Kay. Mm. It sounds like the the uh covers that they use for the remote, you know, your t your cell phone. Mm. Hmm. Uh-huh mm. In most families, don't isn't the remote is a remote. Mm. Mm. Well actually some households do have three and four T_V_s and they would have a remote for each one, so. Hmm. Hmm. Are we talking about the device itself or the c or a cover for the device that would be an interchangeable cov cover as a separate product? Perhaps perhaps that desi that particular suggestion needs to go back to management and perhaps go to another group to actually design as a separate product. Wo would that be agreeable? Do you wanna be next or you want Kate to go next? Okay, we'll move the Mm. Mm. Alright. Remember, we only have forty minutes Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Hmm. Thank you, Kate. Yes. There we go. Do it again. Keep doing it until you get it in both you get it there, you get it yours without that one, and then you get it with both. Yeah. This time it should come up both. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Huh. It's a selection wheel. Okay. Okay. Or call it a or call it a banana and have it in yellow. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm 'kay. I wanna thank you all for all your presentations. We have about ten minutes left, in which time we have to make some decisions on the remote control concepts. Um and I think you all have been self-stimulating of working together. Um we need to come up with some specifics of the components, um the materials, things like making the decision on the energy um and the case and the interface type things. So let's Mm. Right. They want us to decide what form of energy are we going to use, which the choices that we've discussed were pretty much battery, kinetic or solar. Um this is where Kate's expertise comes in, and our decision making will be a little bit guided by Kate at this point. The You were saying that the kinetic would be useful, that is you just have to move it some and you'd be able to use it um as opposed to a battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or um keep replacing the batteries. Um or solar that you'd have difficulty with it if it's a dark day, that it'll die on you, and no way to do it. That's the day you wanna use the T_V_. Um so what's our pleasure here, what would be the cost consequences of each of the three? Okay. Mm 'kay. What's the uh feelings of the group on the kinetic? Hmm. Hmm. So the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it's at all possible. It costs. Mm. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Thanks for the reminder for five minutes to finish, thanks. Um the next thing that they wanted us to do was look at chip on print as a decision. Oh. Okay. What about the ca yeah. Oh, the way we uh-huh. Oh, okay. Um what about the case? I think they're talking there about do we want wood, plastic, titanium or rubber, and I think we've discussed not having titanium. One, it's too expensive, um and second, it won't do this double um curves. Um we've sort of eliminated wood. We said plastic or rubber. What's the pleasure? What about you? Cover. Uh-huh. Plastic inside. Hmm. Okay. Um the next part they want is the user interface concept. I'm sorry to push you, but we only have a couple minutes to finish with. Okay, and it says interface. What type and what supplements? Okay, um that's that. Um this is gonna sound weird, but the next meeting starts in thirty minutes. Whew. And they actually want a look and feel design, user interface design, you can look and see this as well as I can. Marketing they want product evaluation. Oh. Oh my, I'm sorry. Oh, okay. Sorry about that. missed that one. This ought to be fun trying to get this thing to work. Ah, ta-da. Ah. Yes, because I can't even see mine. Next meeting starts in thirty minutes, these are the individual actions. Yeah, right. Um the look and feel design is for Kate, uh Steph gets the user interface design, you get product evaluation. Um the two of you get to play with a Pla modelling clay um to do a prototype. Uh and everybody gets individual instructions in the usual way. Anything else we need to do? Go to it. And that's the end of this meeting. That's for her benefit.