Does that mean like a wind-up one? A wind-up remote. You could make the hand dynamo into an exercise bike, and then people could exercise whilst watching T_V_. Yeah, and stop worrying about the whole R_S_I_ from the remote thing, 'cause that's just Yay. Did you say wool? Wood. Oh right.. Yeah, you'll understand why when we get to my presenta. Sony. Sony Ericsson mobile phones has it. Mm. No it's got its little camera in there, plug it in. 'S a Ugly. Yeah, you can't Oh, it's like the iPod. G yeah, no, you can. It's like it's like where you you know how you have your your mouse, and y you go round and i it's kind of like that and you spin round and it yeah. It is You just go round and it is a bit weird at first, but it's actually very like fast. I like the the wheels that click on the side you you get 'em much slower, so it's quite good if you like searching quite a lot of stuff. Do you know, if you're lookin if you're th scrolling through the A_ to Z_ of your music and you're looking for something at T_, then it's a lot faster than the wheel, but you've got a lot less control over it. Okay, I've put the copy of the presentation in um the yeah. Cool. Fabulous. Okay, cool. Um so what I did was to search the internet to come up with market trends and you know what users are gonna be wanting in the the near future. Okay. Right. Now, the first aspect is apparently twice as important as the second aspect, which is twice as important as the third a aspect. So, I mean the the easy to use thing is fairly low down on the which I think given the target group is what you would expect, really. Um, you know, people want something new, something technologically innovative and different, so the whole idea with the L_C_D_s and the spinning and the colours and the voice recognition is quite like, quite the thing to go for. And um, yeah it wants to look fancy, fancy look and feel. So Yeah, yeah. Mm. Depends how fast your television runs, really, don't don't you think? I mean we've got one of those um Telewest boxes and you put the number in the remote and then you wait and then it goes to the T_V_ and then you wait, and then it comes, so i it actually takes quite a long time. And if you get the number in wrong, then it's a bit of a pain, so I think, you know, a screen on the remote would probably cut down your time on that. But like remotes do tend to get f thrown about a bit. You know? Yeah. And i it would be like I mean if you could make it integrate with the T_V_ then it could come up with new information about what's on, and you could just see that on the remote rather than Yeah. But um I think maybe a way to do it would be a similar way to how you have your mobile phone, you know, like you have the slidey ones and you have the flippy ones and then the screen's protected so it doesn't actually get scratched. So you can have like what looks like a normal remote control, you know or like a minimalist remote control. So you got your buttons one to nine, your on and off and your volume on that and then if you want to mess about with it, you flip it open and, yeah. Yeah, so that kind of decides your whole chip thing. Okay? Cool. Okay, apparently, fruit and vegetables will be providing inspiration. Sorry, I discovered clip art. Um so these will be an important feature for clothes, shoes and furniture. So I mean, I'm taking this to mean, you know, curviness. Do you know? 'Cause you don't tend to get flat vegetables. You know? Yeah, bit of asymmetry and stuff. But that would be a good way to to get in the whole um R_S_I_ issue in there, because I mean if you think most people use the remote control with their right hand ha right hands so you wanna you curve it so that it's suitable for use with the right hand. Um yeah, I'm not quite sure about the relevance of material will be spongy. Um Yeah, but I mean y you have to Well I suppose you wouldn't get a remote uh an electric shock off your remote control if it was made of rubber. Yeah, yeah. If it's made of rubber you could get the kinetic energy fairly easily there, you could just bounce it up and down. Yeah. Um so yeah, um okay. Yeah, yeah. You have to have a certain element of flatness, I think. It it depends on the whole ergonomics of it, you know, it's like how you put your hands so y it's the least movement basically. No, I d I don't think it makes a lot of difference. I I have one of those s slidey phones and I mean the back is essentially straight, but it's curvy, so. Besides, you have four sides to a thing, so I mean does curved one side mean one side is straight and, you know curved two sides means the whole thing is just a big curvy p thing? Yeah. Yeah. Uh it's it's more about the protecting the L_C_D_, which I think is where it came from. But no, my research didn't tell me anything, which is why we have all the pictures, 'cause I had nothing better to do with my time. Okay, cool. Uh combine style with a level of functionality, um beauty and practicality and a thing of beauty and p function. Okay? It's about the practicality of it really, isn't it? You know? I mean if I can't imagine a m wooden remote control. Well it's not very cleanable either, do you know. It's it's not a practical I mean it's it's alright for a table, but for a remote control, you know. And splinters and stuff and It just m doesn't make any sense, I think is the thing with wood. You have to have some push-buttons, don't you? G yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think this is going back to the the graph at the beginning that I made, where, you know, the buttons that people use all the time, you want buttons for them and everything else menu-driven. Yeah. Yeah. G yeah, I would think buttons, yeah. It's it's the I think the thing is, so if someone just wants to turn on their T_V_ and put on a channel, then it should be easier to use than any other remote, and then if someone wants to, you know, change the contrast on their T_V_ and they should be able to do that and it should be accessible, but, you know, I mean most of the time I mean there's a limit to how much the biggest techno geek can spend fiddling with the T_V_, I think is the the the issue there. E either or G yeah. I would say the s the s the spinning goes at a high speed to th to the scrolling wheel, so you have to decide whether you you know, you want to be going so fast or not. But I mean the the thing with this whole if y you're planning on making it out of rubber, on the basis that it's spongy, then I'm not sure how well a scrolling wheel would work. Yeah, but y your spinning wheel tends to go to one side. You want an outside of rubber and then open it up and Or maybe like interchangeable cases. 'Cause I know like we're going back to iPods again n the whole spinning wheel, but I have like a you know, obviously my iPod's not made of rubber, but then I have a little rubber case that goes over the top of it and I can change the colour, theoretically, to match my outfit. Yeah, I think the spinning wheel is definitely very now. Yeah. That doesn't fit in with the whole vegetable theme though. Yeah, but I mean do you think we could incorporate the colours of the company into the buttons and then make the colour of the main remote the colour like vegetable colours, do you know? So you could have like I mean I suppose vegetable colours would be orange and green and some reds and um maybe purple and that and then you'd pick the buttons in company colours to to match with it. So are we discounting solar energy because rubber's gonna be used in there somewhere or If solar panels with the rubber. Yeah, okay, so we lose that I think. Yeah. It's just a gimmick. Yeah, sure j Sorry, do you want me to What does um I_C_S_ mean? Okay, cool. So it's advanced integrated circuits? Imagine it would be inside. So um actually that could like really cut down your thing, so you've got your outside, which is like minimalist, and then you open it up and you've got a screen and a spinning wheel, which you can incorporate buttons into. Um so you've still not got like a lot of stuff in the You've maybe got, you know like if you're modelling on iPod you've got five buttons and a wheel, and four of the buttons are in the wheel, and the other one's the little bit inside the wheel, yeah. Cool, I'm gonna go and sit on my own. I know, I'm hated. I've got a bit tangled up in all this.