I'm proud of it. Uh-huh. How how much do we have, forty minutes? Yeah. Okay, so. Presentation. Okay. Okay. So um basically going with our trend of vegetables and we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana. Um Yeah. Um Yeah. Um so basically it's the it's the flip open thing again. So now we we have the okay, so Ma Maarika will explain you the user interface there. And it flips open on the side, so it opens like that. And we have the user interface o in here and uh the the L_C_D_ and and the scroll are inside. Um well, everything else is probably user interface, so. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, it has, yeah. Yeah, well, but i since it's made of rubber anyway. I I think it's it's uh Yeah. Mm. Hmm. It's on the side. Uh no, we we'd not put so on on the cover we have the the bare essentials. Uh on the L_C_D_ we r you know, the main menu will have various options. Mm. Mm. Yeah, it's hidden in there somewhere. Cool. We ran out of resources here, so. You can have a look. Yeah, see the budget. I guess we'll give it maximum points in everything. So? Yes. Okay. But we can we can I can I can take note uh uh Um the the only thing that we were considering was that uh this thing is kind of more for right-handed people than for left-handed people, so if you're left-handed you're kind of left uh scrolling with your finger. But then yeah. Yeah. So bu it's it's not a huge problem, because i i it is operatable. Right. Yeah. Yep. Mm. Mm. One more thing is that i It might be a little clumsy when when it opens up, right, so it opens on the side. So Yeah yeah yeah, I mean yeah. So you guys can decide wh whether Oops. Yeah, but we which makes it kind of really big, yeah. Uh this this kind of uh makes it more and two, it might interfere with the I_R_ channel. Okay. Right. Okay. No, we have a locator. Yeah. Yeah. Intuitive, completely intuitive. Intuitive. And uh even the scroll, it's a it's a new technology so m m might be a little more difficult for people to get used to in the beginni so it is kind of not very intuitive but uh it's a good technology, I mean once they get used to it. Yeah. So l Yeah, okay. I'm gonna give a seven in everything, so. Mm.. Yeah. Yeah, unless you are a all the time sitting. Yeah. Yeah, I I think it is ergonomic. Mm yeah. And moreover it it has um L_C_D_ and everything, so that uh you know uh we minimise the pressing of the buttons anyway. Absolutely. So it has voice control. Yep. Anyway it ha yeah, it's the most sophisticated remote that I ever seen. Yeah, but they've been brought together in a remote. Yeah. Absolutely. The carrot banana remote. I think that's a. Yeah. There are how many sixes? One, two, three. Three. And one five. Okay, twenty eight, thirty eight, fo forty six. Forty six and five, fifty one. Fifty one divided by Mm I guess it'll have to wait for a bit. Mm. Advanced, yeah. Yep. Mm anything uh I think which is not more. Yeah. Mm. No uh we we have uh yeah. Mm no. We don't have we're not using any of that. Huh? Wh wh what is the limit? Uh. Mm I don't think so, no. No it says what what is the kind of interface, if it is pushbutton then you got a zero point five, it's a scroll wheel so we we've put it's pushbutton and scroll wheel and L_C_D_ display, so that's that's the three kind of interfaces that we have. Wh wh what's our criteria? Uh okay. Uh it does not have for voice recognition, but it does have for the feedback speaker. when you say when you press one it says one or it says hello. Mm and the locator also goes away. A also i in the case I'm not sure that you will evaluate this as a curved surface, because it's just rubber, so it's probably a flat surface rubber. Uh I mean uh um yeah. Um So tha that mean that we cannot press how do we how do we make a selection in uh in the L_C_D_? If in the L_C_D_ we can scroll, right? But how do we make a selection if we d cannot push the button. No w w w but ha it's it's the scroll wheel and I thought we were referring to this as a scroll spinning wheel and pushbutton thing. That comes with the L_C_D_? Oh so so the the this is. So we're adding costs for right, okay uh I mean I think this is good. Instead of scrolling here we have two buttons here, up for up and down. On the side. Mm uh it sounds good actually, yeah.. We have, yeah. Not really, no. Because we keep all the features, we keep voice recognition, we keep L_C_D_ display. We instead of having scrolling we we just push the buttons. Um yeah. Yeah. But we lose the locator. So instead of speaker,. 'Kay. I think it mm I think uh n one thing that was lacking uh was that we did not know what the various things cost to begin with. Um we kap kept a adding things randomly. So, had we known Yeah, that or not, yeah. Yeah. So d all the random decisions at the end could have been prevented. Mm. Yeah, mm. Yeah yeah yeah, that's it's it's I wonder what one of these costs. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. I guess it was a fairly small group, so all of us got to express our opinions, yeah. Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I thought that was good though, because if you're given too much time then you got nothing to do with your time and um yeah. Although we could have made the R_s better had we had five more minute. We certainly are, mm. Yeah. Yeah, same here. Mm uh no. I don't think so. Was there a questionnaire already sent?