If you leave them on the whole time you get to look like a noodle the whole time. Is that. three, apparently. Okay, you all switched on. I presume we're good to go. Okay, um minutes um we decided to use a kinetic charger, standard chip, um 'cause it can come in various different sizes, it wasn't uh uh gonna be a problem factor. We wanted a stand-by function. The case material is gonna be soft, rubbery, changeable. Um buttons with a combination of L_C_D_ and rubber according to the design. Um bright funky designs inspired by fruit, keeping with the hip kind of feel. Um and to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that. Um and the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-R_S_I_. Okay? Prototype presentation. I think that would be you. Make sure the camera's Yes, yes you can. Wait a second, I'll get it out. Um Okay. You should have one of those things and you can just take it off. Ta-da. Right. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. So it's flush. Oh right, okay, yeah. So put it in the top section rather than the bottom sections, 'cause it's the top part that's okay. Okay. I'm under the sofa. Or, that would be too complicated. Infrared. Like here. Okay. Actually, no, it would be it would have to be on the on the front. Oh right, yeah, okay, yeah, I've got you. It's still pointing, yes. Yeah, that would make sense. Okay. But not interfering with the outside kind of look of the product once it's Okay. Thank you very much. Wrapping it all up, okay. Um I've now got evaluation criteria. It's to be presented. Okay. It's quite similar to what it was before, though. Sorry. Mm-hmm. Okay. Just write small. Yeah. That works. Mm-hmm. I would agree. Okay. I would say two. A two. It's just two point five for that one. I would say a two. I would say a two. One point seven f five. Okay, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. One. Well the type of button that we're gonna use in the bottom half, the material, minimises R_S_I_ it's meant to. Um maybe because it's slightl with the size that we've got it's quite small, but with the amount of stuff we're putting on it isn't that much. So maybe because there's more space, it's not kind of moving around trying to hit accurately the buttons in between. It's quite obvious just big buttons. Um Four. A standard. It would be. And if you didn't hear it in the room that you were standing in, then you'd realise that it wasn't in that room, you'd go into another room. One. I don't think so. I think we yeah. I think we're set. Do much apart from having a huge big Don't think so. Okay, thank you. Okay, I've got finance here now. I'm gonna plug this in so you can all see it, if that's okay. Um. Thanks. Right. Now I presume that the screen will go blank, that um Okay. We just type numbers into this and we come out with the final value. So are we still on for kinetic? Okay. See, it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning. Um it might have influenced our choice. Right, what's happening with the electronics? Double-curved. Oh, right, okay. Thanks. So, would there be two? One chip. Okay. One double curve. So what's a single curve then? So just one double Yeah. Um Mm. Um we've got plastic and rubber, haven't we?. Um Do you think? Okay. It would be like saying we're using See, it says case material. So we're not actually using plastic in the case, are we? It's including, it's including. Okay, we'll just put it in as we'll put in as half. Or sh we should just put it in as one, because the plastic is zero anyway. No, we don't step on anyone's toes. Okay, special colour, do we need that? N yeah, okay. Interface. Buttons Has that not gone up? Oh no, it was seven five it's changed not a lot. Oh, it's not calculated it. Okay, there we go. It's not a lot though. We haven't been dealin we haven't been dealing with dollars though, I think Okay, so the highest we've got is the electronics here. Um and the interface. Where's the where's the voice recognition? Right, okay. Well the kinetic is three. If we change it to the battery it's that's minus three. Oh, right. I keep seeing zero. Um We can do it some other way, we can do it doesn't have to be voice recognition. We could do the voice recognition for, you know, business class or something, you know, like an upgraded version. You could choose to have that or not. So should we just change the design specification then? Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, we can make the price fit, and then say if we'd had our budget, we would've had this, because it also sets it apart from the crowd. They like their gadgets, they like something that's completely different. It's s something completely different associated with your company. Right, okay, so It's two point five. No, it's twelve point two five. Yeah well two, twelve point two five times two is twenty five, isn't it? I think the agenda one was where the um price was, wasn't it? No. Twelve point five. Well done, people. So is that uh got us covered for the electronics then? We don't need something else to take that place? Okay. Okay. Right, so we've done that. Okay. Product evaluation. We've done room for creativity, haven't we? Because we've got decisions that we would have made that we weren't didn't feel able to make. Um I presume we discussed leadership and teamwork. um in the sense that um did you feel like a team? Or did you feel like uh autonomy? Mm-hmm. Thank you. How did you find it? Yeah. Yeah. I liked the fact that we could say an idea and it'd be suggested that that wasn't the best idea, but no one felt like shot down, you know, y it didn't matter it saying what you thought, because if it wasn't something that was that relevant, then it didn't matter, 'cause it was just another idea in the field. I like that. Um teamwork. Well you two created that wonderful specimen of a Play-Doh model. Um uh I'm still not caught up. But that's nothing to do with the teamwork at all. Um Maybe. No, that was quite fun. Um means, whiteboard, digital pens, etcetera, what does that mean? Any ideas? Had time to kind of Yeah, 'cause we could just sort of say, sorry what did you say about that or what do you think about that, rather than having to email it, yeah. But it was nice having it there. Um like the whole picture of the thing. Yeah, I think it's new ideas in general, rather than Mm. Yeah, no. Well they have to come from somewhere, don't they? And as sh as w sorry, you go. Um as was shown by your presentation with all of the other controls, remote controls, no one's thought about it particularly. I mean they're slightly different, so if someone's been shut in the room and said make ours a bit different from everyone else's, 'cause it's w something we should think about, but obviously no one's put any great deal of thought into it. Mm. But then when it everything is really smart, and you've just got this big chunk of black thing sitting on your coffee table, it doesn't go, I mean if you could have something that's a proper funky thing, a funky item that's individual, individual to you, I mean they could even go into um you go in with an idea and they design it on Photoshop and then they just get it printed on the plastic, you would pray you would pay a lot extra, because it's individually being a plastic was being made for you. But people could have anything that they wanted. Because of the produ Mm. Yes. Yeah. Well, it's innovation for money's sake. The the people have to keep buying. Yeah. And you can't get you've got your handset that works fine, but you can't get the battery anymore for that type of phone, because the phones have moved on, things like that. Yes. It's madness. Um In closing There we go. Um our costs are below budget with recommendations that they the budget be increased, but I think I don't know, d what do you think? Do you think that's takes into account um overheads like us being well paid kind of a thing? And the heating for the building, do you think our budget includes everything, all the costs that are going out? So it looks well it looks like it's gonna be fifty percent profit, you've still got all of the overheads to come out of that. So maybe increasing it, you would also have to increase the price that it's sold at. But I think but you were saying that that's quite Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. It's a shame it won't ever get made. Maybe it will. Maybe someone'll r run down and patent it. Um the project has been evaluated well and truly. Um and we've got the meeting survey and questionnaire. Oh, so we've got about fifty minutes to catch up with everything that I fell behind with, so I'll be delegating in my um role as Project Supervisor, so good luck. I think the celebration is the twenty five pounds. Either that or we'll be dancing on the desks. Oh. Um yeah, just the last, I think. I think I've got minutes for two of the meeting and the last thingy. I just got con