Are we we're not allowed to dim the lights so people can see that a bit better? Okay, that's fine. Am I supposed to be standing up there? Okay. Yeah, I've got Yes. Okay. Hello everybody. Um I'm Sarah, the Project Manager and this is our first meeting, surprisingly enough. Okay, this is our agenda, um we will do some stuff, get to know each other a bit better to feel more comfortable with each other. Um then we'll go do tool training, talk about the project plan, discuss our own ideas and everything um and we've got twenty five minutes to do that, as far as I can understand. Now, we're developing a remote control which you probably already know. Um, we want it to be original, something that's uh people haven't thought of, that's not out in the shops, um, trendy, appealing to a wide market, but you know, not a hunk of metal, and user-friendly, grannies to kids, maybe even pooches should be able to use it. Okay, um, first is the functional design, um this is where we all go off and do our individual work, um what needs need to be fulfilled by the product, um what effects the product has to have and how it's actually going to do that. Um, conceptual design, what we're thinking, how it's gonna go and then the detailed design, how we're actually gonna put it into practice and make it work. Okay, right. We're gonna practice with the pens and draw our favourite animal on the white board, I'll go first, and um sum up the characteristics of that animal. So Okay, I'll leave space for everyone else. Um What's missing? We're running out of blue. Okay. I'm not gonna ask you to guess, I'm going to tell you that's supposed to be a tiger. And I see them as majestic, and independent, and proud. Now, who would like to go next? 'Kay. Is that your lapel then? There you go. Okay, thank you. Okay. Well, as you can see, the quality of the work today is um Gonna be a bird. Is it gonna be it's gonna be a bird. That's lovely. Okay it's fine. Technical help. Hmm. Okay, yeah. A seagu right, not a seagull. Eagle. Mm-hmm. That's lovely. Okay. That was fun, right. Um finance-wise, we've got a selling price at twenty five Euros, which I don't actually know what that is in Pounds, at all. Any ideas? D fifteen? Seventeen. Okay, that's expensive. I think so, I think so, I'll be able to um pull it up, or I could put it in the shared folder or something. Really? Mm. I think Yeah, um production cost's at twelve fifty, so half of the selling price is taken up by building it. Um, and profit aim is fifty million Euros, which is uh Yi yes, um yeah, I presume so. Um Mm-hmm. No, yeah. So yes, yes, I don't think we have to I don't think it's a case of worrying about different languages and things like that, um making that a key point, just that it's going to be in the international market like Australia, America, things like that. Okay. What are your experiences with remote controls? I mean I've got we got um we had three videos, a T_V_ and a sort of amp thing all set up so we got one of the universal remote controls, um that you programme each of your things into, but that kept losing the signals so we'd have to re-programme it every now and again. I think it was quite a cheapie as well, so that might have had something to do with it, but that was quite good, the fact that you could You didn't have six remote controls sitting in front of you. Mm. Yeah, the main that's the main stuff anyway, I mean and you don't want to I hate I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do and just sitting there searching for the teletext button or something like that. Yeah. Um. When they're when you've got the main things on the front of it and a section opens up or something to the other functions where you can do sound or options kind of recording, things like that inside it. 'Cause it doesn't make when you pick it up it doesn't make it really complicated to look at, it's obvious what you're doing, um. What about the older generation? What about granny and grandads? Um, my grandad can answer his mobile phone, but he couldn't even dream of texting or something like that. I don't think they tape things, I don't think they use Mm, yeah, the age gap. Mm. I don't know, I d I don't like the, you know the new phones that have kind of got a Windows-based running system. I find it really confusing, I kept getting lost in the phone, I di I've not got a new one but uh my friend got a new one and I was trying to do things with it and I just kept getting lost, but that's just me. Yeah. Teletext has got that option as well. Yeah. Or what about kind of a dual function? In that you've got the basic buttons just for your play, volume, programme things and also and then a menu to go into with obvious pictures, obvious symbols and that's where you control recording and things like that. Mm-hmm. I think that's a cost thing, I don't I don't know how much we're gonna know about Yes, no that's important. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Um, right, okay we've got half an hour before the next meeting, so we're all gonna go off and do our individual things. Um I think that's probably about it and then we'll come back and liaise again and I get to do another fantastic PowerPoint presentation. Sure. Okay. Mm. I would it would probably. I mean there's Sky remote controls and everything. They're kind of moulded and look a bit different, and the Telewest remote controls are silver plastic, which looks a bit smarter, so yeah I guess that's stuff we can think about. Okay, so let's break it up there. Okay? So, see you in half an hour. I think so, yeah.