Okay. Gotta plug you in. Very nice. For your first PowerPoint it's lovely. Fine. It needs, yeah. Cool. Looks like you're in okay. There you go. Right. Does that mean I'm up? I think so. Okay. Oh that would be perfect. Thank you. Slide show up and running. Or not. Uh. Oh there we go. Perfect. Okay. So this is me. Um basically I was looking through some marketing reports that we've got and we had a usability test where we were actually sort like watching a hundred people use T_V_ remotes and see what it is that they're using and then they filled out a questionnaire about what they like and what they don't about their general T_V_ remote control practices. Um pretty much through testing we were finding out that most of the time, everybody's used to using changing the channel, turning it on, using the volume, m the majority of the time that's all that's going on, the other functions happen, for some people they're important, but the primary uses are really really basic. Um and so big complicated remotes like one we saw in the last presentation are really not the general public's use, they're not using a lot of it, they don't need it, they even find it frustrating when there are all those buttons that they don't know what to do with. And um we also found out that uh fifty percent of our people, their the worst thing about a remote is how often they lose it. And then they can't find it in the room. So I think what we were talking about with a pager or something, will really come into play with a lot of these people. Um there's also a survey about what they liked about remotes, and pretty much they all think they're hideous and not very useful, and the younger demographics are all really interested in voice recognition options. I don't know if that's something we're ready to look into technically, that's up to the design people, but it is s something worth thinking about, especially since the younger demographic's obviously the one that's gonna keep growing, so if that's the direction we're headed in it's something to think about. Um but basically it really is the primary functions and getting it to look nice, which are the standards. So it's a good start for us. Need to unplug this? Need it back. There you go. Oh right. We're not catering to the pensioners of the world I don't think so. Right. Right. Uh. Right. Yeah. Oh. That could work. I like that. Yeah. Something very basic. Right. Is that only gonna be within our two hundred foot range then? Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. K Yeah. True. Making it just an option? Yeah. Right. Are we still thinking about this screen sorry. Go ahead. The uh if we're gonna do this touch pad screen thing, it would be still, do we know if that's an option technically right now to that? Okay. Okay. We're doing okay. 'Cause it seems like an interesting option especially because then you could have like your primary screen just be these you know four or five basic functions, you can have menu options or something to have all these other complicated voice recognition, settings, things that you're not gonna use every day and that a lot of people aren't gonna use but it is an option there for this hi-tech market that sort of re is the sleek thing we're going for. True. Worth looking into. Yeah. True. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Just the casing. Mm. Yeah. Right. Mm. Right. Well in the publicity of a face plate on a phone is you have it out and around, it is sort of emblematic whereas you're just sit at home, so unless somebody comes over to watch T_V_ True. True. True. Yeah. Oh yeah. True. 'Cause it would have a docking base? Yeah. Can we afford that? And will somebody buy it if we don't? Right. For twelve Euros? It is. Fair enough. The basics. Mm. 'Kay. Mm. And oh. Yeah the the fashion do. Yeah. Right, and then you're dealing with ports and cords and Yeah. For now. Yeah. Nice. Um. Well but if we're gonna use a touch screen where it's gonna come on like on your cell phone it'll have your your carrier provider name come up first like while it's loading and then it goes away, perhaps it could be like a temporary Comes on every time you turn it on and then that's it 'cause it is a bit much to have it like engraved on the back or something I think. Yeah. Y Yeah you would think. But. If it comes from above. Yeah. Mm. We're good? Yeah.