Okay um, welcome to our detailed design meeting. I'm pretty excited. Let's start it's approximately fifteen forty or something like that. Okay um the agenda we're gonna do an opening and then um I'll talk about the minutes from the last meeting, what we d discussed um, then we'll have the prototype presentation and a look at the evaluation criteria. We'll look at the finances and finally a do a production evaluation and close. So, starting off with the um last the last one, oh I don't have it here um, but we talked about energy, we're gonna use a kinetic battery um, we want to use a simple chip, because we're not gonna need a a shuffle um, we're gonna need a scroll um, we're choosing a latex case w in fruity colours that's curved and um we're using push buttons uh with a supplement of an on-screen menu. And it sounded like we had set um like eight or nine buttons, including five pre-set channels. Okay? Let's do the look and feel design presentation first. like a little lightning in it. The little lightning bolt in it, very cute. The v the rhombus rhombus? Um on, off? Okay. Yeah we turn it off. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh-huh. Very interesting. I think that one's my favourite. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Now that was one thing that we brought up over email. I don't know if you picked up your email, but um the f the um feature that we considered for it not getting lost. Mm-hmm. It's really Would it be very difficult to um just have an external device that like I dunno, you tape to your to your T_V_ um that when you press it you ha a little light beep goes off? Do you think that would be conceptually possible? Mm-hmm. Mm. That's true, mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Okay, that's a fair evaluation. Getting lost. Um we so we do we've decided not to worry about that for now. Okay 'cause well, the designs are very bright, so you're right, they're gonna stick out, but um Mm-hmm. Could we maybe have like an extra button on the top for on off? So then w we wouldn't have to have like a dual function? Sure. Um uh why don't we do a product evaluation using your criteria, if you've developed some? Oh okay. Okay. Okay. Do you need this or just write on the white board? Okay. It's kind of like uh like a joystick kind of thing, you know, kinda push it. 'Kay. Maybe a little smaller than that. Oh it does, it's kind of like There it could have a stem like that, 'cause I do l kind of like the stem. Yeah. It almost helps you ge keep a grip too, 'cause it goes in between fingers. I like this one. Variety of colours are nice. I think I'm leaning towards the potato. Mm-hmm. I am worried about like um using a menu. Um in that like i withing menus there are submenus, and so how do you get back to the main menu? But that has a menu button separate from a select button, whereas if this one's both the menu and the select button? Okay. Could these be used for going to submenus or Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, as long as we have that in mind as we're designing it still, mm 'kay. I think so. I I kind of think it's it's unique enough that I'd give it a one or a two. Okay. I will give it a one. Um functional. I think it'll get everything done, I think it might be a little confusing at first, um, I don't know if that's gonna be a later one. Okay, then I'm gonna give it a two. Did you give a functional? Okay. Well, the kinetic battery. But they'll notice it after like a year, they'll be like hey, I have never changed the battery. Mm. Just the material. Think I'm gonna go with the four as well. I really like that kinetic battery though. Mm 'kay. Uh let's say two. Give it a one. Mm. 'Cause there would be less impact maybe,. That's right, yeah, corporate colour, we didn't keep that in um well if we I know it would make it a little less c a little more confusing, but if we had all the buttons in black, and a design in and the outside in yellow, that'd be our corporate one and we could also have alternative colours, one a more conservative one, one that's more fruity. Um and can we have like an R_R_ inscribed on the bottom or something? Okay. Fruity, so fruity. I think i it's kind of mangoey too. Yes. Mm. One. Mm-hmm. Yes. It's gonna be hard. And if it's repetitive movement it is gonna be only four buttons that you're constantly pushing, but um I like how it fits in the hand though so I I'd go with a two. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. I think I'd give it a four too. It's a pretty high learning curve, it'll be easy once you've done it, but We we I think we can kind of say we addressed it with colour, but Mm-hmm. Mm I'd give it a four. Small too. Three. It's totally fashionable. I'd give it a one. Mango. I do like uh the little Martian one. One. Mm-hmm. I think as long if we offer in a in at least three different colour arrangements. Um yeah, that's good. So I'll give it a a two. Well um we didn't we didn't address the fact that it does need to b have a corporate logo, so let's let's make sure we keep that in mind that we ha that one of our colours concepts is corporate and has an R_R_ on it. All of them should have R_R_, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Lovely. Okay, now we're gonna look at finances. Um I have an Excel sheet that we're actually gonna calculate the cost um, so let me exit out of this first. Okay um I know. Let me one more space. Gonna zoom in real quick. Okay. Hand dynamo. We're using kinetic battery, right? Um and we're having one per One, okay. Um electronics. Simple. Mm 'kay. Um the case. It's very curvy, so okay. The wood? I mean the rubber. Mm-hmm, okay. Yeah, we're using we're gonna need at least two special colours. Um. I dunno where it yeah. So let's y say three. Yeah, I dunno. That I thi I thought that would be under yours. We'll just say three. Mm-hmm. Maybe the R_R_ will be in colour as well, so yeah. Interface, we're doing push buttons. And how many buttons do we have? Six. Anything else? Oh, buttons oh, so um. So the case material will just have one colour, right, but then the buttons will be in special colours? We're saying per unit. Okay, so each unit will only have one colour on their but the case is could have up to thr I mean the buttons could ea could be up to three colours, 'cause that how it's designed there. So Special form? They're all kind of just push button, right? Special material? Uh. Oh do I have to do it per button, do I? Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Thirteen point seven. Yeah, what can we reduce? Let's see what that would do. It's only gonna bring us down to thirteen point three anyway. Okay um, are we sure this is double-curved? Maybe it's single-curved, we have no idea. Well it's not the yeah. Okay, it's the kinetic battery that's kind of expensive, but we have a simple chip, single curve, case material is rubber and it's a special colour, but that's important. Six buttons we have to have six buttons. What? No, okay, maybe not. I don't know what just happened. Now it's twelve. Twelve point five. So we're okay, I think. Yeah. Okay, we're all set. Um save. I saved that to our um our big shared folder, so you know. Um okay, back to agenda. Um are the are the costs under twelve fifty Euro? Yes. Let's move on to the project evaluation. Project process. Satisfaction with for example the room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, the means, any new ideas found. So I guess what we're gonna talk about here is just evaluating how we created this project, the information we got on the news, how we used it, if we were able to um, you know, use our creativity with the information, um how how well I guess I led it, um the how well we worked together as a team, um the digital pens, the whiteboard. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think we all made um very significant contributions, I don't think anybody dominated it, which I thought was really good, like each of us was able to um like each of you had your information and I uh I tried to facilitate it without like taking over, um I like our little finished products. Really cute. I know, let's think of it like a little jingle. Um.. Okay um new ideas found? Definitely. Or or at least be c p creative enough to think of toggle switches mm etcetera. Oh, I'm so excited. Mm-hmm. I thi yeah, that's awesome. Um okay, closing. Are the costs within the budget? Is the project evaluated? Now there's the final questionnaire and meeting summary. Um so, this is the great product kids, I think we've created something really interesting and that we have a market for it, um especially if we can produce it at twelve point three which we hope um yeah. Make sure in your questionnaire to put down criticisms of both the process and the um the final results and. I do like the Martian remote. If we could choose more than one, that would be my second choice. Although the tog toggle I'm afraid I would It's cool. I think I would break it. Oh yeah, it's kind of a penguin. Mm-mm. Mm 'kay, congratulations. Um. Anything else to say? Alright. Um anybody have I got more master classes, anybody else wanna like take a master's class? Yeah, but check it out. So like there are all these like links, they don't go anywhere. But all that you need to keep in mind your knowledge management. Um just wanna make sure you do. Oh It is. Yes definitely I'm very sad that I didn't get any links to the corporate website.. Wow. Yes. I love Excel, it's one of my favourite programs. I see, mm. Spongy. I I thought it was a little tricky having to hand around this thing. We had a lot of the um otherwise the technology today was kinda cool. Mm-hmm. No. Although I don't see how we could have very l at least for me I Mm. Mm-hmm. And with and with the PowerPoint that we can all look at, like you can do all those things pretty much on PowerPoint as that's not as necessary to have. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Now when you were um creating your um prototypes here, did you work together or did you like do separate projects? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Cool. Oh thanks. It's kinda fun. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. This is what we'll do. I found that we did we could have used another five or ten minutes sometimes in the meetings. Mm-hmm. Yeah I think the last time we had a lot of information, but at the same time not quite enough, you know what I mean, like we we couldn't answer every single question. Um but Mm. It was interesting what came out like later, like as I was doing the when I was doing the breakdown on the agenda that they gave me um, that more points came out from your presentation even. Um. I'm a little I am a little disappointed that we didn't do a um something for losing the remote, because that was kind of a big point. About yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Considered the re yeah. Well it's interesting that they Mm-hmm, yeah. It was interesting though that they put that fifty percent of people say they have frustration with losing their remote and yet they didn't provide us with information to um we weren't provided with information to discuss that. I know that like people people have like things they can put on their keys that you press it and it'll beep, but I but I'm sure that would require some kind of technology that I just don't know what it is, but Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. It d yeah, it depends on how organised you are personally, but Mm-hmm. Oh. Can't get in. Yep. We should make one that walks by itself. Or or like some crazy like electro-magnet, that you push it and it'll go zoom to the T_V_ and stick there. Well, but if you could attach them to the T_V_, then you can. Mm. Okay. Sorry, I'm just um trying to update my minutes. I decided to you know how I sent you the email saying that PowerPoint minutes will be complimentary, rather than like repeating them. Just gonna make I'm making full minutes, so that it'll include all of the agenda and all that. 'Cause that seems a little more useful. But I didn't have like information to sloth through either, so Most of it, mm-hmm. I added slides, um I added a couple slides each time, but that was about it. Mm. Well, the thing was they would provide y an agenda with s like several points, but it wouldn't have a slide for each point. And that's the only way I remember that I need to go other that point. I know personally when I do PowerPoint, that's what I do and so I had it once, even if it was just like the title of it, like the three presentations, and I would do your three. The slogan on it? No no no. I think we just need the um the R_R_, yeah. Yeah, I was just kinda going by the web page, 'cause they didn't give me any clear, like yellow, grey, or. I don't really like yellow in general. But it Wasn't it interesting that um I thought it was interesting that our market marketing um expert did not agree with the marketing um the marketing choices, you know, like that was a bit of a conflict. People are stupid. Maybe, like I don't know. That could always be. Oh. I'm claiming it intellectual property.