That's great. Alright, let me just PowerPoint this up. Right so um this meeting will be about the conceptual design, don't ask me s precisely what conceptual design is, it's just something important that we need to do. Um, think of it 's kind of uh turning the abstract into slightly more concrete. In this meeting ideally we'll come to some final decisions on what we're gonna do for the prototype. Um. Right so um, apologies for the last meeting, it was brought to my attention that I did not make the roles clear enough, um, so I will attempt to do so more accurately in this particular meeting. Um, fair enough, thanks for the input, 's always good. Um. So, basically all we're gonna do is have some presentations again much like last time, um, and gonna go through you, uh whoever wants to go first is f fine by me um and we'll collate what we know about um what we discussed in the last meeting, possible directions. And then we'll make some more decisions on um basic uh firm up our idea on how we want this remote control to look and work. So, perfect. So, without th further ado, whoever wants to go first is free to. Alright Nathan, take it away. It is Nathan right? I'm not calling you the wrong name over and over again? Good. Nice. Mm. Hmm. What kind of th thickness are we looking at? Okay, brilliant. Hmm. Hmm. M Maybe is there an option that we can have that off or on so a person can select like Yeah I like the idea, it's a good idea. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Can we do marketing piloting too? Try to see what kind before we launch can we see how they're received? Okay. Okay. Okay, perfect. Great, thank you very much Nathan. That's perfect, so I guess that makes sense for you to take it from here. Fascinating, compelling even. Tomatoes. Slick, slick. Interface, oh the interface graphics for the um Yeah. Mm. Yeah, it's like, yep it's ubiquitous isn't it? Great, thanks for that Sarah. Ron? Yeah. Lot of single people on the um on the re on the remote control research team at the Mm. Mm. Yeah, I can see. Mm. Great. Great, wonderful Ron, cool. Lot of good ideas, good facts to have. That's what they need, it's like a little dongle it just sticks up this further so you don't have to stand up every time, just connect it, my kingdom. Right so, good to know all that stuff, thanks guys, um. Now we kind of have to come to some decisions, um, I figure we can just go down the line and all three of us can have a chat about it. Um. Based on what Nathan presented as far as the um various costs and benefits um I think, I dunno, what do you guys think about the touch screen at this point? 'Kay. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. To produce each one. Mm. Hmm. Well. There is, it's just, it is a question of and how much ca o does that mean we're gonna have to increase the price to make money. Um, from twelve fifty if we d wanna get our fift uh hundred per cent profit margin um that would mean selling it from twenty five. If you multiply seventeen fifty by two that's thirty five. So From the board, um, well That's true, I mean And that's to be fair the um the per cent of the market we're not going for mass any you know, mass sales anyway, we're gonna make I mean we we're not talking about selling eight zillion of these things, we just couldn't, not for twenty-five Euros, so we could probably maybe shrink the profit margins rather than selling for twenty five, sell 'em for thirty, but that's something that we can have finance deal with. Um, I say that we provisionally go with the touch screen or wh y wh what was your thought on the matter Ron? Mm. No we could have a s very simple touch screen, you know, there's always the opportunity, if it's gonna be about the size of the iPod or whatever, you know, w we yeah, I guess we can play around with it a bit. Alright, let's let's say that okay so the touch screen will be our um our main selling point here. So The voice rec thing, I mean, if if we're looking at bottom line, now we're looking at upping the cost to seventeen to get the touch screen on, I think we might have to drop the voice rec. Yeah. Hmm. What do you think on it Nathan? About the voice rec? Mm. Yeah. I can't see how it wouldn't, I mean, there's you know the old aphorism, you can have it fast, you can have it cheap or you can have it quality, pick two of three. You know, you can't you can't have all three. It's just impossible. Well if we're gonna pick betwe e alright so we have to pick between one of the two. Um. Otherwise, yeah, we just it just becomes cost prohibitive. What which, which do we suspect we should hold o we should hold on to? 'Kay. What does the cost look like Ron? Is it cheaper to do the V_R_ or to do the uh touch screen? Nathan? Mm. Right. Mm. Okay. So I'm getting alright so more or less you guys think that o o of the two of 'em, the voice recognition will be better. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Sorted. We will omit the touch screen in favour of voice recognition. Yeah, well we'll we'll sic we'll sort out what it what f what else we're gonna talk about for the prototype but yeah that's our next step, it'll be a developing of prototype. Yes. We'll just run through it yeah, yeah, um. You discussed either a lithium or a solar power. Would the solar power be enough to fuel a voice recognition? Or this kinesthetic one, would that be enough to fuel a voice recognition remote control? Mm. Mm. Yep. Right. Okay. What do you think Ron? Okay. Hmm. Yeah. Well we have to have buttons on it too as well. But that's done, that's no bother I mean if you look at the catalogue from places like with sharper image or whatever you know they might have or like um who is it, Apple makes these really pretentious speakers with the th sub-woofers you know like clear and glass and you know and then they got these little pyramidal type of um speakers. I mean, why not have a little rounded kind of thing, it could still have the basic buttons on it. Um, 'cause we're going for basic functionality primarily as well. And maybe a menu button and so forth, you know um use a channel button to scroll through the menu d if they want to record programmes or whatever you know I mean we can sort that out. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I mean a nice although we do um wh uh is I'm recalling that she mentioned that we n need to get away from the surgical white kind of brushed aluminium thing and get back to it but you could have a very tasteful um wood coloured or earth tone kind of um Still, I mean, yeah, along those lines. Yeah I like that, I like that idea a lot. Um, let's see what we can do as far as that goes. And the uh the material like the plastics and so forth, we were discussing that being uh using like a rubber kind of softer feel, um you know li lik if you feel the the tip on this pen it's a bit gives just a bit. You know something where it's uh a a more advanced f form of plastic that has some kind of a tactile response to it. Mm 'kay. Yeah let's see if we can do a squishy non-remote control-looking remote control. But to be fair, yeah, I mean, you just c you could just put it literally put it on the the ni the coffee table next to the telly and say volume up. Yeah I like it, I like the idea, that's good. Um and we've sorted of discussed costs, um. I guess we'll a that's gonna be uh a thing, if we run a bit over-budget, that might be okay, um. We'll have more of an idea when the prototype have more of a we'll have more of an idea later on. Um. And we just yeah go from there. Um, so we've revisited the touch screen and more or less ruled that out, um, I think so we're more or less con we wh wh we're more or less in agreement that we want to have a um a simple kind of function, you know, not too complex. Like maybe have menu things. Mm. Yes. Yeah we've also got the the me the thing of, if we're gonna have a non-remote-looking remote, how do we yeah. B But no I mean we could do a slide or a compartment, you know, like if it say it's a lit little vaguely ovoidal type of thing, it'd be easy to have a compartment in there. Or you know, a b a b a a series of you know three or four buttons with a menu button and then a side an s up and down type of thing, like on um like on a D_V_D_ player. You know you see the modern D_V_D_ players'll just have um a menu button on the side and then four buttons around them and you can just kind of manoeuvre through the menu like that. Well it seems like I dunno it seems to me that we could just do the um stick with the rubber 'cause since we're probably gonna be using some kind of um rubber for the outside case we might as well stick with that um. Mm 'kay, um. We've already kind of covered this as well. That seems to be selling um and we we've more or less agreed that we want to kar target this youth market, um. Especially now with eighteen to thirty five year olds being such a large quantity of the population. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Okay. Um. Yeah alright, well, more or less covered what we need to cover I think fi an an any final thoughts before we think about doing the protot moving on to the prototype. Right. I was just gonna step on to um I wasn't? Oh, my bad um sorry. The um, yeah okay I was just gonna assign tasks in the next b anyth any oth any other final thoughts before we go ahead and cool? Um. Yeah. Well then again colours wouldn't be so hard to do, you could have uh a, you know, a um uh kind of a natural wood colour, like a stained wood and um, I don't know, olive green or something. That wouldn't be so much of a problem to incorporate into the colour of the thing. Yeah, I think that's probably a good id okay so let's work on uh multiple case colours. But yeah, stick with the same kind of kinda yeah, the same basic non-remote kind of remote design. Cool. Alright, so we'll have the next meeting about half an hour, um. I want the uh I'd like Nathan, I'd like you to work on just the basic look and feel, what can we accomplish, um, given these parameters that we're just gonna sort of have this kind of uh non-remote remote. Um, what are our broad constraints before we deve design a prototype. And um Ron if you can figure out how probably best to lay out this idea of this simple design with the voice recognition built in and also this kind of drop down or s on the side kind of menu options simple. Somehow work out how we can get this all s in the same place. Um, and if you can check product evaluation with m some pilots and stuff. Um I need you guys to work together on making a prototype, um using um prototype building materials um. And also um specific instructions will be sent to you by your coaches as well. So that's what to start with for now, is that alright, you guys feel clear about this? Alright. I guess we'll just hit the bricks. Thanks guys.