Alright. That's industrial design for cranes, stuff like that. Makes sense, makes sense. Uh Well let's see. I'm going to bore you with a couple of descriptions of the interior. Just to to make it more obvious what we have to fit in there, and that we do have to fit the stuff in there. I've more information on possible materials um as well. What we can and cannot do. Um but let's just wait for this to load up and I'll show you what we're talking about here. Okay. The details of the components' design, as you can see there, what we have is the board, main board of the remote control. The underside, that's pretty cheap piece of of technology really top left side you can see the chip, which is the, what we were talking about, this was is the device to recognise the signals the input, and it passes it on to a row of um further transistors and stuff like that on the right side that actually amplify the signal, which later on is being, is being transferred to a infrared lamp which then um of course shines infrared light onto the television which then will recognise what signal um it's getting and will do what you tell it. Um So much for the the workings of the of the uh remote control itself. Its job is to wait for you to press a key, then to translate that key press into infrared light signals, um that are received by the television. When you press a key um you complete a specific connection. The chip senses the connection and knows what button you pressed. It produces a morse code line signal specific to that button. Right. Pretty clear. Transistor amplifies the signal and then sends the m sends the signal to the L_E_D_ which translates the signal into infrared light. The sensor in the T_V_ can see the infrared light, and seeing the signal reacts appropriately. This is the circuit board from the other side. Um the lower part of it, I don't know if you can see that properly, with the green greenish board is is what we what we saw in the first the first slide just flipped over. Um you can see the circuit board itself. That's the cheapest uh way to make electronic connections basically on the market. Um what you do is you have, don't have cables, but you have the connections actually in these in these lines on the on the board. These are the actual keys that are being pressed. They close the electric circuit. That then sends the signal to the chip on the other side. That would be behind here. Um which uh sends it over to the transistors and all that stuff that amplify the signal and all that is being sent to the infrared lamp up there. Now as you can see this is the the rubber button version of it. Um the way it works is that you have the keys here. The rubber button has a little metal uh plate on the other side, which closes the circuit here. And thus gives on the signal. Now this is the simple version. Um we are talking um this this the simple and cheapest version at the same time. We are talking something more complicated of course, it's going to be more expensive as well. And not only that. Um we are also restricted in the use of our outer shell, or in the material that we could use for our outer shell. Um I've gotten some information that we could use for the case material plastic, rubber, as well. Um rubber that is used in these anti-stress balls. So it's pretty squishy. That would that would serve that purpose. Um we could also use wood, or titanium. Oh fya I don't have an information on that. However our company obviously can provide us with uh with the titanium, so I assume, I'm, I was given an okay to use it. It certainly is an expensive material, I'm aware of that, but I was given an okay. But there are certain restrictions to certain materials. Now let's first go through the list with the materials. So we what we can use is plastic, rubber, wood and titanium. Can also mix these. Um as for the energy source, um we were talking about that shortly in the other meeting. Um what we could use is, or what I was offered, or what we could use, is a basic bateer battery. Right? Uh a dynamo. Interestingly enough. Um we could use solar cells. Or a device that was not n not further specified that provides kinetic energy. Such as like watches you know. Where you just move them m move the the actual device and this pr uh provides it with with uh some energy. So um obviously I personally have to say that dynamo is out of the question really. You don't wanna wind up your remote control before you can use it right? Um solar cell is interesting. May fail though, every here and there. Mm. Yeah. Or you know you lose it, it lies behind the couch for a week and yeah mm. Always the you But exactly. Um the kinetic energy thing um might work, um but the same problem. You leave it lying around and you first have to shake it before it it starts to work. So I'd say what we're stuck with really is um the basic battery. Which also makes a base station basically obsolete. We don't need that then. Um However our interface options are push-buttons. In which uh in the production of which or in manufacture of which um our company is expert. Um However we've discussed that scroll wheels are a better option. And they are possible. We have an okay for scroll wheels. Okay. Um however when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod I've one big objection and that is that we have to fit an L_C_D_ into the remote control as well. This however may exclude certain um materials. If you have a squishy uh kind of remote control, then an L_C_D_ screen may be affected by the movement. Hence we might not be able to put it in there. So um There's also restrictions to, when it comes to the chip. If we have a more sophistic uh sophisticated scroll wheel rather than this very basic uh set-up that we that I've just presented, um the chip has to be more s more sophisticated and thus more expensive as well. I don't have any details to, when it comes to the cost but um it will be a significant difference. I'd rather say drop the titanium and therefore let's have a more sophisticated chip, but that's not up to me to decide really. So that's for the for the scroll wheel. Um it limits our choice and squishy is hip, so I'd say rather not go for for that. Let's see now. Um um solar cells cannot be used on a curved or latex um surface or um remote control. But obviously that's not our problem um since we have decided or against solar cells, I assume right? Or is anybody still alright. Alright. Uh which makes it very conventional but therefore traditional I assume. Um Um With the titanium um we cannot make it a curved design. We would just be able to make it flat and and um yeah a straight design pretty much. Which I assume would exclude uh some of the more sophisticated versions. You can have an L_C_D_ screen. Um but therefore no rubber will be used. Alright? So plastic yes, titanium yes, but this will of course influence the form. With plastic, as I understand it, you can use any form. Um latex is tricky. Or rubber and um and titanium also seems to be tricky when it comes to the form. So the way to go is if you want a scroll wheel you either make it flat and angular, uh add an L_C_D_ screen, and um then you can basically choose either plastic or titanium. Or wood even. Um if you wanna make it a particular shape, use plastic. Add an L_C_D_ screen, add a scroll wheel, that'll be fine. Or make it just push-buttons. Basically plastic gives you the b biggest variety of of options. Maybe not the nicest feel. Or not much originality really. With rubber we could uh sh pretty much shape it the way we wanted it, but we cannot add scroll wheels, and we cannot add an L_C_D_ screen. That's the tricky thing. S Certainly can be done yes. Um yeah. if that doesn't affect the functional side of it all. Like say just the underside or so then it can be done. I assume. Yeah. So The fruit design um How about um affecting the surface of the actual um remote control? Say we don't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously, but uh give it like the surface of an orange, banana, whatever. You name it. Just design-wise. Mm. Nice one. Mm. Well we we're supposed to stick to the company colours though, that's yellow and grey. So what have we, lemon, banana, is Grapefruit is what we'd go for, when it comes to the outer appearance perhaps. But mm. Well we have it banana-shaped already, kind of. So Right. I it's yellow. Well so why not add a couple of grey stripes and make it look like a banana? There you go. It could be an ape. Yeah. That's pretty much it. I informed you about the materials, what the interior has to look like, and what the limitations to certain materials are on there you go. Sure. Hang on. There you go. Well we can still design a two-piece uh remote um without having a base, having one of them be a base station, but just have it be an optional either big remote with lots of functions, or you take out the smaller piece. We can still do that. However of course this would be like designing two remotes pretty much. So um which then, as I understand it, would probably limit the, limit again the the the use of certain materials, because they would be too expensive. Say like have a scroll wheel and uh on both of them, or have an L_C_D_ screen and so on so on. You'd probably have to stick rather with a just traditional rubber button design which we saw there. But could be done, of course. Right. Okay when it comes to the chip-on-print, as I said, the the more advanced features you want, um the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive. Uh if you want just a normal button version, the chip-on-print is gonna be a cheap one. Right? Yeah. as long as the pla uh the rubber is nowhere near the controls, yes.. M more of a l lamination perhaps. Yes. It does. Right. Right.