Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'm Robin. I'm the Marketing Manager. Mm-hmm, okay. I dunno. Your microphone's just Yeah. I don't know. We can have have a whole menagerie. Right. Hello. Um I'm gonna go for the dog, and I'm gonna draw one badly as well. Uh. looks like it's going to be a dachshund or something. Right. There's my dog. Um I like dogs because they're very loyal. And they're always happy, so whenever whenever you're feeling sort of a bit a bit down or tired, they're always coming up and they're always um quite excited. So um you can always have a lot of fun with a dog. And they're also good for exercise as well. You can sorta get out and they they sorta never get tired. And and when they're tired they're quite cute as well, so. Okay, that's why I like dogs. Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I've Okay. Yeah. Um one of the things um we found from the market research is that people often get confused by the number of buttons on them as well. 'Cause there's quite often lots and lots. And um sometimes uh they sort of remote controls defeat their own purpose because you're sat in the chair and the remote is somewhere else in the room. So whereas in the past you'd have to get up to change the channel, now you have to get up to sort of pick up the remote. So so I don't we need to sort of maybe think about how um we could maybe uh develop a remote control which moves around the room. I don't know. That's that's maybe something for the future when you can talk to your television, but Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean we've done some research um about sort of you know what the cutting edge sort of hand held devices are, and a lot of them sort of use you know they're like they're like mini laptops. So it's possible that we could devise a system where where you're you're basically sort of holding a a miniature computer which is controlling all your your sort of your television, your stereo, and where you know if you buy a new thing then it sort of you can link it to that as well, maybe. Okay. If you just click return it should be okay. It'll get rid of the message. If you hit just hit return and it should get rid of the message. Oh you've got. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay cool. Okay cheers.