Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Should be just loading. Okay. Oh, although I can't see it on my screen. That says go here. Okay. I've been doing some research into the different components that we could use, um what's available to us f to actually make the remote control. Um, first of all we have to look at how the remote control is actually made, and what is it happens inside the casing, which is more your field. Um, thes main internal feature is a circuit board, which contains all the elec electronics and also the contacts with the power source. Which is not necessarily a battery, as we're about to see. Um, there are several components of, um, the circuit board that we need to consider, where we'll be getting them from, what they'll be made of. Um, including the integrated circuit, which is also known as the chip. Which is where all the main information is uh contained. Um, diodes, transistors, resonators, resistors, and capacit capacitors all need to be considered as well. Um, and all their positioning in the circuit. Uh, these, they're all different options, they're all separate, apart from the chip, which we will probable decide whether we buy a simple, a regular, advanced. We can go into that later. Um, all the other things are individual components that we'd have to get in separately, and work out the most, like, effective um circuit, including all the wires and everything like that. And the L_E_D_ of course, that's a light emitting diode. So, we could, so we've got flex flexibility with colours and things, with that as well. Okay, there are lots of different possibilities for the energy source. We could use a basic battery, but that brings with it, like they need to be recharged and the bulk, the size of it as well. And they're not so great to dispose of, environmentally. There's a hand-powered dynamo which is a sort of thing that was used for torches fifty years ago. A bit out of date. Kinetic energy is something that's been recently developed. Um, where you manually charge up the power. Like you wind up something. Sorry? Yeah. Every once in a while I think. But it's Yeah. It would be like going a step back in time. I don't think it would really be with kind of cutting edge technology. Whereas kinetic energy is a new idea that's being used by some watches and other devices, where you just shake the device and it gives it power. I mean, the kinetic energy is transformed into power to make the circuit work. Um, or there's solar power, which we've been considering inside a building, which is where it's gonna be used, might not be quite so useful. But, good to look into, renewable energy, always the way. Um, lots of considerations for the case, like what sort of shape it would be, curved or flat. That's got a lot to do with the ergonomics. Like how it's comfortable and s sits in the hand. We don't want something that's huge and you can't pick up. Or too small. Or too slidy. I know I've had a remote control before which you couldn't tell which was the front and the back, 'cause it had so many buttons on, and the shape was so symmetrical that I'd be pressing like a volume button instead of the on button. Because you can't really see which way round it is. Um, we also can choose what materials um, the we could use metal, we could use rubber which might be more um ideal for the anti-R_S_I_. It's like the same sort of rubber that's used in stress balls and things like that, so it's very like soft, not so stressful on your hands. Wood. Um, again, stepping back in time again there. I don't think that's quite up to date with what we're looking for here. Um, titanium is not gonna be possible, even though it just it beyond our budget really. But, would've been maybe for future projects. Um right our choice for buttons as well. We've developed some we've got some good advances in technology, with our research team have found some uh new multiple um option scroll buttons. I think that was brought up for, um, they're basically quite a flexible design, modern, you don't have to use individual buttons. You can just slide up and down. I'm sure we're all quite familiar with those on mobiles or computer laptop pads. Yeah. That's true. And that would lead to an advanced yeah. If we have yeah. We're going on to that later with the advanc with the L_C_D_ that means we'd need a really advanced chip. And it's unlikely that that's gonna be in our budget. Um, also we've got the integrated pushbutton, which is what we're most familiar with. It's the most straightforward. But you can in like incorporate that with a scroll button as well.. Got decisions to make there. And this is what I was just saying before. Linked in the different depends on what type of buttons we have and the inputs. Um simple would go with the pushbutton. Um, regular you could link with the scroll button. And the advanced we'd have to go with a L_C_D_ s display. My personal preferences? I think we could go for the kinetic energy source. I don't, I think that's quite um an advanced kind of technology. It's not been seen before, so it could be quite a, a novelty factor, attractive as well. And also energy saving 'cause you're producing the energy, you don't need an external sort of battery supply or solar panels. You just give it a shake. Sounds brilliant to me. Rubber casing I thing would probably the best, if we're going for the anti-R_S_I_ and like more choice with um aesthetics. Like it could be pretty much any colour we want. Um, and gives you, yeah, more flexibility there. And probably the regular chip as opposed to the simple, then we could possibly have the scroll and the push, but no L_C_D_, 'cause we probably can't afford that one. Mm-hmm. I think that would, uh there would be an in sort of more internal casing. And the rubber would just be the, what's in contact with the human. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe if the, um, if it was just kind of a, more of a rubber coating which was on to a case. So, it was kind of, the whole thing would be removable. Yeah. Like I can't think of what. Yeah. Or like an you can get sort of outer casing for iPods and something, that's just it's protective as well. It, it stops it, I mean, it would reduce the impact if it was dropped or something, as well, 'cause it wouldn't damage itself so easily. I think i maybe a mixture of both there, maybe. Yeah. And then yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As far as I know. It should be. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I thought that was Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like as a backup for something. Yeah. Yeah. Some alternative just in case something went wrong. That's true. I just thought of that. Yeah. Yeah. May maybe that could be the backup. Instead of a battery. Like solar backup. Yeah. I suppose s but some But thing is, it's not you don't need the solar all the time. It can be stored. It can be like you can have the solar energy and then it can store that energy and use it. It just needs to be in light for a certain amount of time per day. Like a few hours a day.. That's true. It could easily Yeah. I suppose it would be really annoying if you get to think, oh no, I forgot to charge my remote today. Like if the kinetic thing, I think what's best about that is that it's instant energy. You don't have to, you know, you can shake it a few times, or whatever. And it works. Yeah. Instead of you don't have to like make sure it's in the right place to charge and. K okay. Yeah. There we go. it wasn't on mine either. I don't know why. I think, I just, I just used the mouse on there. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. So I suppose sometime after you. Mm. I s I suppose where um mm on some buttons you would have like the power would be s some kind of symbol. And if you wanted to go onto teletext or, I know we're not having that, but I mean a similar thing, you, they have there's a like little picture with a screen with lines across it, which I suppose it's that sort of thing like the, the symbol on the button. But if we're having a simplified display anyway, w that, we probably won't have to focus so much on that. It'll be more the on the numbers and the volume. I suppose we need to think of symbols for like the volume, display, and stuff like that. I For inp Mm. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's in like the buttons with all the different like colours for different choices and things. It can be a bit, yeah, overwhelming. Yep. Oh. I'd assume, like, an internal light, that comes through. So there would have to, have to be some parts maybe transparent around the buttons, or something. Yeah, yeah. It should be able to mm-hmm. Li yeah. Mm-hmm. I think it would be possible. I don't think it would make that much difference. I mean, the uh the dimensions of it. 'Cause if it's just like constructed in the same way as like the front cover of a mobile phone. You can like take off the hard cover and then there's the like say the buttons. And then you get to the circuit. I don't think it would matter that the buttons were bigger through the, the top casing. I'm sure you could f work it out to fit in the casing, without causing too much difficulty. I'm sure that'd be fine. Okay. You're not plugged in yet. Mm. It is strange. Well We I think we possibly could take a more abstract design. Like look at the basic shapes of different fruits and vegetables. And then just really like strip it down to like really basic shapes. I mean we don't have to make something in the shape of a strawberry, but it could have the curves of a strawberry, or something. Or a strawberry seed or a leaf. Or just like you know really make it a quite abstract, if that's fits in more with what we're doing. Instead of fruits and vegetables, just if you look at it straightforward, it's a bit yeah. It doesn't s quite fit in with the trendy well, obviously it does, if that's the current theme. But may maybe we could go more directly, I don't know. But initially, I dunno. I think if we just sort of tone it down a bit. Yeah and like not, not yeah. Mm. Yeah. I didn't for the first one. But I have now. Yeah. Uh, hopefully. Project documents I think. Okay. 'Kay. Kinetic yeah. Are we going to have a backup? Or do we just I think maybe we could just go for the kinetic energy, and be bold and innovative, and hope this works, and well hope that it works. I think yeah. I think no. I, I think we should just like take uh advantage of like using this to its full potential. Go for it. It could be fully kinetic energy. Yeah. Is everyone happy with that? Yeah. Um, it was whether we went for the simple, the regular, or the advanced chip. And that linked in with what buttons we would gonna have, so Yeah, it was so that was without the L_C_D_. So that means we're not doing the advanced. So it depends on whether we wanted the scroll buttons or just the push buttons. Uh, so that's the simple. Yeah possibly. So, it's probably gonna be the regular chip that we're going to need. So it's a medium. So regular chip. Regular sorry. Regular chip. Lighting. Yeah if we because of the lighting that we've decided to put in as well. So th I think this is just like gonna be the a very outer case, which we will decide on rubber. Rubber. Yeah. Plastic rubber coat. Interchangeable, yeah. Still going for that. Yeah. Your screen? Was it Ouch. The power. Volume. May yeah. Tone, contrast, and things. That's a bit Yeah, it was minima well, it wasn't the l Yeah. That would be good. Yeah, and surely that would be like quite specific to the individual television, so Mm. I think most of that comes like on the i individual television set itself, doesn't it? I'm sure it has its own buttons, so you don't necessarily need to have it on remote. Yeah. So we're just going for power, channels, volume, Mm. I've Yeah, that's it. We can just go for, make it a selling point that it is just the basic. Yeah uh I brilliant. Mm-hmm. Okay. Um, I just have one question about the whole fruit and vegetable aspect. Are we seeing as that was the most popular thing that came up out of your market research, I thi I think we should keep to that rather than moving to animals or something, because even if that may not seem obvious to us, if that's what the surveys brought out, I think that we should probably go along with that. Um, so I suppose that'll come out in our dev design development. But you're happy to go ahead with the fruit and veg? Y Yeah. We can have a look at those ideas, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tricky. A lot of things to consider. Hm. Okay. Okay. Thank you.