Yes. Yeah, I do. Uh not really meant to touch those microphones. Oh it doesn't have any on, does it? That's fine. Uh it definitely needs uh a lot more research on like how much more it would be and any, you know, existing examples, and what reactions to them have been, and that sort of thing. Yeah, press them. Yeah, here we go. Can I not just uh do each one in order? That? That? That? Right, technical functions design. Uh well I think first off, basically I do agree with what Sarah has defined as as uh your personal preferences,yeah. I think we need uh a more streamlined volume with no extraneous functions. So my method was to look at the existing remotes and what functions they have. And what we all need to discuss is whether we want these functions uh pretty much the same as what existing remotes have. If we can build on this with the speech recognition, that's not something I'd thought about at all, but it's also something we can discuss. Um and and I presume we can miss out the functions really to to a video or D_V_D_ remote control, if this is only gonna be a, you know, satellite, cable, T_V_ remote control. So these are two models of existing remote controls. Uh the one on the left seems to be a fairly uh standard universal remote control. It has fast-forward, stop, play, all relating to movies. It also has seems to have channel up and channel down, which is which is more what you'd expect from a, you know, like a Sky or cable remote control where you've got hundreds of channels instead of a merely terrestrial one. Uh but I think we should be looking more along the lines of the one on the right, which has it also has play, stop and pause and everything, I don't think we need them at all. I think we just need channel selection, volume up, volume down and I think an an enter function where you can access it's not like teletext, but along the same lines, access things on the screen. Uh not related to the internet one that you mentioned, because that'd be far outside our budget and what we want this to do. So it really exceed the requirements, 'cause the requirements really are just want to be able to change channels and functions, which is more a text on the screen thing than uh than actual buttons o I was thinking something some smooth, sleek, little remote control with big user-friendly buttons and uh a menu that you can access. Uh but then I do think we need to discuss the speech um recognition possibility. No. But we could go back to the pictures of the uh, what're they called? The pictures of the remote controls and possibly discuss what we think about them, but maybe should hear what Kate has to say first. Okay then. Definitely less cluttered and I mean but still it's Sorry I was just I'll just uh resume something else I was gonna say. The the style of these is terrible. I I I really think we need to uh not only possibly even materials, like the type of plastic used, but everything including size and shape of buttons, positioning of buttons, the actual shape of the hand-held device, colours, just every e yeah, everything to do with this has to be revolutionised. But So that's that for now. Whoop. Isn't that your job? Oh right. Yeah. It does it does seem as if we're just to do something really simple and mass-produced, the which is pretty much the same as these existing models, just maybe a little bit more inspired, but basically just the same. Although what what uh suddenly came into my head is, you know how they always take two A_A_ batteries which which is really not very efficient at all. Could it be possible to have uh, you know, like a rechargeable internal battery, like, well, like an M_P_ three player does? With that you could jus or a mobile phone or whatever. You could you know, you just plug into a power source for a couple of hours, and then it's recharged for ages and ages and ages, and you don't have to worry with replacing A_A_ batteries, which are You'd never need uh batteries would y uh yeah. And it's not stuck down the back of the sofa. But then again I d I don't know if this is within our price range or not. Well it is just so annoying how No, but just a rechargeable internal battery would probably I mean it might cost more to at first to develop and to install, but for long-term use it'll be so much more convenient and economic than fiddling around trying to replace chunky A_A_ batteries and not having any in your kitchen drawer and you know f Mm. Sort of have its little dock that you could put it in. Still I don't know if it's quite within our price range. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably more what it is. We're not gonna get any resolutions by the end of the day, are we? Yeah. Sorry, I was miles away. I was re I was reading the chart to be honest. Who's got an iPod then? Yeah, things like screen settings and audio settings, I would generally do them on the actual television itself, like here you have a you know, a little flap th with a little control panel on the actual box itself. I I wouldn't know how to do it using a remote control, so um I would say that they are definitely less relevant. Yes. We didn't come to any sort of decision on the functions though. Alright, well that's fine then. Mm. Sorry, what what actually are these is that the yellow and black? From their I'll just use it from their website. Okay.