Did you send it? Okay. Great. We only use ten per cent of our brains. yeah. Do we really need t to provide more information on what R_S_I_ is? Yeah, I'm just trying to move it. 'Kay. I think it should be there, working design. 'Kay. Uh I didn't get a chance to complete this one, 'cause some of the tools that I was given were frustrating. Uh okay, so method method of our design, I think I just start listing th some of the things that we actually need to put into this. We need a power source, we're gonna need a smart chip if we're gonna make it multi-functional. Um extra functions will probably need an additional chip. Either that or the smart chip will have to be extremely smart. Usually a smart chip is just a chip that's been programmed and designed so that it can complete a fair range of functions. I wouldn't think so, 'cause we could probably get it from like, in bulk, from a a newer company. And they tend to sell their chips pretty cheap. Um yep, nothing here. Um power source, I figured, batteries, 'cause they're easily available. Typically a remote has either two double A_s or four triple A_s, sometimes three. Uh it really kinda depends on the size of the actual remote itself. Um a large on-off button, demographically we're moving towards an older generation of people, so a large on-off button would probably be good. Selection button for various entertainment devices, so you want something that will permit you to select the D_V_D_ player or the T_V_ or the stereo system. Um smart chip that perverts uh that permits, sorry, universal application again, something that'll allow us to skip over between devices, and that's kinda it. Uh this is my fifty second design. Power source over here. We're gonna have a switch obviously between the power source and the rest of it, and you're gonna need the switch. Um extra bulb could just be for flashiness, um subcomponent which would be like a way of diverting the power to different parts of the the device. Um the chip and of course the infra-red bulb, so it can communicate with the various devices that it needs to talk to. This is just like a rough schematic. So this is the internal workings. Yeah. Yeah, so you don't have to stare at that infra-red, 'cause you know when the battery starts dying in your remote currently, you have to actually stare at that bulb and go, okay, when I push this button, is it working? We can skip that whole thing. Yep. So you can put it in the dark. Yeah, that's it. I think that that's a good idea, because you know that's one of the most important buttons. Okay. You can also get the kind of the T_V_ guide so It's the entire screen is just running information at random. Seemingly. Okay. So, do we have to include the company colour within that? Mm well, even if we kept the regular standard size of remote, if we reduced the buttons down to the ones that people are saying that they use the most often and a couple extra, 'cause they're saying they only use ten per cent of them, then we should be able to accommodate fairly decent sized buttons. Most of them will intuitively pick it up though. how 'bout little to no, because there is no way that you are gonna be able to make it no. Do we want this thing to be able to be found easily? And like if this is gonna get lost underneath the coach, how are we going to accommodate the quick ability to find it? What if we gave it a charger? And on the charger, just like a phone, like you get a portable phone and it's got a charger, and if you d leave your phone somewhere, you push the button to find it, and it finds th the phone beeps for you. It's useful for the remote phone. Yeah. Rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually. Yeah. I think people would find that too foreign. It's when we get satellite. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause I don't have any material pricing information available to me at the moment, so R_ the double R_. Or is the l Yeah, yellow could be and it could doesn't have to be huge. Mm-hmm. I had something, but I forgot.