Right w welcome to the the first meeting of uh Real Reaction's uh um development meetings for our our new television remote control. Uh this follows our very successful entry into the the consumer market over the last year or so um which we want to to build on, taking advantage of the uh the the latest developments in in technology and the uh the latest uh uh feelings in in consumer design and and demand and uh we want to make this the the very best product th that's possible for everybody, uh one that everybody wants, uh at a good price for the consumer and at a good price for the company. Uh and to that end we need all to work together uh to do that. Um and uh b in no particular order because ev everybody is uh just as vital to this project um I'll just go round th the table, Andrew, marketing, um m Kendra with the uh um designing the the the User Interface uh uh and Kate with the the industrial design. Um. What's uh the the th th project is is here to do, is is to to get this this project up and moving, ev everybody is is free to uh say wh whatever they want, uh everybody has a contribution to make and uh everybody feel free to interrupt me at any time to to say what you want to say. Um in in terms of the immediate meeting the uh um everybody knows everybody else, everybody's worked for the the company for a while, if if an anybody feels that they need to say more about themselves please do, if if if anybody wants to b briefly give their their background so that everybody's quite clear what everybody uh uh everybody's experience is please do so. Uh in fact I'd I'd I'd welcome anybody to uh say something briefly about themselves, in fact we will do that by by going round the table quickly and and saying what what contribution you you're looking to make. So we'll start with Andrew. Right Kendra. Right at least means you haven't got any preconceived ideas so. Yep, good. Okay, very very quickly, um this I don't want to make this meeting too structured because the the whole idea is that it's a um you know a think tank. Everybody says what they what they want to say, uh and we don't want to be constrained by uh kind of convention or uh uh slides on screens or or anything else um but um briefly um th th this is what we want to do. The the remote control needs to be original, there has to be something about it that uh other remote controls don't have so that as soon as people see it they think um yes that's different, uh I want one, um and that goes along with being trendy, uh uh you know the I want it uh scenario. User-friendly as as we all know, remote controls can be uh uh very user-unfriendly so we want to make ours one that people can pick up and think oh yes that's it's obvious how that works, uh and they also want to look at the price and think oh yeah that's something that I may not need another remote control but uh it's such a nice one I'm gonna have one. And last but not least, or indeed first of all, it it must make the company money, and we make the company money by producing what the consumer wants. The uh the further work to be done is i the um the functional design, uh what it uh what it must actually do, the uh conceptual design, uh how we actually present that to the consumer and th the the detailed design i is uh how we get that into production. Uh now th the main design tool that we have available to us at the moment is is the white board and uh uh let us very quickly do what i what it says in the in the in the prompt slide here, um In fact I suggest to avoid everybody untangling themselves from the uh the the wires, that we don't do that, um So I I everybody knows what whiteboard is so we'll um uh we'll do a virtual drawing on the on on the whiteboard of of your your own uh uh favourite animal, but le let's go round the table, your favourite animal. Mm and why? Uh-huh. Oh right uh my my wife says my beard looks like a badger's arse 'cause of the the white streaks in it. Kendra. Uh-huh. Right, okay. Uh-huh, fair enough yeah. I'm not sure that I've got any favourite animal to be quite honest, I think homo sapien because of their their uh overall ability to uh uh Sorry? Indeed absolutely yes, tha that's um Okay and uh w we need to keep in mind here that the uh we want to sell this for for twenty five Euro um, we want to m make an overall profit for the the company of fifty million Euros so we're we're looking at selling a lot of these um ag across the the entire planet and and we're looking at a gross profit of fifty percent. It needs to cost twelve Euros fifty to make. Um so we're not only looking at a a very trendy original product, we're looking at making it at a very good price. Um, okay, um would anybody like t like to to start by giving their o um sort of quick views of of current remote controls. No. Any any thoughts about buttons or any oth other way of approaching the p the uh the problem? Or anybody else, strong feelings about remote controls? Are there you know, bad ones they've used or good ones they've used or ones that they've lost and never found again? Um what so wh what's in in what particular style features are you thinking about? Uh-huh.. Yeah d no I mean do you think there's a risk if it doesn't look like remote control, people won't see it as a remote control um and uh Uh-huh. Any other thoughts about um th the physical appearance of a of remote controls? I mean th the thing that i immediately comes to mind is computer mouses which um I mean y you get all sorts of shapes in the shops and s you know some quite fancy ones um than the some from personal experience which look nice but aren't particularly comfortable. Um any thoughts about buttons or flat screens or uh uh Yes, I mean the only thing is if if you're watching television in a in a a darkened room um you need to be able to uh fi find the button buttons easily. Yeah, that's uh must admit I don't think I've ever seen one with concave buttons, that's uh certainly be different. Um do we need it to uh I can't think of any re remote controls that I know of that actually light up at all. Do we do we want uh Yeah. Okay. So, Andrew have you had any thoughts yet about how we might market something which there are already millions out there and that we want to uh uh uh t take over the entire um the planet with? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah, yeah, well I d I think an any uh any facets that we identify w we aim need to aim for for all of. Um okay well first thoughts on um the the industrial design side. Indeed. Yeah. Okay, and um colours, materials? Kendra, anyone?. Yeah. Uh-huh. Right. Yeah. Okay that's uh Again I don't think that's ever been done before, it's uh the sort of the sort of thing that would get people uh thinking yes that's something that I haven't got and uh might need so. Uh Andrew, any thoughts about uh how we might market interchangeable fronts on on the remote control? Yeah. Yeah. I think Mm-mm. Right, okay I think we've got um a good idea now. We uh meeting is uh Needs to be k uh wrapped up fairly quickly. So uh um we've got thirty minutes to start looking at the um at the design in more detail. Um then we'll we will reconvene in in thirty minutes and try to get some of these ideas uh uh more formalised. Uh thank you very much indeed.