Du Uh we yes s I've lo I've done the role that I was asked to do anyway. I think. Slide show. Just press the arrow keys I think. Usually goes to it. Is is it j just just just using it yeah. A repetitive strain injury. Just repetitive strain injury. I think. That's what I guess. Yeah. Having just listened to what Corinne just said, I'll draw on some of the things as well. Some things that sort of relevant to what I wanna say. 'Kay so I'm just gonna yeah approach the technical functions design. Um the method I used was to explore the uh technical functions of a remote control. And t s simplest approach that I came to is is to change, programme and operate an electronic device remotely. I mean that's an obvious thing to say, but it's not attached to the device that you want to control. Um I had some things sent to me. Not very much. To look at similar devices. Um defined in some them. And then the personal preferences that I will suggest. Um we discussed a universal one. Um like it's just been brought up again then. But I think a universal remote control is actually quite a difficult object to design, and po possibly within maybe the budget that we do it, um because you'd need to know all the spef specifications of a all the like electronic companies. I'm not sure have you ever come across a universal remote control yourself, but you have to i they're a nightmare to use. You have to set them, reset them to everything. Um and that would only add buttons. Whereas I think the aim is to take away buttons. So I think it'd be better maybe to concentrate on maybe just a universal one for T_V_s. Um or maybe just one that you could we could design and then different people, manufacturers could use it to set to their specifications, if if the aim is to get something that's unique in design. Um Okay here here's just two pictures of remote controls. They're just simple T_V_ remote controls. But one is uh user-centred. That is the one on the left. And you can straight away see there's less buttons. And the other one is engineer-centred where that's more uh specified for the sort of the elaborate piece of equipment it's trying to control um which appeals more to the product that we want, and on what the have said and the market research and stuff probably looking at something that should be user-centred. Fewer buttons, simpler to use, and if ten percent um is hidden away if ten percent is what's used, maybe the other fifty percent, the buttons that are used very rarely like programming, they could be hidden maybe under some remote controls you might have come across have maybe a little flip thi thing where they're hidden away. And the main buttons are the ones you or the ones you come across. Um and finally, um uh sort I've sort of covered that, our product I think should be user interface orientated. Um Like I said to concentrate on T_V_ remote control, a universal remote might be too complex. Um and as what it, the major findings market researchers have said, it's the image and the appearance that people di dislike. So that we should concentrate on something that would set a trend. And then and change the fashion of remote controls. And that's it. On something on the image of it. Uh the f the actual design. I think speech recognition was uh one of those things where um they have to be really good for them to work. 'Cause sometimes you find yourself just saying things over and o if it's on your phone. And you need to sort of take into light languages and then different dialects I suppose as well. Yeah. Yeah. And wou I don't know if would would you want to keep saying stuff if you were watching stuff. If you were watching something would you sort of be wanting Yeah. I think As well it'd be j the gimmick factor for the younger people. But practically I don't think it's Yeah. It'll wear off. Do you wanna put your cord back in? I did have have a thought about the sort of the tracking thing. Is that if it came with maybe a holder or holster, whatever you wanna call it. Um that you you should put it back in. Your remote. But if you don't put it back in, you press something like a little button on that, and that just sort of sends out a beep to find where it is or something. Just by infrared. That shouldn't be too complex I would've thought. Yeah it would be quite good. The ball could sit on a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll yeah I'll have a look, try look at the actual appearance in the next break. I th I I do still think it needs to be something that is ultimately one-handed. The ball is probably not a good idea. And even something that's held like that might be difficult. So that I think it still has to be a variation. On maybe a a rect on a rectangle but maybe not necessarily as boring, as plain as a rectangle. D I don't know if that might cope with like the trend-watching. I find anything more on that. Yeah. Bottom perhaps yeah. You I mean it might be to look at sort of the the shape and trend of like things like mobile phones, and the shapes that the they've been going. They've gone from big brick block things, which is a remote control is, to sort of slinky small things. Yeah. Yes s To the thumb yeah. Maybe the buttons could like uh decrease in s the bigger ones you know they could actually be bigger in size than the ones that are less important, the smaller here. Yeah. Behind. Definitely. just like o on a sort of side view. Something that you know it would sort of fit in the hand better. So you know you just sort of have your hand Yeah. Right on the and your thumb would be up here type thing. Yeah that's also true. instantly sort of always going for the right-handed person. But I mean the older so Right-handed, yeah. I mean I'm just just thinking maybe if it was um circular um with the sort of that sort of the sort of early idea we had, with the way that was more like that, whereas this is just a one-handed thing that you sort of almost wrap round the thumb. So you'd have your, you'd put your hand into there with the thumb there. And then your thumb would do you'd have all the buttons sort of round here. And that I think could work. On any hand. If you just had it like wrapped round there. Left or right. Minimise its size. It could be you know really quite small. Yeah. Zapping functions. Yep. Yeah. How well it'll work yeah. Yeah.