You may have to do the function F_ eight thing. Oh, okay. Hi, I'm Genevieve. I'm the Marketing Expert. I'm an expert at marketing. Um, I'll be telling you guys about the user requirement specifications for our new product. Um, I'll be doing some trend-watching in the conceptual design, and product evaluation for the design phase. Yeah. Thank you. We have moose too. Uh-oh, we have a good artist. Oh, very shapely. Oh. Tara or Tara. That's Pinocchio. Alrighty. I feel like a robot. Okay. Um, well I guess I had the most time to think about it. I'm going to draw a butterfly, because I saw a butterfly yesterday, that seemed to be like the symbol of Spring arriving. And it was actually the prettiest butterfly I've ever seen out in the wild, and I though that was pretty cool in Scotland. It was like, well it was a little pointier than that. At first I thought it was a dead leaf. And then it landed on the wall next to me. But this part was all brown and then it has these big blue dots like this. And then it kinda there was a green, I think it was a green ring, and there was like red going out like this. Yeah, it kinda was actually, 'cause it was This part of the body was really dull, and then it was the most colourful exotic butterfly ever, and I'm like, wow this is the middle of Scotland in like March. So I thought that was pretty cool. And it landed by a wall and let me look at it for about two minutes. I wish I'd had my camera. So that's gonna be my favourite animal because after all the snow it seemed to say that like Spring is finally here. Yeah. There you go. Uh, what do we Oh. Yes I do. Okay, so we'll have a hundred percent profit then? Twelve fifty. Okay. I find that in the dark it's often hard to know what button you're pushing. Um Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. There's some remote controls where there's kind of a hidden panel, so all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming or something. That's useful. So you just have like the number buttons, power button, T_V_ video button. Could be shaped like a conch, you know. Be like a shell-shaped remote.. Interface? Oh, industrial. Marketing Expert.