Okay. Um welcome to our second meeting. This is the functional design meeting. And I hope you all had a good individual working time. Okay, let's get started. Okay, here's the agenda for the meeting. After the opening um I am going to fulfil the role of secretary, take the meeting minutes. And we're gonna have three presentations, one from each of you. Then we're gonna discuss some new project requirements. Um gonna come to a decision on the functions of the remote control. And then we're gonna close up the meeting. And we're gonna do this all in about forty minutes. Okay. First I want to discuss the goals of this meeting. First we need to determine the user requirements and the question that we can ask ourselves is what needs and desires are to be fulfilled by this remote control. And then we're going to determine the technical functions, what is the effect of the apparatus, what actually is it supposed to do, what do people pick up the remote and use it for. And then lastly we're going to determine its working design, how exactly will it perform its functions, that's the whole technical side of 'Kay I'll just give you a minute, 'cause it looks like you're making some notes. 'Kay. Oh, well let's go ahead and, back, previous. So what I wanna do right now is hear from all three of you, on your research that you just did. Who would like to start us off? 'Kay. Okay. Um do you have a PowerPoint or no? Okay. Oh. Save it in the project documents. Okay. Mm-mm-mm. This one? Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. Ready. Alright. Very good presentation. Thank you. You speak with such authority on the matter. Okay. Who would like to um follow that one up? Now, that we've discussed Okay. Do you want me to run it or you wanna Okay. Functional requirements. 'Kay. Alright. Now we have Courtney with the functional requirements. Okay, what do you m Oh, I'm sorry. What do you mean by um the current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user, like they have to press the buttons. Okay. Oh, right. The buttons. Okay. Yeah. Okay. It works. Ready for the next slide? Hmm. It's okay. It's very important. Could be, yeah. Oh. I think that's a pretty good guess though. Yeah. It's okay. Okay. Next slide? User-friendly. And so just to just to clarify by speech recognition you mean they would say, channel five, and the thing would go to channel five? Okay. Oh, that'd be lovely. Didn't they um didn't our rival companies manufacture a remote that you would press the button on the T_V_ and it would the remote would beep so if you have lost it Mm. Oh, yeah, that's true. We could definitely include that if we wanted to. If it's within our price. Okay. Are we ready for our last presentation, Amber? Okay. There we go. 'Kay. Oh my bad. Okay. Ready? That's okay. Hmm. So this would be the front? So the red would be the front of the remote though, right? Okay. The l the light up kind of Yeah. Hmm. It'd probably be lighting up the key too, right? 'Kay. The buttons. Okay. Yeah, definitely. 'Kay nex R Ready? 'Kay, any p 'Kay? Anything you wanna add for personal preferences though, you f you said already that we needed a large on-off button, you think. Anything else? Okay. Mm. Okay. Okay, let's talk about all of our We'll come to decision later about all the components that we need to include, let's um wrap up this one, and I'm gonna go back to my PowerPoint, 'cause we need to discuss the new project requirements which you might've already seen flashed up on the screen a bit earlier. Wait, come back. Alright. Sorry, let's go through this. Alright. Here we go. New product requirements. First it's only going to be a T_V_ remote. We're trying not to over-complicate things. So no D_V_D_, no TiVo, no stereo. It's not gonna be multi-functional. Hey. And we th need to promote our company more, so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote. We're trying to get our name out there in the world. Okay. And you know what teletext is? in States we don't have it, but um it's like they just have this channel where just has news and weather, kind of sports, it's very um bland looking, it's just text on the screen, not even Yeah, just black with just text. Yeah. Kind of. Yeah it's the whole screen. So anyway Right. Right. But it's becoming out-dated now, because of the Internet. Nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news, and we have twenty four hour news channels now too, so Those are our new product requirements. Alright. Mm-hmm. Yes. It's part of the logo. Okay. What we're going to do right now is come to some decisions, definitive that we can all agree on, about um the target group and the functions and just definite things that we need to do and then we'll close up the meeting. So. Alright. Whatever. Okay. So our target group is You mentioned um older people? Would it just be universal for everyone, you think? Because I think even if something has large buttons, as long as they are not childishly large, like even technically non-technically challenged people are gonna use it. I mean they want something user-friendly, so Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so we want um for our target group would we say, I mean, young and old, all age ranges, all um, not kids obviously, right? Or kids? Okay, so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range Um what about technic technical um specifications, like how how technically literate are these people who are going to be using our remote? Okay. Right, okay. So so they need no technical experience to operate Okay. And we also need to determine the specific functions of this, just to get it all out on paper. So we said it needs to send messages to the T_V_, needs to change the channel, turn on and off, just basic simple stuff like this. So if you have something just say it and we'll add it to my meeting minutes. Mm-hmm, volume. Right. And we wanna keep um I'll make a note here that we wanna keep the number of buttons down. Correct, because people only use ten percent. 'Kay. Hey, what else? Um. I think so. What do you A finding kind of device or Yeah, ho homing device. Mm 'kay. Okay. Right. Hmm. Would that add to our costs at all, I wonder? Right. Okay. I I think we can make a decision about that later. Uh we'll still put that as a point that we need to discuss. So that would include battery source Power source rather. Is it going to have a charger, or is it going to be run strictly off batteries? And we also need to deal with the issue you mentioned of speech recognition, if we want that. Mm. You could um we could hook it up. Oh. Mm-hmm. And if and if we introduced it when they're this age, they're going to probably always buy a remote that has Right. Yeah. and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device, too. If we said, find remote, locate remote, or something. A certain phrase then it could beep. I dunno. Just throwing it out there. Well Okay, anything else we wanna discuss? Um. How how, yeah, how would you leave those out? Unless you could say the channel. Yeah, that's true. And also remember that in this day in age we need, you know, like a hundred button, too. I used to have a remote that did not even go up past like fifty. So I couldn't whenever I got cable, I had to get a new T_V_. Mm. get your own remote, or digital cable. 'Kay. Um. I guess, we're gonna discuss the project financing later, making sure that we can fit all of the stuff that we want to on our budget. Um. 'Kay. And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo. I'm guessing. And the R_R_. We could just have the logo in yellow, or maybe a yellow light for the keys. Right. So we've simplified, we don't need all those um play, fast-forward, rewind, or no menu buttons. So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off, volume, mute, channel up and down, um the numbers Yeah. Um can we go back to I'm gonna look really quickly back at those examples and see if there is anything. Which one is yours, technical functions or functional requirement? Okay. The T_V_. I think that that's fine just for the T_V_. I mean how often does the average user need to do that kind of stuff? Hmm. Couldn't we do that all through one button, something, a menu button, that pops up with a menu on the T_V_ that says, you know, audio, video, whatever, language, you know? For the menus. That's true. Something that looks mayb you know. Y right, right right right. That one? Right. In the middle perhaps. Yep. good. Anybody have anything else they'd like to bring up in this meeting? Okay. get out of here. Let's go back to the meeting closure then and see what we need to do next. Mm. Alright. After this meeting we're gonna be sent a questionnaire and summary again which we need to reply to that e-mail. And then we're gonna have lunch break. And after lunch thirty minutes of individual work time. Um I'm gonna put the minutes I put the minutes for the first meeting already in the project documents folder, if you'd like to review them. And I'm gonna type up the minutes for this one as well. Um here's what we're each going to do. The I_D_ is going to work on the components concept, um U_I_D_ the user interface concept, and you're going to do some trend watching. 'Kay. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. And if anybody has anything they would like to add? No? Okay, well, this meeting is officially over. Thank you all.