Okay. Right. Okay. Alright. Is everyone here? Okay. This is our conceptual design meeting. And I'll just take a few minutes and uh go through the previous minutes. Um then each of you will have your presentation, um and then we will need to make a decision on the concept for the remote control. And then we'll have uh forty minutes for finishing up. Um I'll go through the mee through the minutes first. Um, we just refreshed our our uh goal of making the finest remote control available. Um we decided that, or we know that we need to use company colours, company logo. Um and our Marketing Expert uh gave us some i uh information from interviews with a hundred different remote users. Um with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before. People thought their remotes were ugly, um um that remotes zap a lot. Um they only use uh a finite amount of buttons. Um and that they often lose the it's easy to lose a remote. Um which were all things we were thinking we would wanna make it simple. Um And uh some sort of locator. Either a button or tracking device. Um And that it should look different than what's out there. Um Kind of mixed mixed response on the speech recognition. The younger people said they wanted it, older people did not. Um uh I think we decided that um the expense was not necessarily worth it, and that it was probably a gimmick, that um would increasingly wear on the consumers' nerves. Um Then the User Interface Designer um explored some of the technical functions of the remote. Um the simple versus the um the complex. The simple one being better for a user, the complex better for an engineer. Um Um and some personal preferences that were found in that would be that it should be a user-oriented remote, something simple. Um and that we didn't wanna go with a universal remote, because uh increasing cost and increasing complexity. Um we would just have a T_V_ remote. Um and that we should also focus on the appearance of the remote. Have it s be something that looks different. And finally our um Industrial Designer uh gave us a rundown of how the remote will work. Um from energy source, um uh what we would use. Batteries because we don't wanna have a a cable. Um How that would power the remote and the lamp. If we were to to have one. Uh um the user interface then would connect to a chip, which would work with the infrared controls uh to send the signal to the T_V_. Um I believe then we came up with a couple of ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be. Um Um something that will fit into uh easily into someone's hand. And with a, just a few buttons. Just the basics. And with a scrolling um function also. Okay and I will leave that, leave it at that. So Marketing? We're watching trends. I suppose that you can have this. A banana shape? So possibly like a uh, sorry, just to butt in for a second. Possibly uh like a cover like they have for mobile phones? You have one with a flag, and one with a banana and one that's a spongy feel to it. You can Mm various covers. We could leave that to the cover department. We all know they've got nothing to do all day. Notice the giant dog bone shape? Also good for animals. What's the approximate per hundred thousand for the titanium? Works well in Arizona but in Edinburgh not so No I think I think batteries are probably the way to go. Yeah. So the ru wait the rubbery we can shape it however we want? Or the rubbery we cannot? 'Kay. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Is that an option, a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots? What about a smell? T to the remote? Yellow and grey. Grapefruit. I would say, if I were to make a decision, I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower lower end of the spectrum of of importance. Um Well perhaps the implied shape will be enough to lure that fruit-minded remote buyer. It's it's yellow. It's curved. It's sort of couple of couple of grey stripes. We could put the grey stripes on the bottom so that that person could turn it over. It would look like a banana just sitting on their table. Rather than rather th Maybe the holder, if we were to have a holder, it could be shaped like a fruit. Could be, it could be an ape or a fruit bowl. Hey we could have a variety of options here. Do you have more to your presentation? Oh. Okay. I'm gonna plug in here real quick. If I could. Like I said we have to make a decision on a couple of these items here. Um ow. Ow. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh so these are the decisions that we do need to make by the end of this meeting. Um for our components concept we need to come up with the energy source, um the chip-on-print, and the case. Probably case um material. And probably a shape also. Um and then for the user interface concept we need to decide what the tape, what, what the type is. And what kind of supplements we'll have. Um Energy source I think we've, I think we've decided batteries, although not exciting, are probably our best bet. And we have five minutes. 'Kay. So Um I guess we should pick the case then. If we go with the plasticky case, or the the plastic case, um then the chip-on-print is still kind of, we could have either or. We could have a complex one or a a non-complex. But did we decide that the rubbery feel was important enough to us?. Okay. So we would, we would have the L_C_D_ screen? 'Kay. So I guess the case would be plastic, with Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it. It's more of a su it's more of a supplement maybe. Which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right? 'Kay. So I guess that, is that, is that about it? So we have a good idea of what we're gonna need to to do on this? Um okay so we will have another meeting in thirty minutes. Um Here's what's gonna be going on. Um Um Ryan you'll be working on the user interface design. Um Manuel you'll be working on the look-and-feel design. Corrine we'll want a product evaluation. And the two of you get to play with the uh modelling components and uh maybe and and get us a prototype. Which should go along well with your look-and-feel design and your interface. So that basically just be working on the prototype, uh we'll accomplish your other two actions. Alright. Okay. Let's do it.