Uh it fell off. One, two, three, four, yeah, we're ready. Okay. Welcome to this second meeting. Um it's now quarter after twelve and we're given forty minutes um for this meeting. This is a meeting on functional design. Um and I wanna welcome you all and thank you all for doing some research in between. Um I did took the minutes from the first meeting and I'll show them to you in a moment. Um I know each of you have a presentation and um in thinking about the forty minutes, I thought it would take only like three minutes for the previous minutes, um each of you having about seven minutes or maybe a little more, maybe a little less for your pre presentations and a little discussion, because there's I happen to have been told there were some new project requirements and we have to make some uh decision on what functions it will have. Okay? Is this ap everybody agree with this? Okay. Um and after the meeting there'll be things to be done and as you can see it says we get to get lunch, um and then some more individual work and then putting minutes away and individual actions. Um but uh now for the minutes of the first meeting. And go to that one. Um as you can see it was this earlier today. Um Kate, Steph, Sarah and myself in our four capacities were present. I opened the meeting, the product was developed uh and reviewed, and we talked about the financial end of it. Um and it had some implications, um the four million sales target and new ideas of not too many buttons, bright colours and some of the influence of the Japanese. And we closed early so you could then proceed with your research and getting your reports together for tod this meeting Anybody have any questions on those minutes? Are they complete, did they discuss everything that we covered last time? 'Kay. Did I miss something? Yeah. I'm afraid I incorporated that when I said who was present, but yes, we did, and we did a little bit of uh team building of uh of making the pictures, but I didn't think those were appropriate to the minutes necessarily. So um as a group I think we've are they're accepting the minutes. And uh okay. Yeah. Good. Um, then we'll move to the three presentations. Okay? Okay. Mm we need to move this. Who wants to go f first? That's as far as it goes. She said we didn't need to screw it in. It's doing its thing. There we are. Now in between, as the Project Manager, they sent me an email from the powers that be um that teletext is outdated um and the internet is coming in as important, but that they want this remote control to only be for T_V_ um with incorporating the corporate image, colour and slogan. Mm. Hmm. Okay. Mm. Is that a large enough target market to target it? In real numbers, does the ninety one percent and the seventy six percent translate to ex in excess of the four million? Or eight million. Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. But we're not looking at whether they're early adopters on that screen, that's looking at age groups. Leap. Hmm. Mm. Okay, you had the other power channel. Okay. Alright. And we'll turn to the next presentation. I think she said we don't need to screw it in, just stick it in. And then press, what? F F_N_ and F_ eight. Next to the control button on the bottom, and then F_ eight at the top. And then w be patient. Tada. There we are. Yay. Okay. T_V_ only. Ugh. Hmm. Mm. And exceed the requirements they're expecting of us. Okay. Alright. Okay. Any uh thing else you wanna add? Okay. Yeah. Let's hear what Kate has to say. Hmm. I think the white that one on the right is, as well as less cluttered, It's there but it's Yeah. Hmm. Okay. Hmm-mm. Hmm. Okay. Right. But those things as long as we can get those components, the block, that that rectangle for the user interface, is where the user comes in of what what does it look like? What do the buttons look like? Uh what does it feel like? That's where the user interface is really coming into its own. The technical end is what's actually gonna be in there, but also it has to be easy enough to change or repair if something goes wrong. For example the battery energy source or um what if the chip, for whatever reason, breaks down after a certain amount of time, do you just replace it? Um is there any um because it may be in the same area with several other user interfaces, like for D_V_D_s, movies, whatever. Um does it have to have a a way of being segregated from the others, in a different frequency or something? Mm. Okay. Okay. Oh. Mm. What they cost. Okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. Okay. Uh yeah. Mm. It would have to sor store up the energy and then use it. Solar can do that. M yeah, that would be too heavy and it'd cost too much. Mm. Mm. Yeah. And the dock could look very fancy and that could be your inspiration of having it looking decent. Hmm. Yeah. Okay. Are we agreed as to what our target group is though? Pretty much, so that we'd be looking for the younger end. Mm. I I s usually put more money than brains. Mm. Yeah. Or do we s make sure that it goes to the man through the manufacturer? We sell to the manufacturer as the remote that goes with it. What would be a more efficient way of doing it? Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Probably not. Um the other thing that we're supposed to do is make decision on our functions. Our functions, we've so far decided, I think, that power, channel, volume make it attractive. Um it has to have an enter key and of course the number keys. It has to have big user-friendly buttons and sh n definitely we wanna be inspired that the current styles are just plain awful. Is that agreeable to everyone? Mm-hmm. Throw some light on that. Um actually we're, you know, we are almost a half hour out of the forty minutes, so we have to get close to finishing. Ah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Enter, power as a s oh um a sum simultaneous key. Is that okay with you? Would that uh-huh. Then you'd have to have an off te off key. Mm. Mm. Okay. Mm. Okay. So I guess easy to use is the other thing that we want 'em to be able to do. As you said, you know, don't make it too hard for the granny. I just joined that set last week. Um first grandchild arrived. Um so are we agreed then of those things? And let's go back to agenda and hook me up. Mm. This oughta be fun. It probably won't go the first time, it'll probably be like a g mess. Come on. Uh it lost it off here. Uh No, it was up there, but I couldn't see it down here. Mm. This time it should be both. There we go. Um you have to keep doing the financi the the F_N_ and F_ eight to five minutes to finish, thank you a lot for telling me. Um right, we're ready to close. Um will be completed q questionnaire, um then we'll have some time for individual work to continue our research um and I'll put some minutes of this meeting together. Um your individual assignments are for um Kate to do the components, for you, Steph, to do the user interface and for you the trend-watching. Um and each of us will get help from our coach. Are we agreed to get ourselves together and then have lunch? Okay. Then that's the end of this meeting. And I hope that's good enough for her to tell her that's the end. Okay? Well I think I went over the functions and wrote them down and marked them. Um that's what I went over and nobody was objecting to them. Okay. Um the teletext is outdated, the internet is important, it's only to be for a T_V_ and it must include the corporate image, colour and slogan um which I think is more in the user uh range, with Steph. It doesn't tell me. Mm-hmm. Okay?