I'm sorry. What was the where's the L_E_D_? Oh. Okay. Oh, there's no e okay. Okay. Sixty. Well the there is a there's a delay on remotes I think. Where you can have it it's like a five second input time. So as long as you hit them dada it should be fine. As long as there's not a big pause between the t hitting the two buttons. Was there so on the top there is volume and Channel up volume up. Okay cool. Yeah. It's the R_. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Oh it's nice. Oh I think I killed the five. I did. I killed the four. Oh god. Oh it smells good. Bravo You want the I don't know what order it goes in. I have one. Evaluation cri Okay. That's me. Hello. Oh there we go. Okay. Come on my computer. Come on. Sorry my computer's giving me technical difficulties. Should I press it again? Last time I did that it sh Okay. You're right. Oh. Still not there. Okay now I think for this one I could Would you guys prefer use the whiteboard or mayb maybe I'll just do it on right on the screen where you can see it. Um, we're gonna be doing an evaluation report together based on the protoptype that we've just seen. Um and looking looking back at my notes from our both our conceptual and our functional meetings, um I made a list of what our original requirements and goals were, um, back to our kick-off meeting this morning. Um, and we'll evaluate as to whether we've s done what we set out to do. Um and we're gonna do it on a one to seven scale where one is true and seven is false. So basically the lower p the lower the points the better. Okay so question number one. Does the remote whoops. Sorry. Oh I'm not gonna be able um, I'll do it on the whiteboard. I can't change it so I'm g I'm gonna ask you to push it down once. I'll write down our scores up on the Okay so number one. Do we have a fancy look-and-feel? Yeah I guess that depends on your definition of fancy, but it's definitely different. It's not your traditional yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I kinda I like the potato look. It's very different. It's what? Oh sorry the mango the mango look. Yeah it is, fruit or vegetable depends on your mood. So I myself would say a one or a two. It's a two? Okay, and p One being true. So Two. Okay, actu that's pro that's gonna get confusing, like that. Okay so question number two was is it techn technologically innovative? So I know we have the kinetic energy which is very innovative. Use of the rubber, the use of the L_E_D_. Isn't Mm-hmm. Yeah. And I think I mean it it's tough to say because we were we didn't want it to be any more innovative than this, because then that would've defeated the purpose. So I mean I we'll put three, but I think we actually reached our goal. We didn't want it any more than that. Okay question number three. Uh, will it be easy to use? Yeah. Yeah. S Yeah I think it's you can't really get confused with that. I mean, there'll be s we have to work out the uh number the plus system. But once that's figured out, it should be fine. Number four. Is this a good-looking remote? Remember that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Mm-hmm. Whoops. Should just not touch it. This time it's the three I killed. I was just wondering if it should be like flatter. Or Well Yeah the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit. Oh. That's true. Maybe, it could it could be on the bottom, so you wouldn't loo like if it's flat here, so it sits up. Like that. I g If it's weighted maybe. Details, details. Okay. So, is this a good-looking remote? Would we wanna show it off to our friends? Yeah. Yeah? I mean I gue yeah, it's personal taste, but Yeah. Okay, so should we say two for that? Yeah? Okay. Uh, question number five. What's um will people be willing to spend twenty five Euros on this product? Remember that eighty percent of users were willing to spend more money when a remote control looked fancy. Mm-hmm. Yeah it the marketing will have a lot to do with it. Shake it and the buttons fall off. No, I guess, I don't know much about the remote control industry, how much your average sells for, but I know I am, aren't I? But you don't have to buy batteries. So in the long term this can actually save you money. So we'll market it that way too. So yeah I think with a good marketing scheme um and the personalisation options, it'll Yeah. Okay number six. Can someone read it out? Or Um yeah. So that was mainly that the statistics we said Mm-hmm. Yeah I guess the I think the key word there is average, 'cause there were some people that used the uh video input and sound and stuff. But they're not you and I really. So. Okay so one? Okay. Number seven. C Heather could you push it down? Will this remote control be easy to find when lost? Remember that fifty percent of users lose their remote regularly. Now is there the is the alarm system still was it implemented? It turns into a duck and starts quacking. Here I am. Um Okay. We oh you're just explaining why it's not on the prototype. But yeah, it'll be there. So we can we could say that We can give it a one, because compared to every other remote ever m ever made, this one will be easier to find. Okay. Um Question number eight. Will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new? Remember that thirty four percent of users usually found it difficult. So it has to be yeah, it's eas they'll pick it up and they'll know what to do. The plus thing needs to be worked on. Yeah. Well Do Does it make more sense for the middle one to be an just an enter button? So then you would have to push two buttons every time at least. You could just press six enter, or one two enter. Yeah. Um, okay so we can we'll say yes it's uh one? Okay. Question number nine. Uh, will it minimise the effects of R_S_I_, which was repeated strain injury? Um, which affected over a quarter of users. S It's soft, and And people could Mm-hmm. I don't know what other options there are. Could I mean, you could hold it in your left hand and d use your index finger. But there's not really any other options unless it's like a keyboard. So, I think we did as as much as you can with a remote control. So, one or two do you think? Two okay. Okay number ten. Did we somehow incorporate the company colour and logo? Now is the colour gonna be there even if it's like vanilla? Is the yellow Mm-hmm. It sounds like the colour's something that we But I mean the yell yeah d yellow's ugly though, depending on the So I think we'll have to talk to our executive managers, and see if we can get away with just the R_R_. Okay. Yeah. And the buttons in the middle. Okay. So, do you think that's more of a three then? Three, four? Four? Well we have good reasons for it, so we but we can still put a a four? Okay, and final question. Um, did we stay true to our motto and put the fashion into electronics? Current trends of fruits and veggies, desire for sponginess. Yeah. No, uh, are the plates interchangeable? I think I missed a few they are? So you can have banana and kiwi and okay. Okay, so that's something that's kind of in the making too, like maybe it'll become more Mm-hmm. Yes we do. So I wh what was I gonna put for that? A two for fashion? Okay, so our average there, five, six, eight, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fifteen, nineteen, twenty one, divided by eleven is Between okay. Um. Yeah, that's very good 'cause the highest we coulda got is one. Does that seem right then? Okay. Sorry. Are you gonna do that? Okay. Oh is it locked 'cause I'm in it? Or okay. Mm. 'S good. Mm-hmm. Yeah and the conceptual and functional. Like we were very creative in in coming up with an idea I guess, but m When we can down to it. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Good leadership, I think we stayed on task. Mm-hmm. And the timing was good. We never were pushed for time, or sat around doing nothing, so Was good teamwork. I think we are well-suited to our roles. Oh really? Okay. Yeah. The computer programmes are good. The Yeah. I don't think there was anything Yeah. They'll probably still be there. Um I'm not sure, new ideas found. Yeah well I guess we really it we bounced off of each other, which was cool. Like based on marketing stuff and then you'd say something about interface and yeah, worked well. Mm-hmm. Oh does it have smart materials by the way? Does it have smart materials? Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. By watching T_V_? Mm. Conclusion? Dadada.