Oh good grief. 'Kay. Oh. Mm. Mm-hmm. Shall I? Okay. We just connect up. Thank you. There we go. Okay um so we decided on our market and so this feedback from the marketing department is really about trend watching. Um the methods we used to decide on uh current trends and so on, market trends, were that we did our traditional uh our usual market research study uh with a hundred subjects and the the general feedback from them is that the most im uh w I'm sorry I'm slightly tongue-tied after lunch, sorry Project Manager. Um we decided on the most important aspect i uh required in a remote control device and we'll come to that later. So that was one of the first things we did. Also with our company um being forerunners in uh putting fashion into technology, we also looked at a fashion update um using our consultants on fashion and design in Paris and Milan. Uh so the general findings from that was uh in the market trends the most important aspect for remote controls were people want a fancy look and feel, rather than the the current functional look and feel of remote controls. They also also want a remote control to be technologically innovative, and of course, as we predicted, that it should be easy to use. Now I should point out that the first of those findings, fancy look and feel, is the most important, is twice as important as the second, technologically innovative, which is in turn twice as important as being easy to use. So possibly that the feature that we put first is actually third is still important, but it's third in order of preference for the the subject group we looked at. Okay, um, now the fashion update which relates to very personal preferences among our subject group, um we found from our um consultants in Paris and Milan who des attended all the design and fashion fairs there, that fruit and vegetables are going to be the theme for clothes, shoes and furniture. So should we be thinking of using something like that in our remote control design too? There also seems to be um a trend towards a spongy feel to materials, uh again in contrast to last year. So a lot of interesting feedback there, both from our market research departments and from our people in Paris and Milan. Be interesting to see what our design people make of that. Unless anyone has any questions about that? Not yet? 'Kay. Okay. I know. Does does light charge as as sunlight does? Artificial light? Has to be solar. Mm. Artificial light, no. That's going to I know, different parts of the world too, if we're if we're marketing internationally. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Could I just ask referring back to solar charging, is that compatible with um standard batteries? I mean, could people put standard batteries in but with a s you know they could leave it in the sunlight for solar charging or the two things not compatible? Mm. So that affects the exterior design. Mm. Again it de Mm. It would just detract from the attractiveness of the of the whole feature, i it's not gonna add anything, okay. Shouldn't we do some market research on that first before we add it in because I I personally right, okay. It's not something that's come up in any of our uh focus groups and market research, it's not a thing that people are looking for when we threw it open to the field yeah. But it's something to put on the side to think about maybe. Mm. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. It does mark quite easily too if you let it fall. I've got a mobile phone myself which is titanium and it does mark very easily if you drop it. I was just wondering if we make the basic mould out of plastic but have like a rubber cover that goes over, that would give the spongy feel, that also allows us to kind of have different fasciae for the phone. Like a rubber sleeve almost, yeah. Mm. Mm. Very cheap way of changing the look of it and people can just buy a new one if they want to. Mm. Yeah. Mm. I don't s sorry to interrupt, I don't see why the curved thing is a problem, if we for example had a shell, once we open that yeah, so it'd be f yeah, yeah. Have I misunderstood you? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I just had another idea, I don't know if it helps with that, but just to do with the R_S_I_. Is it possible, just as an option, when we open it up, people can use their fingers to press the button, or we have inside like a small pointer thing when people want to. Mm. Yeah. They're easy to replace as well, cheap. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah just a thought they wouldn't actually need one and they could use anything they've got, couldn't they? A pencil or a pen, so they wouldn't really need a Mm-hmm. I'll just raise another point while it occurs to me, it kind of applies to both our designers here, so I'm not sure how it would fit in. If we flip open, now you know how you've got some mirrors in nightclubs that are mirrors when you turn to them and you turn away and it gives like an advertising display, you seen those? And they kind of respond to the turn of your body. Is it possible that when we open our flip-top shell it's a little compact mirror and when you press a button it then goes onto the phone display th uh the remote control display thing. They don't look at themselves? Just a thought. Yeah. I know what you mean, it's with us using the ideas for a mobile ph it's with us using the ideas for mobile phones I kinda got sidetracked onto that I think, okay. trying to think of other features we can build in that wouldn't cost too much but maybe we'll leave that one on the side. 'Kay. Mm. Oh I think forget about the mirror that was just a very quick passing thought yeah. Sorry what does that stand for? Okay. No you'd hold it you don't if you flip it open then you'd be Wouldn't you? Isn't that the idea? You us if we just use the shell as an example again, you open that, you've got your L_C_D_ display there and you've got the buttons there so you're holding it in the palm of your hand, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm. Mm. Kinetic? Mm. Mm. Hmm. Yeah, we talked about kinetic charging, we've deci seem to have decided on that, did we decide on double A_ or triple A_ batteries? No, one of the decisions we had to make was whether we had double A_ or triple A_ batteries 'cause they've still got to be charged this way haven't they? I oh I see. Right, okay, got you. Got you on that okay, didn't realise. Sorry could you repeat that last part? L_C_D_ screen. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm, so we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell, a variety of designs, okay. and it is just uh although it's rubberised and spongy, apart from that we're just going to go for sort of vegetable and fruit colours, we're not gonna try and make it actually a vegetable or fruit design or anything else, like a shell that we discussed, just go for the colours. Okay. Mm-hmm. The feel. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Is that going to be this image I've got in my head of something kind of shaped like that, maybe about that size, made of plastic, fits into the palm of the hand, rubberised cover that's spongy. Is that really going to fit fancy look and feel which was the major thing that people wanted, market research, is that fancy? Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'm just kind of pushing at that to see if you came out with anything else, but I mean I totally agree. We looked at those remotes, I mean they are kind of anonymous, very similar looking things. This would definitely be different enough, I just wondered if anybody could come up with something even more Well the thing is the rubberised covers are going to be s relatively cheap to produce, that if in a year's time we we get feedback from the design fairs that show something else is coming I mean it's so easy for us to just produce that and it can be slipped on, which is another beauty of it. Mm, so can I just recap uh Sarah, for the decisions that we've made, kinetic charging, the watch-type batteries, um L_C_D_ display on th the top side of the flip top, rubberised buttons on the bottom side, we're gonna use fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover, the case itself is plastic. That's how far we've got, what else do we have to add to our decisions here? Mm. Yes, it was just, there was just a cost issue with that, but it's a good idea we just need to check on the cost, is that right? And incorporating the company logo? Mm. 'Cause I took it from the feedback you gave in the last meeting from y from y your report, it's not just a case of having a little R_R_ hidden somewhere, they do want it to be obvious that it's our product don't they? Since it's the only one of its kind on the market it's obviously gonna be ours. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Did we I know at the last meeting we spoke about a beeper, I think that was you talked about a beeper for a location, have we just rejected that in favour of voice recognition then? You got to go through.