Okay. Oh, that's not gonna work. Oh, alright. Okay. Okay. Um alright. I'll just put that there. Uh as you all know we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote. Uh I'm Nick Debusk, I'm the Project Manager. Uh we'll just get started with everyone kind of letting each other know who they are and what you're doing, what your what your role is um. Go ahead. 'Kay. Okay. Um so we've got our opening, our our agenda is the opening, uh acquaintance which we've kinda done. Uh tool training, project plan discussion and then closing. Uh grand total of twenty five minutes we have here. Um so we are putting together a new remote control. Um we want it to be something original. Um of course we're a not only a electronics company but a fashion um conscious electronics company, so we want it to be trendy um and we want it to be easy to use. Um we've got the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design um which basically is is the three of you um. And w uh well um functional design um. Um do we have um any ideas of of maybe d let's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have, and then we can go into how we're gonna design it and and how we're gonna do the detailing on it. So we want it to be um a T_V_ remote or I I mean do we want it to to do other things besides just be a a television remote? 'Kay. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. I I think yeah, yeah, r universal remote. Um this is my first uh go-round with creating a remote control, so I think we're all in the same boat here. Um Okay. So we should we should set our remote control up to where it has a uh like a tracking device or or like a a It makes a noise, there's a button on the T_V_ that you press and 'Kay. Yeah. Do we want so they're kinda like long and rectangular. Do we want something crazy? You know, we want something new that's gonna stand out. A m a modern so our remote should be 'Kay. Um. Okay so yeah, so we want it to be sturdy, we want it to to hold up to somebody's child, you know, throwing it across the room or, as you said, people kinda throw it, so ball-shaped, uh you know, if it were ball-shaped maybe, then it 'Kay. Um so we want it to be modern, fun, sturdy, um So our form and our function. Um we want it to be um easy to find. Um What else it what else do we want it to to do? So we want it to be universal. It's something that we're supposed to sell for about twenty five Euros um and you know, goals for profits are I think somewhere around uh fifty million Euros, what they wanna make on it, so. 'Kay. So marketing, you know, how maybe uh marketing, you could s find out what is the most universally um appealing remote control out there. 'Kay. Um Do you guys have any ideas for what it should look like? Maybe we could draw it up on the on the board over there. Some ideas? We want it to be a b a ball, you know, we'll draw up we'll draw up the ball and maybe th um where the buttons are located. Uh-huh. How would we go about um making you know getting rid of our weak points? What I mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball? Not to put you on the spot, but What did you say your title was again? You're the the Industrial Designer. Okay. Yeah. It's not new, it's not innovative, it's you know, everybody does long remote because it's easy, it's it's stable um. So if no, go ahead. Something with a grip. Yeah. Because even I suppose even with the ball it's it might not be the easiest to hold onto um. So perhaps the the joystick the the keyboard idea might work better. But then again, people like to use one hand to flip and one hand to hold their soda, so maybe maybe we I feel like I'm just shooting everything down here. Uh um Yeah. Okay, so unfortunately we've got about five minutes here to come up with our um remote control idea and start rolling with it. Um we've talked about our experiences with remote control and um we've got a couple ideas um. Let's see here. What if we had what if we had not only um say we went with the ball the ball function um, but maybe we give it sort of grips along the side s um to make it easier to hold on to. So you know um s so it's easier to hold onto that way. Course that'll then remove some of our our ball. Unless this unless this part were raised, so say the cover flips over and covers that part. So the grip is No, that wouldn't work either um. But if we're gonna make it flat on the bottom, then that eliminates our ball anyways. So if it were flat on the bottom and then had the sorta grips on the side here I guess, um and then flat uh And then we have the problem with the hinge. So if we're flat on the bottom, it's not gonna roll away, it'll stay where we want. Mm, that's true. So we don't have it flip open. We just have a ball Okay, so then we forget the ball. It looks cool, but it's really not it's not functional um. So we've got our sort of keyboard kind. What if we flipped it around here, so that it were um Sorry, that doesn't look anything like what you had there. Um so it's up and down, you hold it this way. Course then it's it's like the rectangular again, only with a couple of jutting out points. But it's one-handed um. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because it doesn't have a cord, like joysticks do. Is it possible to have it to where it would work with a like a sensor on either side? So that either way you're pointing it it would work. More expensive and yeah. 'Kay. Um True. 'Kay. Are we out of time? Okay, well, just to finish up, should we s go with this plan, start making some Are good ideas, what are not. Uh. Must finish now, so. And then marketing will look and see what uh what people want. Okay. And Project Manager will design a better meeting for next time around, be a little bit more prepared. And uh alright, good meeting.