Um almost, there's one more thing I have to get out of the I have to make sure that this attachment will open. Ah-ha. Okay. We'll open that when the time is right. In the meantime Closing things down, okay. Let's see what this thing does. Does it come up together or disappear one of them or what? Ah, we came up together, we're good. Okay. Are we ready to start? Okay. It's now quarter of four. This is a f another forty minute one so it will end at four twenty five. Okay. Right. Our agenda is, as before, for me to open the meeting, for us to go over the previous minutes, then for the two of you to present your prototype and for you to g um Sarah present the evaluation criteria. We then have a finance aspect, which is a spreadsheet, an Excel spreadsheet. And I know what you're all thinking of, oh my, um because we're only given a forty minute time period to get it all in, including the production evaluation. So we're going to make a very fast track. Okay. Um and as you can see that's what we do next on this thing. So the first thing I have to do is close this so that I can get to Where is it? I need to open mine. Not the agenda. No that th I want the minutes from the previous minutes. That should be there, minutes. Yeah. Okay. Uh from meeting three, is it alright with you if I don't switch it to show, just use it as is? 'Cause this way I can more easily flip it. Okay, um obviously all of us were here for the last meeting, we reviewed the previous minutes before that, um each of you made your presentations. Um we discussed the various possibilities based on what was presented in those presentations. The market trend of fruit and veg, mm spongy, uh fancy and elegant more than technologically innovative and that more than easy. Um we decided chip on print would be used. Um we would use plastic with a rubber casing, I think was the consensus, powered by kinetic energy. There was no decision made on the curvatures or double curvature or straight. Um perhaps the prototype will give us an inkling of that. Um looking like a scroll, but it's really a push button technology, excuse my spelling um that was actually in use, that is uh behind the scenes is push button which we uh according to Kate have a very good uh grasp on doing that in production. Um we decided that separate fashionable covers covering your fruit and veg might be a separate product that could be suggested to management. Um and as suggested um yellow with black buttons with the company logo, a slogan and image might be a good idea based on the requirements that have been provided to us. Um we did have a few production issues and coordination of the various bits and we had some conflict of ideas and cost constraints and we ran out of time. Um we had to follow that up and prepare for the last one. And uh we closed as it ran out of time. Is that a fair presentation of what happened? Okay, back to this meeting. Um we're down to the prototype presentation. Over to you. Ooh, two. Ah. Uh-huh. 'Kay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh I see, the on-off's in the back. And then you can use your thumb. I could see this thing, unless it's reinforced, having a problem with the you know yeah. Hmm. Okay. The next item is evaluation. Uh if that's if you're finished. Oh sorry. Try again. Hmm. Well we will soon, unfortunately. Come on. No,. Elegant. Elegant. Mm. Yeah. The chunk. I think between the two, somewhere between the two is true. It's more true than false, about a two. Mm-hmm. Trendy. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Excess buttons. No. Better, more intuitive buttons, yes. No. I like it. Mm-hmm. Yes, the instinct says true. Yeah, that's not a cheap thing to get. Hmm. I think we're good. Okay. We're a little over halfway through the meeting and the next big thing is the finance. Okay. Yep. Right. Right. And as you can see it says the same thing, it had not lost itself, thank Goodness. And we're going to raise what's called a sp a spreadsheet that they provided to me. Um and it says fill in the number of components you plan to use in your device. Hand dynamo, battery, kinetic, solar cells. Okay. Yeah. Um what's a hand dynamo? Oh shoot, forget that. Kinetic is um and how many of those will we need per we only need one. Okay. Electronic simple chip on print, and we'll need one of those. Okay, and we only need one of those. Okay, the case will be uncurved and flat or a single curve or a double curve. It looks like it single curve, 'cause of th the chunkiness. It's that's uh uh one. And that's uh that's the the one that goes like this. Right. No, single curve. Okay, case material supplements. Plastic, wood, rubber, titanium, special colour. We had the special colour. And did we say plastic? Yeah. Okay. We'll come back, if we can, to the rubber being added at the moment, that's where we are. Interface button push button interface. That's what we're using, isn't it? Whoops, don't want that, not yet. Um No, it just says push button interface. Button supplements, they'll be in a special colour of black. And the buttons Wha what is the buttons made of, rubber? So we need one of them. And are they any special form? 'Cause the rate we're going we can put the rubber on top. Oh. Okay. Um let's put that rubber in then, of the case material supplement. Uh we only need one of them. Um and the total cost has been calculated as nine Pounds twenty out of the twelve and a half we were allowed. We're in. That's us. Okay, I'm going to save this into our desktop, project documents. Okay. As our project document bit. Yeah. There we are. That's the only Excel document that will be in there, so it's there for all of us. Okay, so, are they under twelve fifty? Yes, go to the project evaluation, next slide. Right. Um the project process, satisfaction with, for example, the room for creativity. Yeah, leadership, teamwork, means, of having whiteboard, the digital pens and all that kind of good things. Uh-huh. Okay. So, we went over all those things and we're satisfied with all the above. Um did we find any new ideas? So we actually worked well as a group. Right. Are the costs within the budget? Yes. Is the project evaluated? Yes. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Alright. And we've therefore we have to do the final questionnaire and do the meeting summary, I have a final report to present, um and then we're done. We done good, and we're finished in time. I believe that is the end of our meeting. Thank you, Melissa.