I keep forgetting whether I've done this.. Yep. Ta-da. Right. Mm-hmm. Um well I don't have very much to add. Um the the case oops, that's the uh on off button just come off our prototype. The the case can be either um spongy rubber or hard plastic. We're not absolutely sure about a combination of the two, but it can be either of those. We have the technology to do that. Um and as for the the actual components um, uh Steph just said this is a quite a cheap device to manufacture. We have simple rubber push buttons um which provide all the functionality we need. Um the um the diode that actually does the um infrared is at the end, it's the stalk of the banana, or it's just the thing at the end of this version. Um so that's for material. Colour, well uh Steph's the expert on colour. Um we we don't have any particular restrictions on that. Yeah, I think that's all we've got to say really. A banana. Would you care to examine the prototypes, see how they feel in the hand? Yes, that's so that your index finger automatically goes straight to it. And it was partly we thought the design looked better, but it could be moved if if marketing feel it's important to have the on off button in a different place. Hmm. And it's a very simple design, there's not a lot to wrong, the components are cheap to make. Mm-hmm. Yes, a plain, simple, clean design. Well we have got s trendy further down, but Elegant, I don't know if I'd call them elegant. Stylish, yeah. Yeah, I'd I d I don't think that's what we're aiming at with this concept. I think we're using simple components that are gonna be robust but not particularly innovative. Very. Yeah. We have the worry about how robust it will be if it's it's curved as a banana but spongy. I think yeah. Yeah. No. So that's false. No. Yeah, I think they're different, aren't they? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think our instinct is that it should be pretty cheap to develop. We haven't got a lot of expensive components in there. I'd put it at one I think, but I dunno, what do you Yeah, true, it might be the yeah, yeah, true. True. Yeah, that's a good point. Right. Yeah. That was the crank, wind-up crank on the side. Just one. Uh uh yeah, I think we can do it all with simple Just checking that. Yeah, simple, 'cause we've just got push buttons, so we can do it all with simple which is the ch should be the cheapest. Yep. Yeah, that that one is single curve, isn't it? Um do we have I I think you it means you reverse the curve. Yeah. Yeah, I do I don't think we need that for either of them, you can do a banana in single curve, yeah. Yeah, can we do some what ifs, 'cause it may I mean I I still quite like the idea of combining plastic and rubber myself, but it depends on the cost, I guess. Yes. Yep. Do we need to say how many buttons, or or d is it just one? 'Kay. Uh they'll be rubber, yep. Actually, does tha does special material mean that plastic is not a special material? 'Cause I think they can be plastic. Yeah. They could be plastic, we don't have to have rubber buttons, because we haven't got a double curved case. It's just one, isn't it? What, we're in. More profit. Do you do you need to double click on that to open it? Yeah, yeah, the Play-Doh was best, I thought. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, I think we're a good team actually. I'm not sure all the wires are really great though. I thought so. Yes. Yes. Oh hang on, we haven't heard. Mm-hmm. Absolutely, and it's kept us within budget. And then we get the product launch party. Product launch party? Absolutely.