Oh. Okay. Thanks for coming to this meeting. S how we doing on our remote? We have some we have some ideas and some uh ideas for what people want. Yeah. Alright let's just go over the agenda real quick for this meeting. See if I can't get things uh moving along here a little bit better. Um I'll go over what we went over last time, which shouldn't take long. Then I believe each of you have a presentation. Um I've was sent a a couple more requirements for our remote, what they want. Um then we can come to a conclusion on uh what we want the remote to do, um and how it's going to do it hopefully. And uh then we'll have the closing. Um which we'll have forty minutes for. Uh let's see, the last meeting we went over um who was responsible for what. I'm responsible for leading the meetings, keeping the notes, uh and coming up with the final presentation. Um Corinne is our Marketing Expert. She's gonna figure out what what um the consumer wants. Um Ryan is our User Interface Designer. And Manuel is the Industrial Designer. So you're gonna come up with the ideas Ryan, and you're gonna pick 'em apart. Um we decided our remote, uh we want it to be a universal remote uh that everyone would want. Um we want to be modern, um fun, different. Uh it needs to be sturdy, um easy to find, so we gonna have that locator function. Um and we want to be different. Um and then we went over a couple of different ideas. Ball-shaped phone. The keyboard shape. Um we decided that it should probably be one-handed. Something we could use with one hand. Um and that was our last meeting. So um why don't um Do each of you have a presentation? Okay. I'll hand it off to you and um Does anyone do you wanna go first? So we can maybe see what uh what the people want. To go to the next one? Yeah you click on that guy. Yeah. Hit F_ eight again. I think. Yeah. You want it to be on both screens, or just just yours? Yeah but I think you have to hit escape. And then you can Yeah. Oh hit F_ eight again. I know. I did the same thing. And then it should come up here shortly. 'Kay. I think oh give us the slideshow and something on your screen? Mm. I'm not sure. You could maybe minimise that screen and then have them both up at the same time I think. 'Kay. Very nice. Now we actually have some ideas of what what people want, what we should focus on. Uh Wait can I look at that real quick?. What was your last conclusion on that one? Focus on uh the i the image of it. 'Kay. Good. Good. So we could the the the more complex we make it of course, the more expensive But people have said that they would well younger generations of people have said that they would pay more for a speech recognition remote. So possibly it might be worth the investment. I agree. Well I myself I find, when you, h when there's something like spee speech recognition. Like uh you call on the phone and you try to change your telephone or power or something. Sometimes they have a a speech recognition on the other end, and you say one for this, and you find yours, like you said, saying the same thing over and over and over. I find myself, especially if I'm in a crowd of people, looking really silly. So maybe if you're sitting on your couch with a bunch of people then you know, you Volume up. Volume down. Change the channel, you know channel up, channel down? I I don't know. Mm-hmm. It's a, it's a gimmick factor that they like at first, and Okay. Um Let's see here. Yeah I guess so. Trade you. Now I was sent a couple of things to modify our uh new requirements. Um the remote's only gonna be for the television, which is good because we already decided y your your research showed that uh not only is a universal remote more complicated, it's more cost, more costly. And your re uh research showed that you know most of the people don't even use it. I think uh you said fifty percent of the people only use half the or ten percent of the buttons. So if we remove the universal remote then that solves that problem. Um no teletext. Um So we don't have to worry about that. Um but we do have to use the the company wants us to incorporate the corporate colour and our slogan, which is we put the fashion in electronics. And our corporate colours are grey and yellow. And we could probably get away with black too but So those are the three um the three new requirements that that I was told we need to use. Um from all all three of your uh presentations, I think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting. Um We want something that looks good. Um we want something that's simple. We want something that you can find easily. Um And the speech recognition I I guess is kind of uh give or take. It's gonna cost more. S the young the younger people say that they like it. But um it's probably, I would say, probably not worth the investment at this point in time. So maybe we should just do away with speech recognition. Um And that way we can focus on our form. That'd be, that'd be good if we were going with our our ball. Or or with you know I guess with any form that that would be good. You know that could be the charger. For you know we could use rechargeable batteries in the remote. And that would be or solar. Or you know However, however you wanted to go about it, the holder could also be the charging unit. Um With the locator button. Um and if it were the ball you'd no longer have to have a flat space on it. Um like if we still have the how to hold on to it and It's gonna roll away. Um So I guess after the meeting we'll have some questionnaires. And uh and some summaries for for what's going on. Um then we'll take lunch. Then we can come back and uh work on our individual work. Um I'll do the minutes. Uh let's see. It looks like you're already on your way for uh working with the components. Um chips, the what chips we need and what uh you know how to power it and whatnot. User interface concept, we want it to be something simple. Um Minimal number of buttons. I guess our, I guess our main um main thing that we should focus on until then is probably deciding on a certain look, you know. Did you have time earlier to to work on that. Did you guys feel you have enough time in between our meetings to get everything done that you need to get done? 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Um Shall we maybe shoot for a a specific uh target group? That way we could l I mean if it were, if we were shooting for young guys then it's um a certain look to the remote. Or girls or older people? Um Would that you think that would help us find um a specific form? That we would would wanna pick out? 'Kay. So um we know that the remote's gonna have to be we'll just say we've got a colour scheme for it. Um yellow and you know yellow it's nice and bright, with the buttons being grey or black. And our slogan pasted somewhere on it, on the the bottom or the you know. Um Maybe we could sketch a so basically all of our remotes all of our typical remotes now are just kind of a rectangular sort. You know. Um maybe we could flare it or something. You know. So it's more of course this will look like a bone then. go ahead and erase this. Um Hope everyone memorised that uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah everybody's got a mobile phone right? Except for me now. Uh But they are all, you know, mobile phones um they've kind of taken a turn to where they're really small. Um which may defeat our purpose for being able to locate our remote all the time. But then again you don't want you know like the first mobile phone that was this big and you had a handbag to carry it around in. Um So we've got basically what remotes look like now is kind of what we're what we're stuck with. Um Maybe we could go with a square or something. Um Um you know with minimal number of buttons. I guess you've got you know one through nine. For typing in your channels. Uh you've got volume, up and down. Channel up and down. Power. Usually at the top. Um a mute. That's that's pretty much all you need I think. Um A menu button, maybe. So you know. If you, if we want the remote to do other things like um or I guess the T_V_ to be able to change the tint and the colour and you know all those kind of things that are built into T_V_s, we just have that under one standard menu button where you go in, press the menu button, scroll up and down to select it. Um 'Kay so Um Mm-hmm. Like a wheel on your mouse. Sort of. 'S a good idea. Mm-hmm. Look g yeah. Looks good. To the thumb. Yeah. Yeah is everyone who in here's right-handed, left-handed? You guys all right-handed? Yeah. So I'm left-handed but I, so I can say that most things are designed for right-handed people. Like the written language. Or English. Maybe. Ow. I would say I mean it should be probably designed for a right-handed p person. Um but that's that's good. That's w I think we've got a kind of a good plan there. Um At least for what buttons we're gonna use. Um So we've got uh I like the scroll, the scroll action and the. Yeah. Kinda like holding a Yeah. So two remotes in one. But then would be easier to lose one or the other. It actually is your coffee table. Okay. Well we need to finish up here. Um So for the next So for the next um before the next meeting w uh sh shall we work on you're watching trends to see what what kind of new information we've got going on. Um Manuel you're going to work on the components for for what we're gonna use. Let's go with our our uh rounded kind of fit in your hand let's explore uh the the uh possibility of having the two-piece. So one for the the quick zapping um and possibly one you know with just that rounded part that fits into your hand. Um And Ryan you work on um how how well they'll work with the us with the user. So both of those concepts. And uh okay I think we made some good progress here. see you in I dunno. I gu I guess we'll take lunch in about uh half an hour. Or I guess we'll be taking lunch shortly and then then in about half an hour after that we'll probably have another meeting. Okay.