Is that alright now? Okay. Sorry? Okay, everybody all set to start the meeting? Okay, we've got half an hour for this one um to uh discuss the um functional design. All ready to go? Okay. Um so hopefully you've all been working away, and I've put the minutes of the last meeting in the project folder. Um so I guess just to to recap on uh what we did last time. Um kind of uh got to know each other a little bit and uh got familiar with all the equipment and started to discuss um a bit about the project, you know, cost-wise how much how much money we had to s Um just want to tell you that you have three new requirements, um which is the The first one is that um uh the company's decided that teletext is outdated uh because of how popular the internet is. Nobody uses teletext very much anymore, so we don't really need to consider that in the functionality of the of the remote control. Um they've also suggested that we um we only use the remote control to control the television, not the V_C_R_, D_V_D_ or anything else. I think the worry is that if the project becomes too complex then it'll affect um how long it takes us to get it into into production, the time to market. So um, we're just gonna keep it simple and it'll just control the T_V_. And the other thing was that the company want the corporate colour and slogan to be implemented in the new design. Um I'm not entirely sure what the corporate colour is. It might be yellow, because there seems to be a lot of yellow everywhere. Well that's the thing, I'm I'm not sure um uh th because on the the company website, uh what does it say Uh something Yeah, I mean do they Is that something they want actually written on it, 'cause it's quite long. Um or yeah, just the idea, but I'm not sure. So that's something we can discuss as well. So those are the three things, just not to worry about teletext, uh only control the T_V_, and um and uh incorporate the uh colour and slogan of the company. Um so is everybody okay with any of that, or do you want me to recap at all? Right um, time for presentations then. Who would like to go first? Okay, cool. Oh yeah, of course, yeah. G go on ahead. Mm-hmm. Okay. Alright. Oop. Um. Well we can chat away for uh for five minutes or so I think at at most. Just a couple of minutes anyway. Mm-hmm. Shall we sh well we'll stick to kind of your area for now. Yeah. Looks kind of Yeah. Well I think it's a valid point. I mean like the one on the left looks quite um quite complicated, and that P_R_T_ p P_R_O_T_ thing is incredibly confusing. Um so I see I see why yo you know you might prefer the simpler design, but yeah you don't want to lose out on, you know, what it does, so maybe you know you know you get a lot of remote controls where you kind of flip the thing open, I think that's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh, and then actual numbers for channels as well, yeah. God, I wou I would say that's required, I mean there's no way anybody's gonna buy a remote control these days when if you can't actually individually select channels, I mean would anybody disagree with that? Um, what else, uh So don't need to worry about teletext, don't need to worry about V_C_R_, uh any kind of like display controls at all do you think we need to worry about, you know like brightness and contrast? Mm. Yeah. I think are you are you maybe kind of thinking what we absolutely have to have and what would be nice? Mm-hmm. Okay, right. Well, do you wanna maybe just, at this point decide on what we absolutely must have as a p as a function of this. Um, so so far, just to recap you've got volume and channel control and Right okay. Um Mm-hmm yeah. Oka Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh well, just to to wrap up quickly on this this little section Have I just lost Oh no. Um, uh do you think maybe that's the only kind of uh essential requirements, and then maybe just things that would be nice if it could do would be things like audio set up and display set up and things like that, maybe like a mute button, that sort of thing. Any of you anything to add to that at all? No. Okay, right. Um okay, if we can move on to next presentation then please. Um Do you wanna Probably not, actually. Yeah. bit complicated. It'd be nice if everything was wireless, wouldn't it? Right. Oh, like overlap between what you said? Oh well, for all you know that that'll happen. Mm hard to know what where your role ends, yeah. Okay. Uh pr yeah, press function and F_ eight, yeah. Mm. Yeah, you wanna Oh oh here we go. There you go. Um Okay. Right. Can you um Right, okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Repetitive strain injury. Mm-hmm. Okay. So want something that looks good and is easy to use, big priorities. Okay. Mm. So it you wanna group all the different kind of types of functions together, you know. That's I think it's a good idea. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Well, um one of the things that we have to decide on by the end of the meeting is who we're gonna be um who's our our target audience, our target market. Um, so if we want something that that looks good and is easy to use, but has y is fairly powerful product, whatever, who do we really want to aim that at? I mean Yeah, who wou who would have the money to spend. Well i if if like twenty five Euro is our is our selling price then you can imagine, well I don't I'm not really sure how much that will retail at. But you want it's somebody who's not gonna just use the remote that comes with their telly, I suppose, they're gonna actually go out and buy one. So, who do you think we're aiming this at? It's about sixteen, seventeen pounds, I think. Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay Okay. Yeah, so do you think we're we're aiming at a fairly young market then? Yeah, okay. Um do you think then uh voice recognition is something we should really seriously consider? What what do you think, Craig? N yeah. I think we are gonna have to narrow it down, to say let's target these people and give them what they want and 'cause you know, there needs to be some kind of selling point to it. So um anybody anything there to add Just kind of young professionals, uh th like if we are going to include speech recognition, it's kind of between fifteen and thirty five seems to be like a really high response to that. So we could say that was our target. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay, so fifteen to thirty five, look fairly young. You know, they have bit of expendable income to spend on this sort of thing. Yeah. Yeah. So Yeah. Yeah. So they'll not sh not shy away from something quite high-tech. That that's that's a good point. Um okay, so um so shall we make the decision uh to include speech recognition if we can. Okay. Why is that? Okay. Where you can activate it and deactivate it? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh okay, well do you wanna um give us your presentation and then then we can I don't know um might have been a good idea to all deliver our presentations and then discuss, but this is this is how we're Yeah, exactly, yeah. Oh it's something that's just occurred to me as well is if we make it um speech reco if we incorporate speech recognition, that's appealing to people um maybe with a physical disability as well. Um. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Really? Do you think maybe we need like further advances in that kind of area until it's worthwhile incorporating it though? Mm. Course not. There you go. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Uh. Well, do you wan do you wanna finish up your your whole presentation then? Are you are you all done? Mm. Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh. So this just show how we're kind of modularising the whole thing. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well well a worry that was was expressed in the new requirements was that if we made this too complex it would e it would effect um how long how long it took us to get this to market, so I th suspect it might be a good idea just to restrict our kind of our creative influence on this on the user interface and not worry so much about uh how we transmit it um because I mean it it's tried and tested intra-red, so we could stay with tha Mm-hmm Oh, yeah. Yeah, mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. W Yeah. W Well well we've um In the new requirement spec they said just to focus on the T_V_, so that's what we should do for now I think. Something I was wondering about was the power. Um, is it worth considering like having like a charging unit as opposed to just regular batteries? I mean is that something we really want to go into, do you think, or should we just consider running on regular batteries? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so just stick to to regular Okay. Um, right. So basically the um I'm just gonna just recap uh what I said at the start, was that um the the whole point of this meeting was to f absolutely finalise who we're gonna aim this at, and what exactly the product's gonna do. So um just to recap on Are we all happy about the idea of um aiming the product at um the fifteen to thirty five bracket? Um and also the funct the the actual functions of what it's gonna do. Do you wanna recap on that, Craig? Okay, right. Okay. Yeah, it's as optional functions. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay, right. Um, okay well I gotta kind of got five minutes to wrap up now. Um next thing we're doing is having lunch. Whoohoo. Um and then we're gonna have thirty minutes of working on the next stage. Um so I'll be putting the minutes of this uh this meeting into the project documents folder. Um so uh I guess just to just to confirm that we know what we're doing in the next well in the thirty minutes after lunch anyway, um for uh our Industrial Designer, you're gonna be thinking about the components concept. Um User Interface Designer gonna be thinking about our user interface, and marketing you're gonna be thinking about trend watching. Um and you'll all get specific instructions as well. So um I dunno, just just to to ask now if you've got anything else you've thought about while we've been talking. Um, do you wanna start with David. Anything else to say at all? No, okay. Andrew? Yeah, yeah I think that's definitely a good idea. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, so you're gonna have um audio which is gonna be like you know your bass settings and actual volume hi Okay. Okay, and then visual Okay, so brightness, contrast, things like that, and then just actual device things, like what channel you're watching, turning on an off, stuff like that. Okay, um Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um so yeah, I guess just things to think about are you know like the fact it's gotta look good, because of who we're we're, you know, targeting this at. Um something maybe kind of quirky in design maybe. Make it kind of ergonomic kind of to hold, you know, things like that. Um, so I guess I guess that's it. That's the meeting over. Whoohoo.