. Right. Yeah I've got a if you load up my evaluation document. Mm. Uh evaluation. Basic point uh have a list of criteria that we need to rate the prototype by. Um then we will it's a seven s um seven seven step kinda evaluation process. So um not seven steps, seven scale. So after we've finished doing all the ratings for each criteria, we average that and that will give us some type of uh confidence in our prototype. And uh the criteria based on Real Reactions' kinda goals and policies, marketing strategies, and also those I put together from the user requirements phase. 'Kay. Um if you flip the So, those are the criteria. And uh perhaps I could have put 'em a bit better, but you notice a few things that we've totally abandoned, which means that uh the product will score very badly on some of those points. Put it mildly. So we have um true? One, t Seven, eight, oh. Fourth. Okay, so we have to go through each point. If we imagine it's actually straight, and just give it a a score. So um how well would you say the prototype is uh how well have we realised the dream of being able to stop remotes from from being lost, or to be able to find them once they are lost. I mean, uh is the homing thing still the locator, is that still Sure. And Adam, we can keep that in? Okay. Sure. T Sure. Mm. Bright colour. So we still have that noise thing, yeah? Os on a scale of one to seven, how would you guys rate it for finding finding it once it's lost? Number one? Okay. Number number one for the first criteria. Yeah you can tell what room the mobile is Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You wanna say something? That's fine. Oh that's that's fine. What do you mean cr is there anything I wanna Um, a few. Something I neglected from my initial research is that Real Reactions has a a goal strategy that all of the products be inspired by material fashion, and clothing fashion. That is why fruit and veg being popular in the home and in clothing was important and they want all their products to be somehow inspired by current trends in fashion. So they say we put the fashion in electronics, well they really mean it they they're very big on fashion, so. That's this bit right here. And uh this bit is this one easy to use for visitors or for anybody? I guess it's just the same as saying easy to use interface, so it's kinda condensed into one. And we can come back to it, you said. So. Different languages? Yeah. Mm. Do you have any data on how much um different prints cost? I mean can you get the entire thing printed with a design um?. Yeah, yeah. Why would why would that be more expensive than an individual push button and scroll wheel together? That's quite significantly expensive.. Yeah. We don't even have uh speakers here. The like uh we uh what about speakers and transmitters and stuff like that? Have we factored that in? Transmitter, receiver, speakers. Plus the extra device itself that's gonna be on a T_V_. Is that gonna be a button, or Yeah. I I mean it's not on here, but um. Did they s do we have to use an advanced chip for the L_C_D_? Okay. Well that's yeah. What's a hand dyna dynamo? You have to wind it up? Technology. Yeah. Okay. And we couldn't replace the joystick, right? Because we would need four extra buttons to replace it, up down left and right, and that would be more expensive than a but is a scroll wheel not just back and forward? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um. Uh k Does this does this bear in mind that I mean it's a bit ridiculous that they're gonna charge us what is it, like this much money for three million if we're gonna buy three million components, you know. Mm. 'Kay. I think so. Yeah. Could we could we not get rid of the curvy the curvous the curvaceousness and focus on the menu being the best interface? 'Cause like we do we have re restrictions on software? Oh but there has to be joystick. Okay. Sure. Okay, my bad. So I think the product is not gonna perform so well for my criteria. Oh, wait a minute. Sample speaker? What is a sample speaker? Is that somewhat similar to what we want? Yeah. You got a email about voice response? I did not, so. We won't go with that one, did you say? I mean I we Okay, okay. So it looks like we're gonna get rid of the whole loca locator thing. Okay. Okay. Oh, special colour for the case. Mm-hmm. W what's the default colour? White or black? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Okay. Okay. So uh Right okay. Okay. 'Kay. Ability to stop remotes from being lost or to find them once they are lost. Um. Okay. Special colour. Uh uh four. Three if we're being generous, I feel. Think we're being generous here with three. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Reduce the number of unused buttons. We're down to t two buttons, is it? Okay, so that's a one. You know, where that's Okay, that was good. Easy to use interface, buttons menu, menus that's yeah that's good. 'Kay that's we're not doing so badly. Um easy to use oh okay, let's forget that one. Fancy looking. Sure. And we could do whatever we like with the L_ L_C_D_. Yeah let's just assume it's a good L_C_D_ display. Maybe I was panicking for no reason. Yeah, w maybe you'd be a bit too yeah. There we go. Yeah, that's m that's that's better too. More accurate numbers. Technologically innovative. Well, we're getting rid of the locator thing which which yeah. 'Kay. Yeah, mobile phones. And y what you're doing is moving the menu from the television to the remote control, so it's You say three? I might go as far as two on that. Three. Three. Okay. Okay. Materials that people find pleasing. Sponginess is what they really would have wanted, apparently. Yeah. That's true. It's not a step backwards. Yeah, okay let's give it a six. Okay, that's totally thrown everything off balance. Inspired by the latest interior and clothing fashion. W we could. What colour were we gonna make it? I know, but But um by this I think it's more a case of fruit and veg, Yeah. Mm. But Th th they're referring to the fruit and veg thing. Is this like a banana type colour? Could we stretch no still, it's not shaped like a banana is Oh is that 'cause it's flat? What is what fruit or veg is flat? Yeah. Or we might have to suffer badly for this one as well. Four? Oh that's it's very ambitious, yeah, um. Sure. Inspired by. Yeah. This is their strategy. I m imagine we actually had some money invested in this and the amount that we invest is gonna be proportional to the marks. Might we might wanna be a bit more skepible sceptical about this one. I would say I mean it's it's not at all, right? In any way or shape or form. We didn't m Okay, the the yellow banana like thing is I think is okay. Right five. Is that sound reasonable? Five. Yeah. 'Kay, so we have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. So five, seven, ten, sixteen, twenty one. Which gives us an average of three. It's well this would be in the middle. So we it's it's not bad. It's in the good section. Oops. Sorry. I'm I'm sorry. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Even if we were to increase this entire thing by by seven, we were to go down a grade to to four, we would have to do I mean we didn't we weren't that kinda optimistic too optim overly optimistic. You know like we didn't we didn't add we didn't subtract a whole seven points from these things, so I think we're definitely on the good bit. Even if we gave this one seven and this one seven, that's still only three extra points over seven. You know, it's yeah, we did it w it was okay. It was good. Mm-hmm. I think so. I mean my mum still has not learnt how to use text messaging on her phone, and she's had it for a long time, you know. She uses it to make phone calls and that's it. Yeah. So I think if sh if my mum saw a remote control like this with only two buttons and a joystick, I mean that'll probably be the first one she decides not to buy, you know. She'd be like is this a remote control, I don't how do you use it, and stuff like that. So even if it is really user friendly to us, but we're used to using menus all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's totally uh radical to have a remote control with no no numbered buttons, yeah. But like radical good, maybe. Wrote nearly a page, but not. I think tracking. Yeah, that woulda been pretty good. I'd yeah I liked it, yeah. I li yeah, top marks. Well yeah. We we're not lacking in ideas, you know it's that was not the problem. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Maybe the counts wou woulda been better if we had a list or more Yeah, to begin with. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And like response from consumers. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's Thank you. I was actually kind of upset you know at the budget, and that we had to cut a lot of stuff. It's like man, we we can't have the locator thing. And s yeah that's just bad. Do you think maybe the prices were were made?