Okay. Okay, well Okay. Okay we all ready to go? Well how um on the in this meeting then if we um I'll just just recap on the minutes from the last meeting. And we uh decided on decided on our our target group being fifteen to thirty five, and we decided that it was gonna be non-rechargeable battery-powered, that we're gonna group our audio-visual and other functions into into those categories, um. And I told you guys about the three new requirements about ignoring teletext, ignoring everything except the T_V_, and trying to incorporate the the uh corporate colour and slogan. Um so that was the last meeting. Is there anything have I forgotten anything? Is that everything? Okay. Um so if we have the three presentations, and then if you have anything to kind of that you know you're gonna want to discuss, maybe just make a note of it, and we'll have all the discussion at the end. That might be a better idea this time. And so if we start off uh with Andrew and then Craig and then David, if that's alright. Um and then after that we'll have to make some decisions about stuff, right. So if you wanna take this. Screwed in quite tightly. Uh what did uh how did we leave it with speech recognition now? We did we say we were gonna try maybe incorporate it but we hadn't made a definite decision on that? Right. Oh I should also point out that um the you know the kind of final objective of this meeting is to reach a decision on the concepts of the product. So um that's kind of the end result hopefully. Uh-huh. Hopefully appear in a wee second. Up there we go. Oh no. Oh right. Here we go. Okay. Mm-hmm. Aye a fair point definitely. Okay. Aye right. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay okay. Mm-hmm. Mm that's true, yeah. Mm 'kay. Great. Okay. Yeah. Ah. Okay. That's great. Uh-huh. Okay great. Um thank you for that. Uh Craig do you wanna uh plug yours in then? Mm. Not quite. Oh something coming now, yeah. There we go. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. I think it's yellow because like the website is yellow and there's a band at the bottom is yellow, so yellow, lemon, you know definitely food for thought there, but keep going and we'll discuss it after. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Mm. Aye that's a good idea, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah that that was very good, and uh now with David. I know it'd be handy, wouldn't it. Do y do you wanna sit in the the line of sight of this um Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. We you couldn't have like plastic and rubber? Yeah. Mm 'kay. Okay. Mm-hmm. I'll clear one of these things for you. Just by moving it yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. W yeah. Uh yeah yeah, I see. Yeah. I know what you mean yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. Right can I Yeah well yeah it's just I'm quite keen to get the discussion going with the time we've left so but yeah you c ask away. Mm. Why what kind of light do you want are you thinking of? Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Like a phone yeah, like the backlight in a phone. Okay cool. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Okay. Okay. Right okay um well let's just go right back to the marketing ideas for a start, and just giving an id idea on the time, we've got about fifteen minutes to play with at most. So um yeah so just t to bear in mind that the ultimate goal of this meeting is to reach an decision on the the the concepts of the product. So back to your idea about um incorporating the idea of like fruit and veg, and the corporate colour, and things like that. Um I mean what does everybody think about Does anybody have any ideas of about how we can fit all that in together? I mean that's kind of the user interface type of thing, what are your thoughts on that? So maybe do y are we thinking something that like s could sit in your hand comfortably, or do you th you'd hold onto comfortably or So something quite curvy? Okay um right okay. Colour-wise I mean you made a re uh was it you or uh I can't remember who made the point about how if you've a nice bright colour you'll not lose it, was that Whose about how if you have a bright colour you'll not lose it so much. Um and when the corporate colour is yellow, I mean maybe we could think about about the colour of the whole product being yellow I don't know. Um And then obviously the uh the materials when it has anybody got like an overall picture in their mind about what what might work? That's all. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Oh you know like in circular in shape or Choice of material yeah. 'Cause I I I was kinda thinking about as well you know how you get these shock resistant mobile phones, and they're plastic but then also have like rubber on the outside, and it kinda feels it feels kind of warmer to the touch. It feels a bit more comfortable, and maybe we could incorporate plastic and rubber into it. And then then we could have curved shapes, 'cause wood or titanium, yeah, it's gonna have to be boxy and rectangular and I think we might be moving away from that you know so um Well I'm do we really want it in like the shape of a lemon or no I don't think we do either. Okay right well um so thoughts about the actual shape of the thing. A snowman shape? Uh-huh. That's quite a distinctive shape, that would be good wouldn't it. Yeah so yeah should we go with that? Do you wanna draw it on the board? Ooh that'd be good. Mm-hmm. So call it the snowman-shape trademark. Yeah that's cool. Um and I mean colour-wise what does everybody think? I think it is quite important to get yellow in there somewhere. I mean do you want the whole thing yellow, maybe like yellow and white do you want something Uh-huh. Okay cool. Um and also I mean how are we going to incorporate the slogan in? The fact that it talks to you, I mean it might be quite cool if when you first start using it it says, what is it, putting fashion into electronics or something, I dunno. Or when you like or if you turn it off or something if it can speak if it could actually say the slogan it might be a bit more powerful than just having it written on it somewhere. I d I d any thoughts on that at all? I know. Um unless an a I mean if you also would that work if we wanted to incorporate um an L_C_D_ display, where would we put that? Would we put that on the inside or It's bound to increase the cost of it a lot, I would've thought. Yeah. Mm oh yeah that's true. Yeah. So so no need for an L_C_D_ display? I think that would make it very complex. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if there is really, no um I would say no need for a talk-back. Uh does anybody disagree with that? No? Easy. Okay um right so you're gonna have the three different sets of of functionalities, um I mean do you wanna group them into s head of the snowman, body of the snowman, inside of the snowman, is that what you're thinking? Okay. Okay right um what else do you need to talk about? So I'm just gonna um pop this in here 'cause I have a slide about decision making which I'd forgotten about. Oh sh God we've got five minutes um okay uh back we go. Um energy what do you think that's suggesting we're how we're powering the thing? I really like the idea of this kinetic thing where you'd have the back-up of the battery, but have have kinetic power, I mean what does anybody think about that? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well I suppose that if you're if you're away and you're not using it, then you're not using any power either. So you'd have the battery as the kind of to keep it ticking over idea I'm really sorry we're gonna have to wrap up quite quickly, we don't have as much time as I thought. Um so I think that's what energy is referring to here. Chip on print, is that that's an industrial design thing, is it David? Okay um as for the case, kind of discussed that Yeah I know we're gonna have like rubber buttons that feel kind of Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Could have things like backlighting the buttons and stuff like that. Aye that would be a good idea. S so like cur slightly transparent case, so it's yellow, like tinted yellow, but you can maybe see through it. Is that what you mean? Okay. Lights. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah if you are holding it in your hand you could you could do that, couldn't you? If you're holding it in your hand you could Do you think? Okay. Mm. Yeah okay okay um Yeah. Okay. Okay. Just Okay um right well wouldn't it we do need to make a decision on whether we want to incorporate a jog dial in nice and quickly. Um I'm all for them actually, I think they're quite you know th very quick to m to use. So does anybody oppose the idea of of incorporating one into the design at all? No. And the other thing was um can we think of any way of getting the slogan into this thing? Uh-huh. Uh-huh ooh okay, we really gotta wrap up so yeah. Okay well if we can do that, great. Yeah okay. Yeah let's let's try and get the slogan on there um, and Mm. Okay. Right I'm gonna have to I'm really gonna have to hurry you on here 'cause we're we're actually over time. Um is there anything anybody's unsure about? Just for in closing just the next meeting's gonna be in thirty minutes, and so you can see in the screen here what each of you are gonna hopefully be doing, uh I know that the designers are gonna be working with Play-doh on that. So um that'll be that'll be good. Um and I'll get the the minutes up as soon as possible. Anything at all you think we haven't discussed that we need to? Is everybody kind of happy about what they're gonna be doing? Okay. That's kind of a design thing that you guys can can discuss, yeah. Okay. Yeah. To make something flush with the case? Okay right. Okay. Sp kinda grippy? Okay. Okay I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to call this to a close 'cause we're way over time. So um that's really good, like we've s had much to talk about that um pretty much run out of time to do so. So off you go and design stuff wooh. Yeah quite jealous actually.