Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So are we going for the w are we going for the simple one, are we? Okay. Yeah. Mm. I suppose we need we need to find out what circuit board that requires, maybe before we m make a decision. Oh yeah, I suppose so, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Just Just just for the call and find thing. 'Cause it's s it's separate isn't it, it's not part of the Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah and ours is quite a cheap device, so I don't know how much we'll be able to put into it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. I've I've got some things to say about possible design things from trend watching. Cool. Right, um I've been looking at some trends in in sort of basically fashion on top of doing the um research into the remote control market the the one that's the one I talked about last time, that we'd sort of asked people about remote controls and what what was good about them, what was bad, what they used. And we've also been looking at sort of fa sort of fashions and what people are wanting out of consumer goods at the moment. So we've had people in Paris and Milan watching the uh fashion trends. So So just to summarise the most important things which came out of the remote control market investigation. The most important thing was that the thing sort of look and felt fancy rather than just functional. And second, there should be some technological innovation. And then third and l less important than the other two, there should be an ease of use as well. And apparently, the fashion trends are that people want sort of clothes and shoes and things with a fruit and vegetables theme. Um but um the feel of the material should be spongy, which is contrary to last year, apparently. I presume it must have been not not spongy last year. So we need to emphasise the fancy design with on on our remote control above all else. And then also try and add in technological informat innovation which could be our sort of find the thing with a hand clap. And then we need to ma sort of make it easy to use that's as a third priority, so perhaps um fewer fewer buttons and functions as we've as we've discussed. And then maybe find a way to incorporate these trends so that we sort of capture people's imaginations. So maybe we could make the buttons shaped like fruit and veg, or the the buttons could be spongy, uh somehow. Maybe we could make them out of rubber rather than sort of hard plastic. And then sort of even wackier than that, we could maybe have a fruit or vegetable shaped remote, say in the shape of a banana or something like that. Right, so that'll be it. Maybe a banana or courgette or something. How how far we actually want to go along and sort of follow the trends, do we think the trends are particularly important for this type of gadget, or or you know, do they not matter that much? Yeah. Maybe yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm not Yeah. I'm not I'm not sure what what what the sort of timescale we're thinking of selling the product over is. I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's possibly it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's people say that it's the look, they want the fancy looking thing but I'm Yeah. I'm not convinced on whether having changeable covers would be something that people would buy into. I think with the mobiles, it's the, you know it's a communication device, people see you with it all about and i if it Yeah. I think Mm-hmm. Well, it was different last year. The trend was different last year apparently. It was not not spongy feel. But I don't know whether the trend will change. I don't know whether it's one of those things that like sort of having all fruit shaped keys, that that probably would go out of fashion very quickly, whereas just the fact that it was a rubber case is probably less less of something that y you're gonna end up hating in a year, you know. Yeah. Mm. Okay. When you say d when you say double-curved, what what exactly does that mean? Okay. No you're not connected to me anymore. That should come up. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right. That's what I was trying to work out. Shall we Yeah. Okay. Yeah I think that think that's a good idea. Rubber Rubber buttons and case. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Okay. And then are we going for sort of one button shaped like a fruit. Or veg. Don't know, maybe just Yeah. That's ru rubber buttons, yeah. Yeah. Reasonably spongy I guess, yeah. Yeah okay. Yeah. Apple? Yeah. Yeah. Apple apple a a qu Quite a big one, as well. A big apple. Uh Could be a red apple, yeah. Either, don't mind. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Looks like it.