Okay. This is our final meeting, the detailed design meeting. And again I'll take minutes. The what we have to get through in this meeting is firstly the prototype presentation from you two, so you can show us what you've been working on so diligently. Um then then Cat's going to present the evaluation criteria that we're going to be evaluating this against. Then I need to say some st a few things about finance, 'cause we have to check that it's within the finance criteria. Um and then we'll be making sure that our product fits both the evaluation criteria from Cat and the financial limits. Um and then we uh will have a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that we've been through. So we've got forty minutes. S 'Cause we missed out. So it's now I guess that we're supposed to start at fifteen thirty five, so we've got until four fifteen. Is that right? Yeah, until about four fifteen. So yeah. Go for it. Do you want Yes. Dual use, perfect. Dual use, perfect. Does it vibrate when you press the buttons? Sorry, sorry. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Wow. And it's the whole thing's made of rubber, is that Mm-hmm. Yeah. Huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Six seven eight nine. I like that. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Y or you could have it so you on the wheel if you. But if you hold it in, if it's a scroll and click so you hold it in? no. Mm-hmm, very good. And it's with the the black and yellow you're even in the right colours. Mm-hmm. Very good, let's have a look. Test it out. Uh it's a sort of intermediate colour, I guess. Very good. Okay, so maybe if we go on to evaluation cri criteria and then we'll there I suspect we're gonna have a couple of minor finance issues, but um we'll se I'm sure we can get around them somehow. We'll just send all of our manufacturing to some nice poor country and cut some of the prices that way. Wales, for example. Marketing Expert. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So for each of these we need to give it a one to seven. Is that right? Mm dots, never mind. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, just prepare one now. I reckon it Yeah. Seven, yeah, it's terribly sexy. Yeah. Ah, okay. Excellent. Except we can't uh we can if we then yeah, I'll take a note, it's fine. Yeah. I think it does. Alright. But that's gonna be a problem, 'cause you don't always have all left-handers or all right-handers in a family. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um Six. Yeah, I think I think for um I mean most people are right-handed, so in in terms of our greatest target group, I think it's pretty good, but we might want to flag it for management, they want might want to um They Mm-hmm. Yeah. The length is gonna be difficu Mm. No, we're gonna put it like we've got th there's the locator dot. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say six, 'cause the I mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one, rather than the way you've got it. I really like the way you have it, but it's not the immediate thing that you're used to. So Might be But it and it's something that they will be experiencing in a lot of different places soon. Five? Yeah. I'm happy with five? Yeah. Yep. But otherwise it's superb. Six. Yeah. Well we've banned them from Yeah. Yeah, it's varied. Yeah. Six? Voice control have seven. Ah, that's the second one. So you must have changed it on this one where it's got score, but not on the previous slide. G_ technologically innovative. But in terms of the actual technology, none of it is actually new. Yeah. All of the components have been used in other things before. But do yeah, yeah. Yeah. What do you reckon, five, six? Yeah. Space remote. Put fashion in electronics. Very good. Yeah, one. Or a seven. Fifty one, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Six point point about six point five. Close enough. Now wait until we get to finance and then we'll see if we can afford it. That's all you've got at the moment, or did you have anything more? That's it? Alright. So, finance. And we'll see if we can unscrew this first. Sorry, this is I'm just um Beautiful. Not anymore. Computer no signal? Adjusting. There we go. Okay, so we've looked at the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria. And now we have to calculate the production costs. So I've got an Excel spreadsheet to help us do that. Can you read that? Almost. More or less. Um I started filling it in, but of course these are provisional, so we have to go down. No hand dynamo, right? One simple battery. No kinetic energy, no solar. The chip, we're going for an advanced chip on print. We also said the sample sensor and sample speaker. Um single-curved surface, so that we can fold it. Case material we said rubber. I don't know what special colour means. It could be Rub rubber comes coloured, it's I would maybe it's like if you want titanium coloured or wood coloured, it's different. Yeah, let's leave it as zero, 'cause it's easy. We we're definitely going to have to so we've got pushbutton, and then we've Scroll wheel with pushbutton we had, no? S for the muting. Yeah. And button supplements. No. No? But the the spinning wheel's not there. I have think maybe it's integrated with the L_C_ display? I think the pushbutton oh. I don't know if that's one Yeah. That seems unlikely. Push what uh whether whether pushbutton means that p count by button or do we I don't think that makes sense. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, as we can see, that's way too expensive down here. Our budget's twelve point five. Yeah, so that has implications though for the. For the locator. Yeah. Yeah. What else does it need? Yeah, 'cause the sample speaker was, I think, more complicated then just a beeping thing. Yeah, okay, so we Uh-huh. Right, so we need one fifty off. Take it down to just a scroll wheel. We could do Yeah. You can have to scroll it straight r roll it straight down for for mute. That's with the L_C_ We decided, 'cause it's not on our list. The scroll wheel is on the side. We're point three over at the moment. It's nothing n Yeah, I have Yeah. Rather than having three different things that people have to do. There we go. Oh look, we're way under budget and we'll make huge profits and we'll all get bonuses. Or or that we have to have some sort of special colour. So that's alright. We we'll leave it at that and then I'll take I can send it back to management and say we weren't quite sure about the colour, if that costs extra then we've still got some space for it, yeah. Excellent. Alright. So did we lose um on our evaluation criteria, as a result of doing that? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright then. We're gonna have a beep. Yeah. Yeah. Tha. 'Cause we we won't have run out of our pot of Play-Doh. Yeah, I know I know, my pen vibrates. But only for a very short time. Um okay. So looks like we've designed a banana. Well done, team. Um we need we've just got about ten minutes or so left of the meeting, so it would be good if we could just have a little talk about the project itself and how it went, um so that we can feed back to the management for next time they're designing a product. Feedback? Ideas? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But in terms of the process of um going and working individually and then coming back to a meeting, that that worked in terms of. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Banana. Mm-hmm, the whiteboard digital pens. We like the pens. Yeah, you could take it to lectures and just write stuff down and have it printed out when you got back to the office. They great? Do you think they'd notice if one went? Oh okay. Yep. Shh. Yep. But that worked well having having a whiteboard that we could draw on as well as having the PowerPoint, 'cause the I find that the problem with PowerPoint often is that it's so static and you can't change it once you're in there, yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's alright, that always irritates me anyway, yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. And presumably you don't you can say nasty things as well. I have no stake in it. You have to say that, 'cause I'm taking the notes. I'll leave the room and you can have another go. Better than that than the banana. I think it worked quite well. Did anyone feel that they were getting sort of covered up and not being able to say their bit? Yeah.. New ideas found. Not quite sure what about. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's right. Banana remote. Yeah. Or you can always go to Google and type in banana remote control. Flip. Vibrate. And uh yeah. Nothing that you really want. True. Yeah. Okay. So, costs are within budget, well within budget, including a little what have we got? One Euro left over for bits that we didn't foresee. Um we've evaluated the project. You've got the scores. Can you put that in the project documents file? It's in there already. And the process wheel didn't really have any major problems with. Were there any was there anything that you found difficult, or anything that didn't go as smoothly as you'd hope? Yeah. Okay then. Um I think we're still well within our time. We've got about five minutes left, but if we've finished, then we've finished. We're just too too efficient and you should never drag a meeting on just because you have extra time. So I would say that's the end of that meeting. Thank you, team. It was very productive day and Mm uh no. Right, so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it. I don't know if it's already sent or not. Um presumably I have to I don't see why you can't stay here, really. Did I save this one? Production costs. It was supposed to be pink. But it was blue on the board.