Me too. Okay. Um here's the agenda for our last meeting. Um after the opening we're going to have a prototype presentation, then we're going to discuss the evaluation criteria and the financing of our remote. Then we're going to evaluate the product and I think the whole production process, and then we're gonna close it up, and we have forty minutes, so let's get started. Oh, no, let's have the prototype presentation. Right. Hmm. Yeah. Great. Okay. Okay. And did you determine um the curvature of the bottom part of it for the hand, is it gonna be a single or a double? Single. Single sounds good, 'cause it's not big enough to really constitute a double. Great. Great. I think you did an awesome job. It is beautiful, and it's everything that we discussed. Good job. Alright what's next in our agenda? Um we're gonna discuss the evaluation criteria, and that's with Courtney. Right. Mm. Right. Sqi Right. Right. 'Kay. I'll wait. Are we going to indi I say we individually rate what do you say? Just orally. Why not? We have okay. Um easy to use. I vote six. Oh, two. Uh hello, we're great. Um one. No. Me too, very chic. One, I give it a one. Oh, and ma it's a prototype, right. Well, now I'm. So, the average is about a two. Two or three. Two point five. Imagine, since we obviously don't have that. And it's i it is very ergonomically designed. It's gonna be curved. Yeah. I think so too. 'Kay. Two. Alright, average is two. Is it technologically innovative? Oh sorry I'm taking over your job here. Go right ahead. Yes. Right? We were able to do it with that kind of chip. Yeah, right. That was 'kay. And we discussed that being included. Well we don' have the you know, we can't say channel, and it changes the channel, channel eight. Right. Okay. Yeah. I'd go for a three or four on that one, so okay, let's go for a three point five. Alright, and the last criteria is it is it um Well, we've covered that with the trendy. Sure. Capable. Very capable. And it's very important. 'Kay, there we go. So. Next. It does. Very good. Alright, let's go back to this No, that's it. Hmm. Oops. Okay, so now uh we're moving on to finance, okay. I'm gonna show you an Excel spreadsheet and we're going to fill it in together based on what components we're including in our remote and see if it's under twelve fifty Euro. If so, we can proceed, if not, we need to go back to the drawing board a little bit. 'Kay? So let me bring that up. Here we go. Alright. Um it's not hand dynamo, it's powered by battery, so we give it a Number of components you plan to use. Do I just put quantity being one battery, or Yeah. But if it's a do you wanna go for this is where we need to make a final call on if it's a lithium or do we wanna go triple A_s, 'cause triple A_s we're gonna have t do more than one battery. Oh, let's just go for a lithium. What do you say? I think uh I think the people who purchase this are gonna be technologically right. Okay, down to the electronics um section. We're gonna need this kind, correct, if we do the voice sensor, so one of those. It is a single-curved, so one of those. Oh. What's that? Yeah, that's correct. 'Kay, down here, case material. Plastic. 'Kay. Down here, interface type. We're gonna have the integrated scroll scroll wheel. Isn't oh those are just regular buttons. This? Okay, so we can just go um. Right I think she's I think what Courtney's talking about is do we need to put two here? Right. I don't know, they might put us well, let's just. Two or would it be three? Okay and we're gonna button supplements the buttons are no uh okay. Are they? Oh, right. Mm. Well, we're under cost then. Alright. No, we're under. Twelve point five is our limit. We've got eleven point two. Alright. We can go to I dunno what I just did. Okay. Now we're gonna talk about the project process um and whether or not we're satisfied with the whole process and the result. Um did we have a lot of room for creativity? Did we have a lot of room for individual leadership, um teamwork, and the means, meaning the technology that we used to produce our little guy there, and if we found any new ideas. Now, question is, how do we do this? Discuss, sure. Alright. Who want who would like to go first? Hmm. Hmm. And how did you feel about the whole the whole process though? Right, and we got say over what how technologically advanced it should be and also how fashionable, which I kind of like we yep. You know it. Um what about um the teamwork aspect? How did you guys enjoy making the model, the prototype? I think ya' did. Did you work well together in there, and 'kay. Oh my God, and we've all been a pretty congenial team here, I think. We hadn't had any ma fallings out. Irritating. Okay. Yeah. I have to knock that one down a couple notches. Yeah, digital pens. They were fine. Right, laptops are extremely handy, wireless. And that we have a shared network where we can put all of the Big brother. 'Kay, have we found any new ideas through this process? For something that looks cool and also has what I want it to b do technologically. And that's your right brain taking over, w wanting the artistic, the fashionable, the hip, you know. If we all just went out and bought useful things, I don't think I mean that's not what technology. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Just the Mac font bothers me even. But I do like iPods, go figure. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Colours. Exactly. I mean how many people went out and bough a Nokia phone, back when we were like in high school, just so they could get the changeable face plates. Okay. Anyway, so that is definitely at work. Yeah. Fashionable chic people will. Hmm. There you go, marketing. Alright. Okay, we're gonna wrap this up now. Um the costs are within the budget, we evaluated the project, and now we're gonna complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary, and then we're going to have a big giant party, apparently, according to this, so. Alright, thank you team, you did a great job, it was lovely working with you.