The prototype discussion. No. There is our remo the banana. Um yeah basically we we st went with the colour yellow. Um working on the principle of a fruit which was mentioned, it's basically designed around a banana. Um but it would be held in such a fashion, where it is, obviously it wouldn't be that floppy 'cause this would be hard plastic. These would be like the rubber, the rubber grips. So that's so that would hopefully help with grip, or like the ergonomics of it. Um but all the controlling would be done with this scroll wheel. You have to use your imagination a little bit. And this here represents the screen, where you, where you'd go through. And the the simplest functions would be um almost identical to an iPod, where that one way ch through channels, that way th other way through channels. Volume up and down. And then to access the more complicated functions you'd you sorta go, you press that and go through the menus. It's that that simple. That just represents the infrared uh beam. That's a simple on and off switch. Um I don't know, we could use the voice. T that blue bits should be yellow, d that that'd be where the batteries would be I suppose. And um that's about it. It's as simple as you, we could make it really. Is there anything you want to add? Yeah. Doesn't make much make much difference. You could work left-handed or right-handed I suppose. T the actual thing might be smaller. Yeah. Just the on and off. Yeah. It's you know it's flimsy 'cause it's made out of heavy Play-Doh, but And whether or not it would fall into the cost everything I suppose. With the scroll and the L_C_D_. Yeah. I would. It's bright. It's It's curved. It's not there's no sharp angles to it. Some people might say it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was the main aim, one of the main aims that we had. Uh yeah. 'Cause we've we've brought it down to basically four controls most common, which are channel and volume. And then the other ones are just a matter of just going, just scrolling further. Yeah. Yeah. It's bright yellow. Bright yellow's hard to lose. But um if we were to, if we were, that, the speech recognition. That, we could maybe just use that solely for the the finding thing. That was what we'd we'd mentioned. Just just to use, to find it when it was lost. But like I said, like I don't think you'd lose something so yellow so easily. And it's not gonna fall, like a rectangle would slip down behind things. That's gonna be a difficult shape to Yeah. Maybe in the middle again, three or four or something? I mean you know loo losing things is one of those things that people can lose, I mean a million ways. You can pick it up and walk away with it and then you've lost it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah true. But I mean d just those whistling, clapping key rings you have. They're cheap. So it can't be that expensive. Yeah. Yeah. stick it on the T_V_. Yeah. Two. I'd say so. Uh don't get many mo remote controls with screens on. Yeah it's stolen technology. But we have. Fa 'cause it's stolen. No maybe not. Yeah as much as as needed, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On the Yeah. Be what we were told, and they'd say yeah, definitely.. Is that some long division? No. Just, I'm sure there's a. No I can't do long very impressive. Yeah. Yeah so. You'd been going a long time dividing that. It's two point four two eight five se it just keeps going on. Two point four two basically. Charge about three hundred quid for it. We're advanced chip are we? Yeah yeah. S That's Yeah. And then I'd say the integrated. Mm. remote control. No that's getting a bit tiny. Yeah. I'd ignore that. If it w What if we completely took out the the one single button we've got on. And just had a scroll wheel interface. And the L_C_D_ display. I suppose the L_C_D_ C_ display's the one that's pushing it up a bit though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you could maybe take out the L_C_D_ dis display even, if it if it comes up on the computer itsel on the T_V_ itself. Uh that is possible yeah. There we go. Screen. Make it a bigger dial. Easier to use. Even easier to use then. That was just we ran out of yellow. There you go. Even simpler. Yeah. For all those fruit lovers out there. Yeah. I think we did yeah I think we did quite well. Um Yeah. Right from the start of the day. We sort of knew where we were going straight away I thought. Yeah. We've used the whiteboard. Technology used. Excellent.