Yeah. Yeah, sure. It kinda does make sense, doesn't it, because when we get into the end of meeting we're kind of talking about action and design as opposed to background. Everything I have is kinda background. Mm-hmm. Uh that sounds. Sure. Okay. Sure. Yeah, cool. Why don't I get that? Hmm. Okay. Okay. Um alright so c is it function F_ eight? Hmm. Come on. I think it's working. Okay great s so let me just start this. Okay great. So um uh s move on. Uh-huh oh where'd it all go? It's not good. Okay lemme just see where I can find it. This looks more like it. I think I just opened up the template. Sorry about that. Okay alright so let's have a look here. Okay so this was the method that um I've taken. Uh basically what I wanna do here, before we get into it uh too far, is I want to show you all the background information I have that I think we need to acknowledge if we want this to be successful. And uh and then sorta g go through some of the way that I've dealt with that information, and then sort of bring us all together into it to see sorta see how this fits in with the overall vision. Um so I've tried to take a whole lot of market research and summarise it for us, and then ide identify uh trends that are are sort of in sync and are important to our our uh p project plan that we have so far, and then uh initiate a kind of discussion on design options so that it sorta helps us to to narrow in on on aspects that will inform other uh other elements of the of the project. Does that make sense, tha that sort of strategy? I thought that that will impact on the rest of what we do, so that's why I suggested we get in this. Okay so out of um different uh figures and ratings ob uh of people in general, um consumers in general, the number one thing that was found was that uh the br t television remote control, a fancy look and feel, okay, and not, it specified, not a functional look or or feel, uh b f f fancy. Um however, this is where we kinda have to be very, I think, creative about it. Number two was that it be innovative. Okay so that tells me that we have to find a way to be innovative without a adding just unnecessary um sort of functional bits to it. Uh and third priority uh for ease of use, so again that kind of gives us a general picture of how it has to be, um quite user friendly while still having technology. So it I'll just say right away as a bit of a foreshadowing into how we proceed with this in terms of m marketing, is that I think um what we should think about is how the um about how the innovation uh contributes to the look and feel, and not so much to the functionality of it. For example like when you pick it up and push it like it all lights up or something, you know what I mean, like, or it's got something else to it that just seems innovative because obviously the thing that the message here is ease of use. So how do you make innovation make something more more easy to use? Well that's I guess where we're gonna go with this. Okay then there's the other aspect of the back the the market um research I have here is on fashion style, okay, which as we've agreed is a priority. Uh top European fashion trend um that I read about says there's this emerging theme of fruit and vegetables, okay, especially in clothes and furniture. And when I first saw that I thought hmm, well do we want to actually try and think about this trend and how we add something to it, or we get right into it, or we completely steer away from it, do you know what I mean? So my my feeling is that we w do want to observe this trend, but we want to think also about the fact that it sort of has to fit in with something which is not specifically electronics. Um 'cause I think what we're in what we're in is partly sort of home decor, partly something like a computer, um so I think we might wanna be careful about how you know how quickly we create like a remote control in the shape of an apple or something, I think that would be pushing it. And then in terms of m material trends are for things to be soft and spongy and sort of, you might say ergonomic or or friendly to handle, which is which also in indicated that last year this was this was not the case. So um probably a lot of the competition on the market will be still in last year's mode, so if we try and really capitalise on that, I think that'll be in our favour. Um So these this is the summary of everything. Um style is number one uh thing in the in the market of who we're selling to. Uh innovative design technology's also a must in that it's seen it'd be seen to be uh cutting edge, uh but ease of use t has to be insured throughout. That was like the number three thing. And then at the end there are vibrant natural colours um that's the way I interpreted it anyway, softness in materials, shape, and function, and so I've written at written at the bottom to give us sort of a context of discussion, Mac iPods, something which is, I'd have to say very high-tech, ten gigabytes, whatever, but when you hold it in your hand there's like no buttons. You know what a Mac iPod is? I'm thinking however Mac iPod is sort of last year's because it's very hard and sort of glassy and glossy, so I'm thinking if we imagine that we're taking some of the features of a Mac iPod and we're then making it s more of like a more of like a comfortable type of or more of like a maybe more vibrant to friendly thing to have. Um and then so this is w with all that information what I'm what I'm suggesting in this slide here is that we we take these ideas, and as we get into more the more um techni like sort of production side of things, that we think about shape, materials, and themes or series that go throughout. Sort of like a I dunno like um we think of some kind of a thin theme that unifies it all, that we agree on, uh sorta like a marketing identity. Um Does that make sense? Yeah. So so like I threw out a few ideas there just to kinda get us thinking along those lines like lemon, lime, I dunno, green colours, pe whatever, it's just an idea, 'cause I'm thinking that some of these ideas will seem quite coherent if we use them in terms of their what people associate this them with in terms of texture, shape, colours, things like that. Like um the ones the ones which I'm most fond of in terms of giving like a theme to it would be like um like lemon or something like that, you know something which is, like you see a lot in in other areas. Like I see lots of websites and things that seem to associate with like lemon and lime and So anyway it's just just an idea. I'm thinking maybe we could incorporate some of these features into a fairly um into something which is which seems to have something to it which is almost gimmicky because like um like something to do with like lighting within it. Like you know just within the simple sense, when you pick up a phone and touch a button it uh lights up, q usually the buttons light up. How can we build on that? Maybe like it could light up in different colours or something or or people could buy the buy the control and then it comes with different like covers or something so. Anyway those are that's all I have, but uh hopefully we can we can revisit those ideas when we get into Yep. Did you press F_ eight? Yeah. Okay, do we have a corporate colour scheme? I didn't know. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Great. Lots of good information there. It's a shame the cable wasn't just in the middle of the table, huh? Just um It takes a second, doesn't it? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. They're standard, aren't they? Yeah. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. No. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It can't be curved. Okay. Uh question on can I ask a question? Okay. Can we uh power a light in this? Can we get a strong enough battery to power a light? Okay. So maybe one of the things we can just try and include is a really good battery. Well I mean I'm thinking it might be That for uh this to be a high-tech thing it's gonna have to have something high-tech about it and that's gonna take battery power, and to make that to make that a realistic goal I think one of the issues that will come up later is, can the battery power it? Illuminate the buttons. Yeah it glows. Well m I'm thinking along the lines of you're you're in the dark watching a D_V_D_ and you um you find the thing in the dark and you go like this, and that's what everybody does. Oh where's the volume button in the dark, and uh y you just touch it, or you just pick it up, and it lights up or something. Like a phone, yeah yeah. Whereas with phones, people charge them once a week. We're gonna need to put in a really good battery so people don't have to charge their r remote control every few days. But are people gonna wanna shake their movie controller? Right. Sure. Okay. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay, great. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What's that? Yeah. Okay. Well I mean I'm thinking that what we need to do is have something that kind of unifies a lot of the different concepts, and if we think that what we are w our number one marketing motive is um the look and feel. So for the look and feel to seem coherent and not just sorta bits and bits and pieces of of concept and technology or or whatever or fashion, then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sorta can visualize. Um maybe what we could do is t th think about a concept which touches b back to the on the um the colour, you said company colour yellow. I mean if we think of something, like I was saying also lime and lemon you know, what can we come up with something where we we try and associate it with with like the series. We just come up with something like that we kind of use it as a theme to inspire the shapes and things. Yeah. Yeah. No no no not at all. It's more more just that we we think about like what it is we're trying to achieve, so and then we have one one sorta theme that we stick with. Do you know what I mean? Right, sure. Yeah. Um can we yeah like to and wha like do you have a Can you like yeah just t we can visualize it. Okay. Okay. Yep. Mm. What would it achieve? Well L_C_ well I'd when you used to mention the L_C_D_ I'd think I wonder what that would be about. And the th the thing I could see it helping with would be if it was somehow connected with um listings. So as you scroll through, 'cause we said we might have a jog dial, so as you scroll through your stations you can y it actually tells you what it is. Right, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm not real Mm-hmm. No. Mm mm. Well i I was just Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Um I've had kinetic things before, and the the the one issue we need to keep in mind with them is that you're committing the user to moving it, and watches yeah Sure, okay, right, okay. Support for it. I mean just it's just worth pointing out because like I've I've known I've known people to have kinetic watches that they wear all the time, and it's just like magic because it's always powered and there's no battery. I've also known people to have things like like a jewellery watch they wear from time to time, and they eventually just say it's just too much of a nuisance because I don't wear it all the time. Like remote control is similar, you're away on vacation, I dunno whatever, you something, and it just starts to get worn down. So we should think about Yeah. Yep. And this size here, I'd suggest this be small, like quite small. Um just a a lot of the um I mean one of the things running through my mind right now, I realise we're being efficient to wrap up the meeting and have lots of decisions made, um but we are leaning quite a bit to the side of being low-tech, rubber buttons plastic frame, it's almost like we're reproducing the same old remote control that's out there. Should we think about how we are actually getting this high-tech user friendly uh um theme like what is it that we're u we're using to to achieve those goals? Like Okay so so backlighting, that would be good. Yeah clear, that'd be Okay. Yeah sure. Yeah that'd be really good. Yeah. Sure. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah they they emanate a light through it. 'Kay. Yeah, mm-hmm. Um and then the other thing that we we're s we've committed ourselves to achieving is simplicity, and so I'm thinking maybe should we try and think about having something like um some kind of an innovative concept about how the um the volume and the channels are controlled, 'cause that's the main thing people will f wanna do. Could we use like a jog dial, like a nice just sort of round, somewhere on it where you just roll it? Or Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well why don't we do it like a mouse then? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Mm. Yeah. But that's not a bad thing is it? Because when you think about it, the alternative is to go push the button. Jog dials are much easier than that. You just roll. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah like I mean if we if if we keep coming back to this board here, I wouldn't be surprised if we could take this idea, imagine that, I dunno, that it's within the shape of the hand, it's quite small I dunno. Yeah. It's small, and that we've got like the the l slogan somewhere like on the casing at the side, and that yeah well I mean isn't that what we just h said said we s just have to decide now? Yeah. And then like a jo And then like a jog dial somewhere that fits in with the shape of it like I dunno like here, in with the It would get bumped, it's doesn't really fit with your hand. Yeah. Or maybe just fit it in like down the middle here. A jog di Yeah. It's kind of yeah Yeah. Huh. Um Yeah I think the jog dial, you know it just after you drew that, what if it was flat and you just spun it, that'd be great. Yeah. Yep. Sure, yeah, yeah and materials we sorta said we'd do plastic and rubber, didn't we, and I think maybe we should try and stay away from just the big protruding rubber buttons, 'cause that'd just be so standard. Something a bit more flush, yeah, or maybe have rubber incorporated into the case as well, so that it has and also t plastic I've seen can get really textured, so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand. They feel kind of like um, you get pens now and then that you'd think that they were rubber but they're not, they're actually just plastic that's textured, kind of a little bit like Okay. Okay.