Just put it on the deskt desktop. Project documents, yeah. What's your username? What's your username and password? Mm-hmm. Sorry. Okay. There we go. 'Kay. Sure. Um, sh would you like to I'll just do it from here. Um, try second one maybe. Try it, yeah maybe. Yeah. Okay. Oh, I thought I put in my last name, I guess not, but. Okay. Oh yeah, that'd be fine, that'd be great. Okay. Functional requirement by me Ebenezer. Okay, so um we did some research, we asked one hundred people their opinions on remote controls. We asked some uh open ended questions, just, what are your opinions on the remote control, got a lot of re responses, and we asked some very specific questions, and we got a lot of good feedback. Please bear in mind this is only a hundred people, so even when the groups are divided into fifteen to twenty five, twenty five to thirty five, there's only maybe ten people fifteen people in each group. Okay. So we got some the bad stuff we got, remotes are often lost. I often lose my remote control, the back of the couch, some place, and even if it's not lost permanently, it takes me a few minutes to find it. Most buttons are not used any more, like you said, teletext is outdated now. I remember trying to load a D_V_D_ player recently, and there were so many buttons, it took me I don't know maybe ten minutes to to go through each button, 'cause you have to press the shift button to access the yellow buttons, you know there's just a lot of stuff that no one really uses. And if they do, not very often. Takes too long to master the remote control. I've seen some remote controls that are big, they have a lot of buttons, you have to hold down more than one key at one time to do something, they're just not great to use. We just got a lot of bad complaints about remote controls, people do not like remote controls. Some of the good stuff we got. Between the age of uh fifteen and twenty five, most people would be willing to pay extra for voice recognition software. Now don't get excited yet, I've got more to say on that. Most people'd be willing to pay for that um most people want remote controls to be pretty, they want it to be fancy, th they they want it to be different, everybody has a white remote control with black buttons, and a red button and a green button, not everybody wants that. Finally, my opinion. The voice recognition thing is cool. And uh voice recognition, the software, open source software exist already. It's a bit sketchy at some times, uh, you're not gonna get good always accurate results, but for a very fixed number of words, you know you have, how many different words can you have for a remote control, up, down, left, right, channel five, channel seven, you know, how many, you can't have that many words. For a fixed vocabulary it works quite well. I'm pretty sure people would buy it. But after a while people may wanna return it, because if you have to to say som I mean most people use a remote control for switching to channels, and they say they do that about ninety eight percent of the time. Using the remote control, ninety eight percent of the time for changing channels, and that's for flickering through channels. So if you have to say up, up, up, up, if you have to do that all the time, then people might get a bit fed up with that and they may return it. However, oh, because the voice recognition software exists already, there's no need to spend money on research and development, but this does mean the need for microphones in the in the remote control, which is an unusual feature in my opinion. But if we do have the voice recognition thing, there's a lot of stuff that you can uh get rid of. See, you could there're two options. Either you have voice recognition by itself, which I think is a bit impractical for like night time if you wanna be watching television and you wanna be quiet, or I don't know you have a visitor coming round and the remote's only trained for you, it's a bit impractical to have just voice recognition by itself. So you can have voice recognition and a regular remote. But imagine you got rid of the regular remote part, then you can design the remote to look any way you want it to look, because there are no restrictions on physical size, or shape, it it could be as fancy as you want it to be, you know, it could be like a lollipop or something like that, something weird like that. As long as the voice recognition stuff works, that's that's fine. So we have the three birds, we have the design, that we have the the fancy bit, right, the voice recognition's fancy, it's cool, it's different, it's radical, so, and then we have an extra bit I don't remember so I'm pretty sure people will buy the remote, but is it practical to have a voice recognition system in a remote control, I think is a big question. Um, will people will people be willing to wait for the the period that it'll take to train the remote, 'cause I think it will the remote will uh get better over time with the same user user, but for the first week or for the first two weeks are you willing to wait, are you willing to have a bad remote control. And uh what if you have visitors come round, they stay the night, they wanna use the T_V_, they can't use the remote because they speak differently to you. Um, how do you account for regional accents and stuff like that. Uh, will people return the remote control, I think a lot of young people will buy the remote control, if they have the money, you know, so, do our audience have the money, but would they return it after a while because it's not as fast as pressing a button, it's not a practical. So. These are things I think we should consider. I think it's cool, I'm sorry? Sure. I'm about to end, yeah. I think it's cool but there are definitely some considerations. So, yeah. There was uh a website, uh, right here. G I started making stuff up, then I got an email saying Mm. Well like if you go to one, uh whichever one you were working yeah, and you just click file save as. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Mm. I uh Mm-hmm. Mm. Sure but the idea of a remote with a menu or and a joystick I think like I h if I was in the habit of buying remote controls then I would want one, but I think we don't have a specific audience, you know, like what is our target audience, what niche are niche are we trying to market and corner. You know, you know what I'm saying, like, for whom is this intended? Everybody? Most people, yeah. Mm-hmm. Sure. I think that's fair yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Okay, specifically television. So the joystick is just for differentness. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. It's just, the way I figure it, twelve point five Euros per unit, we have to sell at least like three million or something like that, not to account for all the the money we waste on remotes that no one buys, you know, like if we made a perf if we made a ks for every remote we made someone bought it, then we have to sell a lot of remote controls. We just Is this gonna be enough to to sell? Yeah. I had one of those, and my brother, and my dad, could have beat me up because it it went off all the time accidentally. The clapping one. To a television. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. I think so, yeah. But we have a frequency of how what people use a remote control for most. Um, power is used like once per hour, channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight per hour, that's by far the biggest one, and then teletext, is still here, that's like fourteen, and volume selection. No, yeah, okay okay. Yeah, um Mm-hmm. Um, I think because it's so small it might be an uh I mean if we only have like two three buttons it might be essential to have to have that Yeah. Speaker yeah. W those little key-rings have both, so Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I can give you the frequency, what people what options people use most often, I guess that's gonna be important in the ts defining the the software side of the interface, right. You want the stuff. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Sure. Sure. Mm. Sure. 'Kay. Yeah. Transmitter.