Oh, Ebenezer Ademesoye. Would you like me to spell that? S Um, N_E_Z_ E_R_. I'm the Marketing Expert. Sure. Whiteboard. 'Kay. S okay. I will make this quick, since we don't have much time. Um. 'Kay, so it's not the best picture in the world. Here we have an elephant. First point, begins with an E_, same like Ebenezer. Also, elephants have a very good memory, much like myself, and I can't remember back when I used to live back in Nigeria, but I think I used to have a pet elephant. So elephants are big, strong and gentle, and they have great memories, and they begin with the letter E_, just like Ebenezer. Thank you. Oh. Oh oh I think you ga The little The the Oh that's good, we can clip them on. Okay. Yeah, there was this microphone as well that you Just um somewhere I think so. Yeah. There you go. Oh, that was profiting, that was an amount, so that's the amount made, okay. Yeah. Oh. 'Kay Well um I've noticed that uh gaming c is becoming quite popular with television, um when I was younger we used to e play games using our cable, using the cable subscribed the cable providers, but our remote controls would get worn out really easily, and the remote control was not a great kind of keyboar, um keypad, for playing games. So perhaps one that was more um specialised for game playing or interactive television. They they've recently brought out this new remote control, for people to set their favourite channels, or um to record things. Instead of people entering in what time things start, you simply stri slide a bar to say what time it begins, and slide another bar to say what time it ends, you know that's Yeah, it's it's taken out the Y you don't have to be uh really clever to use a remote control. I think for gaming, you know you want you want some big buttons for up, down, left and right, shoot. Uh, you wanna be able to change angles in interactive television, so you need buttons to change the television angle, the camera angles and stuff like that. Yeah. What the user wants uh. Okay. Oh. Okay,. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. So..