Can try to plug that in there but Right. That's what we have there. That's plastic. Plastic covered with rubber. We might uh add some more underneath here. Maybe give it, give it a form. I mean you're supposed to hold it like that, but um just if you grab it, take it from somewhere, so yeah, you have some rub yeah. Exactly, use both. Might as well think about Th think about the button as well. Like either put either one one on either side or not do it at all. It's a quick on-off button. That's um yeah I think it's pretty important. So you don't have to fiddle with that. Right? Um that's not um I'd say a bit smaller would probably be nice. You wanna play with that over there. There you go. Right.. I'd say, when it comes to the ergonomics, the form and stuff, yes that's definitely more beautiful than your average. However the colour, we don't have a say in that. That has been, that has been dictated pretty much by the company. So uh to answer that honestly I would rather say like uh, we have not solved the problem completely with the ugly remote because the colour is ugly, definitely. 'S nothing you can say about that. I mean I much prefer something like brushed chrome with that form. But Right. Right. It's different. You don't want your uh three feet huge L_C_D_ dis display in your living room that's hanging from the wall to be controlled with something like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's very intuitive, I think yeah. S give it a one. Right. Right. So that's a one. Something that big and that yellow you just don't lose anymore. Oops. Hmm. Well what S Mm. Oh yeah. You probably Mm. Y you could add an extra feature actually. Which makes this thing raise hell when you remove it too far from the television. We could add that but that's nothing we have thought of so far. Yes. It's it's Um the it's based on this anti anti-theft technology for suitcases and stuff, where you have one piece that's attached to your luggage, another piece that starts beeping. That can't cost much. So that can also easily be integrated because these things are small enough to to hide, so you have one piece, you have to glue somewhere behind your stick it behind your T_V_ and the other Right. That'd be tough then. Well also your remote would uh alarm you if somebody stole you t your television, yeah. Ran off with it without taking the beautiful remote control. Let's add one of those features and say yes. Two. Uh It's all just It's all just stolen technology when it comes down to right right right right. Yeah not really. Right. Yeah well you have that, kind of, sort of. It's not a one though. One would be the whole thing to fold and stuff. Yeah. So that's a four at most. Y yes. More Well the recent fashion is rather displayed in the in the L_C_D_ and the way you operate it than the form and the colour, but it definitely is. I'm impressed. I can't do that without a calculator. Fifty percent, you're kidding. P It's too much. Um Uh Battery. Two. At four it's gonna be too heavy, so that that's not our problem. People can change it every month. They won't know until after they bought it.. That's the advanced chip-on-print, yeah. Double curved, yes. Plastic. N no. No that's just one. It's just one mo single mould, we can do that. Exactly, right. That's not a special colour. It's a specially ugly colour, but it's not special. S Yes unfortunately. We could of course make the buttons wood. Say mahogany or so Mm-hmm or titanium. Uh just Yeah that's too much. It's hard to believe. So we'll go for the hand dynamo huh? I mean let's let's face it, it also depends on the software on the on the television. You can have the the information that this thing transmits be being displayed on the on the screen. So s yeah let's take away the Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. We may not need it. There you go. Perfect. Okay, the So we can just take away a heck of a lot of the there you go. central? Oh that's just yeah. There you go. Oops. There you go. One more criteria. Fair enough. Great. Yeah. Just half a day, you have a remote. There you go. Super super. Well that's not my fault. That's obviously the people I work for uh that work for me, uh they've just you know Heads are gonna roll, believe me. Yes yes..