All hooked up. Okay, so now we are here at the functional design meeting. Um hopefully this meeting I'll be doing a little bit less talking than I did last time 'cause this is when you get to show us what you've been doing individually. The agenda for the meeting, I put it in the sh shared documents folder. I don't know if that meant that you could see it or not. Did anyone? No. Oh well. Um I'll try and do that for the next meeting as well so if you check in there, there's a shared project documents folder. Um and it should be in there. Project documents, yeah. So I'll put it in there. Is it best if I send you an email maybe, to let you know it's there? Yep. I'll do that next time. Um I'll act as secretary for this meeting and just take minutes as we go through, and then I'll send them to you after the meeting. The main the main focus of this meeting is your presentations that you've been preparing during the time, so we'll go through each of you one by one. Um then we need to briefly discuss the new project requirements that were sent to us. I just sent at the last minute, I'm sorry about that, but we can see how that affects what you were you were doing. Um and then we need to, by the end of the meeting come to some kind of decision on who our target group's going to be and what the functions of the remote control that's the the main goal is to come up with those two things, target group and functions of the remote control. And we've got forty minutes to do that in. So I would say yeah? As uh who it is that we're going to be trying to sell this thing to, yeah. So we need to yeah, we need to have a fairly defined group that that we want to focus on and then look at the functions um of the dem remote control itself. So with that I think it's best if I hand over to you. Does anyone have a preference for going first? You wanna go first? Okay, so we need to unplug my laptop and plug in yours. I assume we just pull it out? Just before you start, to make it easier, would you three mind emailing me your presentations? Once we you don't have to do it now but when once you go back, just so that I don't have to scribble everything down. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Do you have any um i idea about costs at this point? Br Okay. 'Cause that's something to consider, I guess, if we're if we're using more advanced technology, it might increase the price. Yeah. That's fine. Are there any more questions, or shall we just skip straight to the next one and then we can discuss all of them together at the end? Yeah, I think that will do. Okay, so do you want to Yes, shall shall we pull this up? I think that has to come out of there. Yeah. Yeah, I thought those last minute things, they're gonna hit you the worst. It ta takes a little Oh, and have you you need to then also press on yours, function F_ eight, so the blue function key at the bottom and F_ eight. Now it's coming, computer no signal. Maybe again? Okay, adjusting. There we go, there we go. Oh, if you press if you press function and that again there's there's usually three modes, one where it's only here, one where it's only there, and one where it's both. Okay, so one more time. Should yeah just wait for a moment, adjusting. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. If I mean that was the the directive that came through from management, but if we had a a decent case for that we really think it's important to include video and D_V_D_, I could get back to them and see. It's w it's just whether it's worth arguing about. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Are there any questions for clarification of Maarika before we go on to the next one? Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Sure, we can discuss that maybe after the next one. Do you want to yeah. Oh, I'm getting hungry. You set? Uh we need to do the function key thing so that it comes up on here. Hello. Is it plugged in prop it's working? Okay. Excellent. It's um switching between channels, sort of randomly going through. Mm. Ooh, that's a bit difficult to see. If you explain it to us it'll be fine. Yeah. I liked the, I liked the litt ooh come back. No. Okay. Mm-hmm, that's the next one along, yeah? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. The remote control. Mm-hmm. That's alright. Mm. Keys and things like that, yeah. Whistle and it screams at you, yeah. Mm-hmm. That's you, excellent. Um. I'm just gonna tick yes. So, we've got about ten, fifteen minutes to discuss Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Then again I guess the th where it was most popular was the fifteen to twenty five bracket and the I don't know how often they're buying televisions. Yeah, but you don't have much money, generally. I would've thought it's it's more that twenty five to thirty five, when people are really moving out and they've got their first job and they want their nice toys and O oh it's on sorry, we unplugged it. Here, let me Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, they've got no commitments and usually not a car and all of those things. Kids. Yeah. Yeah, and if we're if we're talking twenty five Euros as a price, that's not unaffordable, even for young people. Yeah. Yeah. But do they But the T_V_s are often kind of someone's old T_V_ that's blah blah and be a bit strange to have a fancy rome remote. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, if we ta if we take fifteen to thirty five, but that then does imply that we should try and incorporate voice recognition. Is that gonna have a an implication for the technical specs? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. With um but with a T_V_ remote it's gonna be quite limited if we're t saying the main things people want to do is on off channel five, louder, tha that should be relatively simple. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but maybe if you wanna look into that just to just to check. Um, so if we go for the the fifteen to thirty five age group and then of course we're going to get th anyone who's older than thirty five who wants to look young and hip and trendy and has the money, then they'll they'll still go for the same advertising. Yeah, I think we need both. Yeah. Mm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So that if that was in the the voice recognition, that would be great. Yeah. Yeah. Watch Sky and yeah. Mm-hmm. But that's definitely a possibility. Yeah. So that you can yell at it, yeah. Yeah. Alright. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That's but then if you're buying the remote separately, but y you could have something, but i if it was something that you could like stick onto the T_V_ or something, some like a two p if you bought it in a two part pack, so one part attaches to the T_V_. The l Well that's right, but it solves the problem of having different noises. Yeah. Okay, I think we're gonna have to wrap this up um. But if we go away with that that kind of general um specification in mind that we're looking at fifteen to thirty five year olds, we want it to look simple, but still have the buttons so it's easy to use, but only those key buttons, the major buttons and then one sort of menu one, and then voice recognition included as an option um but that obviously needs a little bit more working out as to whether it's really feasible and some of those problems we were mentioning um. What we have to do now is to go back to our little places, complete our questionnaire and some sort of summarisation, which y you'll get immediately by email. Send me your presentations so that I can use them to make the minutes, and then we've got a lunch break and after lunch we go back to our own little stations and have thirty minutes more work. Um I'll put the minutes in that project documents folder, but I'll send you an email when I do it, so that you know. It should be on your desktop, so on the yeah. So I'll put it I'll put them there as soon as I've written them. Yeah, and email them round. Yeah, that would be great. Oh yeah, put them in there. Yeah, then you don't have to email them. No, they're all called something slightly different. Technical requirements and something something, yeah. So, if you put them in there, we'll all be able to see them and refer to them if we need to. Um as to where we're going from here, you're going to look at the components concept. Yeah? Whatever that means. Yeah. You'll be looking you'll be looking at the user interface concept, on something conceptual and you're watching trends to see how we go and surely voice recognition'll fall off the map or something that um we'll keep keep our options op hmm? Components, yeah. No, we have we have after lunch we have thirty minutes to ourselves to prepare, so that's fine, w before lunch we just have to complete the questionnaire and some sort of summary. Okay? Right on time. Okay, so you can I guess we'll see you for lunch in a sec?