'Scuse me. Yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So. Oh, uh, there we go. Uh. Okay. Um. Well so that fruit and vegetables thing huh. I actually wasn't aware of the new trends in electronics and and uh So so okay, let me get this right. Okay, uh Okay, alright anyway. Um here we go. Conceptual User Interface. Trying we're gonna try to talk about, um what kind of uh how people are actually going to be using this iPod-ish remote control, based on fruit vegetable design. And, um, basically, so, this is a touched ba a touch-based graphical interface system. Uh, so people are going to be looking at this little screen. Um, kind of I mean I assume, are we still on the screen idea? 'Cause if we're gonna have to ha if we have this it just seems like in order to have someone going around and using the um the wheel you it seems like you would need a screen. But like if you think about it yeah but if so is it just okay. So, b you you're gonna have to switch to like D_V_D_ and like other things like that, aren't you? Are we Okay. Alright. Okay. Okay. Okay. So anyway if well we just we need to Okay so if we're not gonna have a screen I think I was thinking okay. So basically it's just gonna be a wheel then? And you're just gonna I mean I think you're gonna have to have some kind of a right. Yeah like you're g yeah like you're gonna have to be able to switch to like a mode where you can okay we're not choosing that, I guess. But like choose channel control, like if you wa Because people aren't gonna be able to have like, um, you know, channels one two three four five six seven eight nine. So that people seems to be well You know. But you're gonna have to scroll to get channels. So um I guess that's wh why I was thinking you may need to have some kind of a screen because So that people can go arou go back and forth and choose if or or then again if you just I guess I c I can see like some kind of a thing where like you sort of have like the number come up on the T_V_ like what channel you're on. You can just scroll and you can just get to like five or like twelve or I oh yeah? 'Cause you'll have to like but you can quickly s you can Yeah. Yeah if you do, it w so it would have to be you I mean so you basically just kinda need to figure out like what kind of, you know, range we need to have on the wheel, and um So you're either you're you know, th you're either doing this motion to like control the channels or like once once you stop that, you know, you can like tap for, um, different uh, whatchamacallits, different um, you know, functions like volume or, like you can tap just to get to different channels. Like if you just wanted to go to like from five to six you could tap or someth And then there's also the concern about you know um how do you get to the menu if you wanna change the brightness of your television, or if you want to um you know switch around, I don't know, like, these different modes like turn on the timer or like something something like that, like I would think so too, like So I mean and it seems it w it does seem a little silly to have this screen if you hardly are ever using it, you know, because but then again it would it does make kind of if the screen's sort of just like an option that, like, is just there and you're not really using it, that's kind of m yeah. Yeah, that's the only thing though. Yeah. So then basically it has to have some way to get to get to a mode on the television where you're doing, um You can get to you know, you can Like maybe it'll be that central button that, like, then you hit that and then you can it brings up like the menu on the T_V_ and you can just scroll around, like, to do the timer, to do the yeah, yeah. Yeah. But the remote itself isn't really cluttered up. Hmm? Yeah, well we don't want the screen I guess, but um 'cause that just it does seem like, it that would be, like, incredibly expensive, but I dunno, and then so, it just im really all you need is, like, this little wheel then, and you can control everything. So Yeah. It doesn't seem that you would need anything besides pow I mean and the power button could even be like hold down the menu button for like longer than one second and it turns on the T_V_. Yeah. Yeah definitely. Like, I think we're looking at something that could be, like like even maybe like a cir I'm f I'm seeing almost like a circular sort of like handheld like thing. I mean it it needs to be easy to somehow it needs to be easy to like manipulate and use your I mean how do how do I'm not really Like when I use an iPod, I end up just kind of using my index finger to like control it. So Yeah. Or your thumb or something. So Yeah. Yeah, so Mm yeah. Yeah, so but I mean I think it could be pretty small. Like, I d I mean, you you want it to be large enough that you can But can't you just get K Yeah, But, I mean, do you need that? If if you can get to, you know if so long as you're able to bring up the menu on the T_V_ screen. That keeps it really Yeah. Uh you wouldn't I don't I just don't think you would even need it. So Mean I mean you can do it, you it's it doesn't seem that hard. I mean I've never bought a remote. It sounds like this remote's going to be purchased separately from the television, which is a little My I've never bought just a remote, like, so I don't I don't really know. But um So, um but I mean it's I've never had a hard time with like my remotes, like bringing up the menu screen if you need to like change the date or whatever, you know. And I don't think that should uh that should be too hard. Yeah. Yeah. Well so So, do we need I dunno. Well I guess we have to you know think about But I mean you just basically need the output signal you know to be able to bring it up. That's what it does anyway. Yeah. Yeah. So, but oh, you mean if we have this screen like the iPod screen? On the telly, okay, yeah. So yeah I think, I mean, I think I think the touch-based graphical interface is a really uh cool idea because you know it is so obnoxious to like have to push those like okay now I hit this you know, you have your little guide out and you're like, hit this button twice, like to activate the date. Yeah. I guess. And it is trendy, the iPods are really hot right now, so Um, yeah, by web research, yeah, so Oh. Yeah. Oh, okay, that would be cool. Mm. Yeah, c that's e that would be kind of oh, you know, usually like the touch pad things are kind of a hard plastic typ mouse type, you know, thing. But what if we ha what if we had like a spongy sort of like stress balley kinda so you're like Or what if we integrated the the uh the f what if the whole thing about the fruit and vegetables we somehow made it tactilely fash you know, we c tapped into that, so like it feels like a vegetable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You could name it after fruits and vegetables, or Yeah. So I think yeah, colours. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately they don't have silver fruits and vegetables. I do I dunno. Um That's in the shape of a fruit, like a Yeah. Oh I like that shape. Yeah. Yeah. It's like it has to be s yeah. Yeah. What if, yeah, what if the squishy, oh so so you're saying the squishy part's like detachable, and you can so so maybe one you know you can have like the broccoli squishy thing, and then you could have like the banana squishy thing and you could get you could have your choice, you know? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think uh and I think the handhe I think the handheld part is definitely So you could make that into the fruit and vegetable part. Yeah. So where are the fruit and vegetables now? Fruits and veg. Yeah. Yeah. We could promote the banana one. Like mm. Mm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think, um it'd be interesting to have the b the squishy bit. The part that you, yeah, can change into the different, you know, trendy vegetables and fruits. But uh it Yeah. Yeah. The dynamo would be interesting. Oh. Hmm. Hmm. Cool.