So we've got both of these clipped on? She gonna answer me or not? Right, both of them, okay. God. Jesus, it's gonna fall off. A kind of dog? Sorry? Uh. Mm-hmm. Please, please leave me a space at the bottom, I'm little, you can get to the top, with standing on a chair. I think it's outstandingly good. Crocodile? O Beauti that's Okay. Um, I'm very impressed with your artistic skills, mine's are dreadful. Oops this is now coming apart, let me just put the top in. I hope that clicks in, I'll just I'll hold it on, okay. Oops, oh dear, what happened there? Hopefully that'll stay on, two-handed version. Okay, uh Again this is off the top of my head, I was gonna do a big cat too, um. Oh dear, it doesn't look what like what I want it to be. Uh. It's not a vampire bat honestly. Uh and somewhere there's a body behind. That's my dreadful that's the worst yet, that's it's meant to be an eagle you can tell it's a flying animal could have been a seagull, I never thought of a seagull. An eagle, um again I'm thinking on my feet goodness. I suppose they're all so independent, I'd put that one down again. Da dum um. Indepen independent, right, did you say they're good at golf? Are they? Oh. Oh right, okay, I'm not good at golf. I'd say they're quite free-spirited, flying around everywhere, doing their own thing. And uh, birds of prey aren't they, oh dear, intrepid. I'll put that, intrepid. There we go, hope that pen's gonna be okay. Whoops. Seventeen. Seventeen Pounds. Should we be making notes of this? We can just refer to this later can't we? Yeah, okay. Okay. Right. So so I suppose later it depends if we want to undercut the price, we d or or is it going to make our product look a cheapie-cheapie option? Mm. Mm-hmm. In our first year? Mm-hmm. You've got market range international and you did say earlier it's got to be a um accessible and usable by sort of all age groups just t we're not focusing on business market, any particular thing, it's everyone user-friendly to everyone. Okay. Big target group. No. Mm. Alright. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. My experience has only been being given the remote control with the object I buy, not doing any tampering with it and programming, using it to programme T_V_ and uh uh videos and things. But basically on, off, volume up and down, channel one, two, th that basic functions, I don't think I could go any further with it than that, so, I suppose it's got to be something usable by someone like me as well. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. And symbols that you don't necessarily understand, symbols you're meant to understand that you don't. Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Actually that just raises a point, I wonder what our design people think, but you know on a mobile phone, you can press a key and it gives you a menu, it's got a menu display, I wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful, so you've got a little L_C_D_ display. With menus, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Can he programme his remote control or is it basic with that too? Right. Right. So that's a problem regardless of of any design modifications you you come up with, that's gonna be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps, and that's another issue how we tackle that. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Is it possible that that for the older generation you could have like an extra button that you press for large print like you do in large print books? Obviously it displays less on the screen, it displays less on the screen but as long as they can read it that's the main thing. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. The other thing is, just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again, it could have a flip top remote control so that when you flip over the top, your screen is you can have a bigger screen in the the flip over. Yeah? Mm-hmm. Yeah, like smaller. And there's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone, it can still be lightweight plastic, you know? Something that's easily moulded and produced. Sorry I'm treading on your territory guys. Ah right. Okay. Sure b y yeah. But yeah, I mean it doesn't have to be that, you know th that was my main point, we don't have to use metal, I don't know if using plastic does make it cheaper, I presume it would. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Okay. 'Kay. Do we go back to our room? Yep?