. Yep. Okay. Yep. Can I have your cable please? Thanks. Okay so I was looking at trend-watching. Um unfortunately I wasn't given too much information. I was given a brief executive summary, and then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at. And then I'll just tell you some personal preferences that I got from that. Um okay the most important finding was that the fancy look-and-feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look-and-feel design, which I think we've kind of already discussed before. Um the second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative. And again these are all things we've kind of already come up with on our own, but this just backs it up. And thirdly the remote would be easy to use. As far as fashion update, we've learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths, shoes and furniture. So that might be a bit of a challenge to incorporate this into our remote, but we can try. Um and also, as opposed to last year, this year the material is expected to be spongy in feel. Okay so from that um, as we've already said, we need to focus on a fancy look-and-feel. Um I think we've already discovered that it's kind of hard to go away from the traditional rectangular design. But I think that, even if it's very subtle, we need to kind of trick our consumers, so they at least get the idea that they're getting something that's new and modern and sleek and Whether it's through the shape or the colours or all of that. Um for technologically innovative, we've talked about the tracking device. We brought up the idea of having two pieces, which we could discuss further. And Manuel had suggested um the energy source and the user interface, discussing some of those, um that we could change a little bit. We need to keep it simple, have limited buttons, which I think the two piece idea might be really beneficial for. Um we need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables. I don't know, I mean I guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape of a fruit or vegetable. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Or with exterior designs. But my question is, I mean the stereotypically speaking, you kind of picture males with their remote controls, and I'm not sure how they'd feel about having fruity logos on the outside. So maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable, or I don't know, different options for female, male target groups. And then the spongy feel. I guess we could look at mobile phones and other technology that's out there. C and look at different types of material that might please our users who want spongy-feeling remote controls. So that's that. That's what I was thinking yeah. Yeah. So when you buy your remote you can buy various coverings. Personalise your remote. Mm-hmm. Dunno. Spongy? Y probably not yeah. Mm. No. Hmm. Mm. Like a covering. Yeah. The we can have the fruits and vegetables on the spongy parts, so they can remove it. Mm. Mm. Bright citrus colours yeah. Oh yeah. Yellow and grey. I think having a shape could be a little ridiculous, like Well we kinda do yeah. And if it's yellow? Grey buttons yeah. Mm. Oh. Nice. Could look like a fruit bowl. 'Kay. So is the two piece idea out? Or have we not decided? Oh right okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Well what about what you said, like putting the finger grips just on top of the plastic? Yeah. So then for the scroll, are we going for the iPod type? Yeah? Okay.