Alright, that did nothing. Okay. Welcome to the meeting everyone. Just gonna attempt to make this into a slide show. Sorry guys. I did. Twice. This'll just take a moment. Or it won't. Okay we'll have to deal with it like this then. Alright. Um. This is the first meeting uh for developing our, our new product. I'm Heather, I'm your Project Manager. Okay. So um. So that was the opening. The first thing we'll do is get acquainted with one another. If everyone could go around and explain their role and um, and their name. Nice to meet you Poppy. Alright. Alright I'm Heather and I've I said I'm your Project Manager, um Well you can pretty much read what it is that I'm doing. But um um Yeah. And uh tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today, um um as well as planning the project, how we're going to, uh, create this product, and, um, discuss, um, our aims and objects of this, uh Which brings us to our next subject, is, um, um, as a team we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control. Um, we want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy, um, a completely new style, so that, um, can really appeal to a, to a generation that doesn't want a simple plain kind of, uh, channel-changer. And, um, it needs to be user-friendly for, um, maybe, for an example, for people that, um, can't see the numbers as well, or, um, perhaps an ergonomic design. Yes, it's a television remote control. Right. I believe I should be taking minutes on this right now. So, alright. Um, yeah. Um, the way that we're going to go about this is, um, we'll have a time where we can, um come up with new ideas alone, and, and work on the project and then, um, after we've brainstormed and, and thought about, we can come together in a meeting and, and discuss what, what um, what kind of functional design we want to use. Same with conceptual design and detailed design. So, um, making sure that it, it's usable, that as a, um and that it's, it's feasible to create, and uh, to come up with a concept of it want, what we want it to look like. Um, tool training. Is, is everyone, um Okay. Great. Great. Um One thing that, uh, we're going to do is become more acquainted with the, the tools that we have access to for our project. Um, one of them is our whiteboard. And, um, as a sort of team-building moment, um, I, I'd like us to, um, try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal and the charac characteristics of that animal. Um, why that, why that should be your favourite animal. So, um, I, I'm assuming that we should do that now. 'Kay. With our microphones still attached to our bodies. Okay. 'Kay, what's my favourite animal? Do come up. This is a team-building time where, um,, okay cool, um My favourite animal, which changes all the time, okay, right now it is an elk. alright, so And it goes like Yeah it's got like big antlers, yeah. Looks kinda like, like it has holly growing out of its head. Yes. Yeah we have moose and we have deer. Do you have 'Kay, um. Thanks. This is my Okay. That's a sketching of my my elk, and it, it is my favourite animal right now, 'cause it is a large beautiful majestic creature, that um, that um In a way it looks kind of awkward, because it's on spindly legs and it uh But it can really overcome harsh terrain, and although it's gorgeous it's also very dangerous, because it has um strong antlers, and uh it can really combat its enemies, even like it it's a it's an herbivore but, uh, it can really defend itself. Yeah. Right. Right, I'm gonna take minutes while, um, you guys express your favourite animals. Oh. Great. I forget her name. It looks kinda like a person. It's kinda like a peacock. Great. Do you hear the eraser buzzing while you do that? Yea Right. So, now that we know how to use the whiteboard, um, the next, um, thing we need to address is our financial department, to meet our our budget, um or not meet our budget but more, um, like what kind of, uh, selling range we'll be looking at, um, wanna make this um selling price of twenty five Euros. And so we have to, um, come up with a way to, to create a, a uh remote control, where um we can like the price to create it will be significantly less. Um, we'd like to, um to, uh, make fifty million Euro. I'm assuming that's what the M_ means. Um, and make it for an international market. Um, one thing we'd have to think about internationally is in the design of, um, like different kinds of, uh, V_C_R_s. Things like that, depending on which country you are. Another thing for the design team to think about. Um, we want it to cost, uh, absolute maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents. I'm bad at math. 'Kay. Um, so now that, um, that is underway, um it is discussion time. So this is time for us to bring our initial ideas, any um suggestions that you may have so far, a um your personal experiences with remote controls, and um, um, areas you see that, uh, could be improved in your experience with them. Does anyone have any initial thoughts? Mm-hmm. So what's something we could, uh, do to remedy that? Yeah. It's a great idea. It's a great idea. Alright. Anything about, um, the look of the, uh, remote control that you might have ideas about. Maybe it could be, instead of like a standard rectangular shape, it could be, um, something more interesting like Any ideas will do that you have at this point. Can hold it. Yeah. Well if it's a trendy original, um, aspect we're going for. I mean, you're the designers, you c, you can um decide what kind of, um, direction you wanna go in, but at this point in the, in the first meeting it can be any ideas that we just throw out there. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And the key issue here is, is being trendy and original. Um, that does not necessarily mean it needs to be outrageous. Right. Okay we have five minutes left. So, just to cover We have one more thing. Um, like you can go over your ideas, of course, in your own personal times. Um, our next meeting will be in half an hour. So you have half an hour to, uh, think about what you want to present. Or not present but bring to the meeting. Um, I_D_, whatever that stands for. Industrial Designer. I have to remember these things. Um. You'll be beginning your, your working design. Um, U_I_D_ the technical functions design will, will be worked on the next thirty minutes. Um, maybe how this can be achieved, and, um, we need the user requirements from the manag Marketing Expert. Um, you will get specific instructions, um, of what to do in the next half an hour. And I'll see you in half an hour, okay? 'Kay.