I'll wait until you're all um hooked up. Okay. Put it on in that way. Thanks. Okay. Welcome back everybody, hope you've had fun. Right um this is our conceptual design meeting, um I think we're slightly ahead of ourselves from the last meeting, I th I I think yeah um. This is where we talk about um properties, materials, user-interface and trend-watching. So I think we've touched on a few things to do with that already, but we'll just go over it. Um the minutes from the last time. Um we had a couple of um changes in our plans in that we couldn't use teletext, it wasn't gonna be a control for everything um and that we had to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow. Um we have decided on a leaving out the voice recognition, we've decided on there being a flip design and um a different shape from what's normal. We were thinking a shell, but something along those lines, just a different shape from what's normal, um. You were going to look into the rechargeable batteries and we were gonna think about the port and an alarm for getting it lost, things like that, um and our market was going to be young, business, kind of range. Okay, so shall we start with the first presentation? Yes if you feel It's okay. Yeah. Okay thank you very much. Um let's start from the inside and work our way out. I don't think so, not yet. Um, yes, thank you. I hate those little things especially if you do them on too tight and you can't get the leverage on them to undo them. Okay. 'Kay.. 'Kay. Wa can you explain that? Like a right, okay. How what kind of how l long can you get out of that, I mean can you pick it up and then wind it for two minutes and then that's it for the night? Or That doesn't count though does it? I thought it was U_V_ like Any, any I'm pretty sure that solar is from the sun. Uh, I don't think it counts electric lights no, but I mean not many you don't want to limit your market. I mean people who live in basement flats there's not that many people, but there are people. Mm, but then it would be charging through the day, I think the point is that it charges through the day and then you've got it charged for the evening. Okay. Yeah I've seen But then if you think about a watch, it's on your wrist so it's on your whole bod it's on your body the whole time so you're walking around, you're doing things, it is moving a lot of the time. If you'd I mean you switch the T_V_ on, then you put it on the side, then you pick it up to change it and then you put it on the side. Is it really gonna be enough? Okay. So it's not the draw on it isn't Okay. Like a dual kind of. Expensive as well. What kind of price are we looking at for I presume the normal batteries are the cheapest? Solar. Well they're not designed Practical-wise okay. You do get a bit of wear but don't calculators have a battery in them as well? Mm. Okay, can we add in uh an attachment to closing feature? Can we think about that? 'Cause if we're doing the kinetic thing and it's Well add it in to think about um because, where am I? If it is the kinetic thing and it is small and it is portable and it is a different shape and the kinetic is something people don't do kind of we're doing something original and different um but if you wore it if it's something you could just clip on your pocket then you would have that less, you you wouldn't lose it so much. But then maybe that's looking at someone who's just sitting on their own rather than the eternal battle for control of the controls. No. Okay. Okay, right. Mm-hmm. What kind of things do we have to consider there? Can we what kind of size, does it come in varying sizes or is it just one size and we would have to fit the design of Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Hinged, yeah. So instead of the fascia that comes off being plastic, the fascia that comes off would be the rubber, like those pens that you get with the grip, that you can you can pull that off. Okay. Mm. Well that's been really popular with mobile phones so I don't see why not. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh it would be flat inside. Mm. I think it would be good to have a contrast between, if the whole thing is gonna be this rubber thing it would be good to open it up and see something quite fancy looking inside. Now how would you distinguish, if you had it bare, how would you distinguish where you had to press, I mean Uh Like one of the palm pop thing. It would have to be attached. Okay, we'll talk about that so if you finish your and we'll come back to that. That's you, right okay. No. We're marketing to guys as much as we are to women. Well it's a remote control, you were sitting watching T_V_ are you gonna want to sort of open it and say oh shit I should go and have a shower and do my hair before I put the T_ Yeah, no, no. Mm. Okay. Okay, okay. Mm. Mm. Okay. Which means Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Can we swap that round so th that the ones that we use all the time are on the bottom part? 'Cause if you're thinking about holding it you would be using your thumbs to press, just like a mobile phone. Yeah. That's what I was just saying, and then have the and then have the L_C_D_ at the top and then be able to touch that for the other controls, so have the um the volume and the programme, things like that, on the lower side. Okay. I can't see that, is that play and stop and things? Or is that volume and channel? Okay. Right. Okay. Um I'm not sure how long we've got left, but we need to make a decision about um the things we've discussed. So, we agree on Do we agree on the battery? Yeah. Um, that means that there's no function for li the port, you know that it sits in, then pressing the button then having so we could incorporate voice recognition for the finding it. It's a bi i it's like a g it's a gadget, it's a selling point. I think the only I think the only pitfall that we would have would be how much it's going to cost if that means we have to cut down somewhere else, but I think pretty much we've used cheap relatively cheap and simple things. The L_C_D_'s not cheap. Yeah, okay. And you could yeah. Okay. Do you want like a back-up? Um, okay so we've got battery. The inside components is pretty standardised across the board isn't it? So there's not a really a decision to be made there, um. The buttons what did you give us as our The bare-board L_C_D_ or On the top one okay you've got the touch okay and then Okay, okay. No, it's fine. For the inside. Mm-hmm. Oh I think so, I think so. No I think I we don't wanna be tacky if we've got a kind of different shape anyway um the fact the m the material that we would be using would be cheap, so we could make it red, we could make it um psychedelic, you know, we could make it black and white zebra stripes, but that's not really what we're focusing on, what we're focusing on is the m you know yes. So we could just pick anything. It's just different it's just different from everything else and I mean, I'm trying to imagine um clean looking houses, sort of beige and black um so you either want something that goes with that, which is what's on the market anyway, or you want something that contrasts as you know like you get clocks now that are more of a talking point than an actual clock because they're so interesting and Mm. And you would just have an across the b you would have so many different options that you could do, you could have um a plain black one, you could have sparkly pink glittery ones for your little Mm. And ones tha ones that have rubbery spikes y you know, you could just go so far with it, like a puffer fish, you could just, you could take it wherever, so I think that's quite a flexible thing. Yes. Mm. Yeah. Okay we've got five minutes, um, or that might've been up for a while. Mm-hmm. Have you Okay. Well they do, but I think we can you could well it is, it is, I think you just address that with um advertising. Um, you associate the name with the individual product that it is and that does the work for you. Obviously it'll have a logo on it just like everything, but everything else has a logo on it. The point is that it's got to stand out somehow differently but I think it does, without that so I'm not worried about that. Depending on how i I mean we've got this memo saying that it's something that the company's looking into, so um that seems to make sense, but if it turns out that it's hugely expensive we'd have to cut down somewhere else, then it's worth thinking about. But I think we'll find out more about cost afterwards. Right I'm going to wrap it up there. I got a end meeting now message on my mo yeah so. Um so I think we've probably got it says, closing we have forty minutes so I um think we've probably got about that time before we come back. It's either that or we only had forty minutes to discuss what we just discussed and don't know how long that took. Is everyone happy? Okay.