Yeah. Yes. Yep. Yeah, Right. Yes. So when your dad's sitting there, overriding your decision, going no we're gonna watch this, you can bring out your own remote and be like zap, no we're gonna watch this. Yep. And as for as for um well budgeting as well, if we're gonna have lots of different interchangeable components. Is this to the market? I was thinking titanium, I was thinking it's just I have been influenced by pictures of iPods, and they're also minimalist and shiny. Yeah, but it's kind of pointless, isn't it? Yeah. Let's delegate. Yeah, maybe. Or I think possibly it might be more useful if Kate went next. Um You can even have them in different flavours as well. So that if you just wanna sit there and chew on the remote, it could be like pear flavour, yeah. Scratch and sniff. A wind-up. Bear bear in mind it has to be the colours and styles of the company, so what I had been thinking was something chunky and yellow and plastic with black buttons with a logo on it. But um I I don't know how important that is to keep it exactly the colours of the Real Reaction company. It's just what I'd understood we'd be doing. That's before I heard about all this hot tips about the future, fruit-wise. Shall we wait 'til I've 'til I've showed you what well, my extensive presentation on what sort of interfaces are available. You did seem to include just in more detail what I've got though. So so mine's a bit pointless. Right. F_N_ and F_ eight, did you say? I don't have it on mine though. Should I do it again? Right then. I don't actually have a huge amount of different information then what Kate says, just that my method was to look at the, well, my my inspirations, which was a big collection of lots of different models of remote controls and other things that use a similar sort of thing, including M_P_ three players, uh like you know, hi-fi remotes, not just television and these things. Uh having a think about the feature of ea the features of each ones, um what functions we actually need, and then how to group and arrange these on the actual the actual plastic or rubber hand-held piece. Uh I've been especially interested in the iPod style scroll wheel, which Well, I couldn't find a the picture of the iPod w only linked to a web browser, so I couldn't copy and paste it, but it had a similar thing to this thing on the right. It has uh scroll wheels without without a display, but they they scroll like a computer mouse. So I was thinking that uh um a really simple a really simple interface with just a couple of scroll things on it um and then instead of a display the display could appear on the television screen. Like I guess an existing Sky or cable one does. Like, you know, you press enter and it comes up with what's showing on that channel at the moment, and you can do you can scroll along and it'll show you what's on in the next half hour, and you scroll up and you can see what's on the other channels while you're watching the same channel on the screen. Uh but I'm also equally taken with this chunky plastic kiddie remote, um which is really nice and fun and good to hold and nice, big, easy buttons to press, but still quite simple and quite cost effective. So what seems kind of ideal for me would be to just have a fairly simple, uh not fancy but not totally minimalist, I mean just pretty simple plastic, probably, I was thinking, yellow and black, just because that's the company's colours, with very very few buttons, but that would correspond to a screen that would appear on the television screen, like, you know, just small along the bottom instead of instead of having the iPod style display screen on the actual remotes, which is far too expensive. And when you've got a screen sitting there in front of you, you might as well have it appearing uh on the screen in front of you, it doesn't obscure much of the actual picture you're watching. And so on that you can, just much in the same way as an existing Sky remote, scroll along, scroll up and down. And uh and I definitely support uh the use of plastic and or rubber. I mean titanium would be great, but I think it might be a bit too expensive and too kinda spacey. If we're k trying to keep it colourful and slightly organic, then I think titanium's too futuristic. Yeah. Whereas a plastic's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else. Uh then And it's a little bit pointless as well I think. Like when when when you've got when you've got the screen there, it doesn't have to be anything fancy, just a little menu showing yeah, a menu, you go into one menu and then it can have your different options, whether you wanna change the settings or the you know, your information about programme that's on at the moment. I don't think that's to taxing to uh s engineer. Um. But as for actually arranging them let me go back to the to the picture of the kiddie one. And I quite like it, 'cause it's just smooth and hand-held and it's got these easily reachable buttons that quite nicely uh spaced out, so something a bit like that with buttons arranged in a kind of circle. Up, down, left, right. I I was thinking not actually scroll, like a like mouse scroll, but you know, a I can't quite d uh describe it. you see on the one on the right, down at the bottom, is the mouse. Yeah, see where the mouse is, like this s style thing where you c have up, down, left and right. And enter in the middle, so you pick your menu and then your different options and when when you click on each one, it you can go into a new menu for that. I'm getting a bit uh specific here. Really we'd have to use something to show you, but If I don't think I can get it up on the screen. Ah here we go. Right. Well, the iPod spinning wheel is uh really complicated. It does scroll, but it is hugely complicated. What else have we got? Them, they're terrible. But they all have this this feature of this uh It's not quite a scroll wheel, but it's a kind of selection in this circle, which I think is a really good idea. Yeah, like up, down, left and right. Which is good. And then and then Yeah, so I mean either a channel up and down, volume up and down, next appearing programmes up and down, uh and then also when you get into the different menus on the screen, it's got your things like settings and contrast up and down. So all you really need is these four buttons with the enter in the middle. And that's it. Look at look at this one. Almost impossible to misplace or l or lose. Might take up your whole living room. Possibly. Yeah. That also is possible. Just Uh just something else I need to bring to your attention is have you have you seen these on a remote? This is actually the volume up and down, but they both say V_ on them, which, when you first look at it, you expect that to be the down, because it looks like a downward pointing arrow, but it's actually the V_ to indicate that it's the volume, so uh we do need to avoid little ambiguities like these. But we wouldn't have a specific volume up and down. If we're having the scroll wheel, then it's gonna double up as all the other up and down functions. But then, that's complicated. It sounds great. I've never come across it before, but it sounds fantastic. Sounds like it could be g a really good economical it would make the whole thing a lot lighter, more convenient. Yeah. 'Cause it's really a quite attractive thought, isn't it? It's like yeah, a good selling point. But it does depend how much I mean how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs. Do your exercises while you're watching the T_V_. Yeah, that's what I was thinking as well. Do you not think it might need like a kind of a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside, and then a kind of spongy Yeah, s thick spongy cover, so it feels like the whole thing's spongy, but actually you're not damaging anything by squeezing it. Because I mean you could just get carried away with the with the tac Yeah. Well you do get a bit carried away with things that are tactile, you just wanna stroke them and squeeze them, and Just copy the one on the left. No um a scroll Well, like four buttons, up, down, left and right with enter in the middle, that will correspond to a menu on the screen. Yeah, I'd like push buttons with So push buttons No, it's still it's still plugged in on mine actually. Now it's gone again. Oh yes. Great. I don't think so. Play-Doh.