Yeah. No. What is it? I think you've got to do um control F_ eight. Shift F_ eight. Ah there, it's doing something. I think it's that little Right. Thank you. Mine's not quite as complicated as all that. Did I press function? Yeah. Oh. Um. Okay so I'm gonna talk a bit about the technical functions design. I'm Louisa, the User Interface Designer, as you know. Um so the m basic method of this is to send a signal from the remote to the television set, so that a desired function is performed. Um an example of the function could be to change the volume up or down, uh so obviously you need two different buttons for that. Um to change the channel, either by pressing the number that you want or by channel up or down. Um to switch the television on or off, maybe a standby button. Um here are two example remotes. Um by the look of it they both have um kind of play and fast forward, rewind functions, so I think they incorporate a kind of video function which we won't have to worry about. Uh but as you can see, the left remote is quite um quite busy looking, quite complicated. Um whereas the right remote is much simpler, it looks much more user friendly. Um so my personal preference would be the right remote. So, it's got nice big buttons, it's got a very limited number of buttons. Um they're nice, kinda clearly labelled. Um I like the use of the kind of um symbols like the triangles and the squares and the arrows as well as the words on the um kind of play functions and all that. So it's very very user friendly, and it's got a little splash of colour. Could maybe do with some more colour. Um. Hmm. Do we get to see that? Will you be presenting that in a bit? Hmm. What do you mean by the circular section? Like all of that bottom bit? Yeah. Yeah. And I don't really think that you need nine numbers. I mean how often do you use seven, eight and nine? I think just one to six and then channel up and down should be enough. Like how often do you hit nine? Hmm. Um some remotes have kind of favourite options where if you always flick from channel one to channel six, um if that's a favourite you just like by-pass two to five. Hmm. Mm. Um. But I think a lot of um like Cable and Sky and stuff, that would be tuned to one channel, and then you'd have another remote for all of those channels. Like to get to fifty five and the higher numbers Yeah. But I suppose nine's not really excessive. I suppose it does make a good pattern. Okay. Um I think that's just for a video, so we wouldn't need any of that at all. Mm-hmm. Okay, so is everyone happy with that? Right well that's the end of my presentation. Do a lot of um There's key rings um that you kind of whistle at or clap at, I can't remember, and then they whistle back, or something like that. That'd probably be really simple, they're cheap. Yeah. Well I think it'd be really easy and it'd be a big advantage if we did have some sort of um kind of whistle back kind of function. 'Cause that'll solve kind of the frustration of losing it. Yeah. I don't really know about the voice recognition thing. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And that wouldn't put off the kind of older generation either, 'cause everyone can whistle or clap, and they wouldn't have to be kind of scared of this new technology. 'Kay we've already decided that we don't need a teletext button, haven't we? Is that one of the Hmm. Right. Yeah, I think so, so zero to nine. Hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, like the volume or something. Yeah, 'cause you do need um kind of brightness and contrast and everything as well. My dad was watching a film the other week and it was too dark, so I had to go through it and turn the brightness up. Well, if we're trying to keep it slee sleek and sexy as well, have you seen those remotes where kind of um the bottom bit slides down, so there's kind of um everything else revealed? So you don't use it that much, you don't have to see it all the time. But it's all there if you need it. Like a hidden panel. Hmm. And that'll be better for the older generation as well 'cause, well my dad doesn't like anything that you've got to kinda flick through a menu, but he can pretty much read a button if it's displayed properly. Yeah. And the volume? Um. Yeah. Yeah I think they're handy. I know it's probably like um not an issue to raise here, but um the whole thing about not using your standby uh because of the like waste of electricity. Have you seen the adverts? Like if you boil the kettle that's full that's a waste. If you leave your telly on standby it powers Blackpool for a certain amount of time. Like we should maybe try to discourage people from standby. Yeah, it's maybe too much of a big issue for here. Uh-oh danger sign. Yeah, but a little bit smaller. Compromise. Right. On mute. so. And then Mm-hmm. Uh there's audio functions. Yeah. I think they normally do. Yeah. So I think um there's quite a lot of like Dolby surround studio, surround sort of things. Um maybe for the younger market. Um I think they've got their own controls in this kind of like hidden panel. Oh no, I mean um like there's kind of individual buttons for them, like on the T_V_ remote. But I don't really know what they're for, I've never used them. I just know they're something to do with Dolby. Right.