Mm. You said uh targ target groups, what does that mean? Uh okay, 'kay. So are Okay. Alright. I can go first, yeah. Right. Um so f from the Right sure. Uh okay. So n uh with uh with regard to the uh working design of this uh uh remote control uh I've identified um a few basic uh components of the remote and uh se uh from the design, functional design perspective um w I c we can now uh know wha what exactly the components are and how how they work together with each other. So this is the method that uh I'll mostly be following in my um in my uh role. Um the identification of the components, uh and uh since since I'm dealing only with the technical aspects, I would need feedback from the marketing person uh and uh from the user interface person. Uh we'll then integrate this into the product design at a technical level and uh basically update and come up with a new design, so it's a cyclical process. Okay, so these were the basic findings from today. The last three bullets have been integrated from uh the last minute uh email. Uh I just quickly jotted them down. Um so basically uh the as I told you the identification of how the remote control works and what are the various parts to it uh and what are the different processes um and how the parts uh communicate with each other. Um okay, so e the mee email said that teletext is now outdated, so we need to do away with that functionality of the remote control. Um also uh the remote control should be used only for television, because incorporating other features um makes it more comp complex. And the reason why teletext is outdated because uh of internet and uh the availability of internet over television. How however, our our remote control would only be dealing uh with the the use for television, in order to keep things simple. Um also the management wants that um our design should be unique uh it so it should incorporate um colour and the slogan uh that our company um has it as its standard. Okay, so he he here is a functional overview of the remote control. Um there's basically an energy source at the heart uh which feeds into the chip and the user interface. The user interf interface communicates with the chip, so I'll basic go over to the Okay. So if uh if this is our energy source and this is a cell, uh it communicates uh it feeds energy into the into the chip, which basically finds out h uh how how to do everything. There is a user interface here. So whe when the user presses a button, it feeds into the chip and the chip then generates a response and takes the response to an infrared terminal, um which then so the output of the chip is an infrared bit code, which is then communicated to the remote site, which h has an infrared receiver. Um the there can be uh a bulb here or something to indicate whether the remote is on or communicating. Um so these are the essent so a all the functionality of the remote control, whatever new functions that we need to do, um make the chip more complicated uh and bigger, basically. Okay. Um so i in my personal preferences um I'm hoping that we can ke keep the design as simple and clear as possible. This would uh help us uh to upgrade our technology at a future point of time. And uh also if we can incorporate uh the latest features in our chip design, so that our um uh remote control does not become outdated soon and it's compatible with mot most uh televisions. That's about it. So anything that you would like to know or No, I don't have any idea about what each component costs. Um yeah. Anything else? Yeah. Certainly, yeah. So so tha yeah, we definitely need to operate within our constraints, but um unfortunately I I do not have any data, so uh I just identified the functional components for that. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Mm 'kay. I it'll take some time. Oh, there it is, yeah. It'll come up, it um uh no signal. Yeah yeah, it says something now, adjusting Okay. Oh, that's strange. Okay. And one more time. Mm. Sorry, cou could you go back for a second? Uh switching on off channel, uh volume, okay, that's great. So in the u user interface requirements uh uh uh we we have been able to identify what are the basic buttons that we do want. Um but um so so at this stage, uh how we go about implementing those button we will not identify or I mean in we can completely do away with buttons and uh have some kind of a fancy user interface or something like that. But uh is is there any uh uh any thoughts on that? Right. Yeah, and it'll make the costs yeah. Right. Uh I think the co costs will also play a big role when we come to know about them. So well we can probably wait until t we have more knowledge on that. Uh i if the if the costs allow, we can have like an L_C_D_ display and uh with um because we do want something fancy and fashionable as well. So yeah? Cool. try to press oh, okay, yep. Mm. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm. Right. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Right. Mm. Mm. Mm. Some kind of a ring, some Right. Hmm. Okay, that's great, thanks. Mm. I think one of the very interesting things that came up in um uh Ka Kate Cat Cat's uh presentation was um uh this this issue of uh uh like voice recognition being more popular with uh younger people. So if we need to have a target group um then uh I think as far as the m motto of our company is concerned, if we want to have something sleek and uh you know, good looking uh we are better off targeting a younger audience then um you know, people who are comparatively elderly. Um. Right. Right. Bu but but the survey did say that f things like voice recognition are more popular with them, so if you want to put in something stylish, then uh th it'll certainly be more popular with this i ye with the younger people as compared to older people, yeah. Right, and Right. Mm. Right. But uh still, if if you can go back to that slide and uh, how popular was it? Oh, oh, okay. That's alright, if you can just look it up on your computer, wh uh um people between twenty five to thirty five, uh how popular was so it was sti still still quite popular amongst them. So even they are seventy six percent, is that high amount? Alright. Yeah. So you're more likely to b Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Bu but even even in the case of twenty five to thirty five it's quite popular, right? So mm uh are are are Mm. Mm. Um I was having a a general outlook on um m most like sophisticated features, but voice recognition itself I'm not very sure about, because one of the p uh things that Cat pointed out was uh uh how do we go about implementing it? Uh and uh Yeah. But how frequently do we use it anyway and um uh h ho how good is it, you know uh voice recognition softwares are still quite uh Yeah. Right. Right. Okay. O Right. Mm. Right. Yeah. Okay, so it seems like a feasible thing to implement uh for for a limited yeah. Mm. W What uh Mm. What wh uh what I was thinking is that there is this uh separation between what the channels are on T_V_ and how they are numbered on the remote control. If we can do with away with that, our product can be really popular uh in the sense that uh a person can say, I want to watch uh I_T_V_ one instead of saying that I want to go onto channel number forty five. Yeah, so if uh if something like that can be incorporated, some kind of Mm-hmm. Alright. Yeah, that's Right. Mm. Mm yeah and it might become very difficult from a distance for the television to understand what you're saying because of the noise factor for the remote control being cl I mean it'll it'll mm. Yeah. Mm. So uh wh another thing uh that can be used is that uh there can be a beeper button on the T_V_, so you can go and press that button and um and the remote control, wherever it is, it'll beep, so we we can probably come to know where it is. Right, yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, yeah. Right. Okay. So where exactly is this i Ah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah in that one, right yeah. No. Right. I guess I'll find out. Wha what was it again that I was supposed to look into? Con components, oh.