Okay. So, this is uh first meeting of this design project. Um and I um like to show you the agenda for the meeting, I don't know if it was sent round to all of you. Maybe not. Anyway, this is the the plan for today's meeting is um firstly just to introduce the project briefly, um although I'm sure you've actually got some of the information already. Then the main purpose is to so that we get to know each other a little bit more. Um then we want to practice using some of the tools that we'll be using during the the course of the design project and the meetings, um specifically the whiteboard over there. Um then we need to go through the specifics of our project plan um and discuss come up with some preliminary ideas about it. And then that's it. So we've got twenty five minutes to do that, that's until eleven twenty five. S so any any questions? Is i not at this point. So this is our project. What we're aiming to do is to create a new remote control for a television. Um we want it to be something original, something trendy and also something user friendly, so it has to be quite intuitive that people are able to use this product. The method that we're going to use to complete the project, that has three components as such. There's the functional design of the the remote control. We're going the way we'll do that I think is to to work individually initially and then come together for meetings to to work on that. Um similarly with the conceptual design, we'll start off by working individually with our own expertise on our own laptops and then we'll bring what we've done together. Um and then the detailed design will come after that. We'll pull it all together. I think it th w we're talking the the functional design is more your um area of things where you'll be we want to look at what functions we need in the remote control and what what specific things it it has to do but the conceptual design is um perhaps bigger than that and includes the how people are going to use it and and that kind of thing. Um I think we'll we'll start that initially with the functional design already but then yeah. Okay, so that's just a brief overview of the p the the project itself. Um what I'd like us to do now is simultaneously introduce ourselves and start using some of the tools that we're using for for the project, specifically the whiteboard. So each person in turn, I'd like us to go up to the whiteboard, the pen's just underneath it there and draw your favourite animal and then tell everyone what the f your favourite characteristics of that animal are and while you're doing that tell us your name, what your role is and perhaps how your animal relates to the role that you're taking in this project. Would you like to go first? Oh, yeah, p put them in pockets. You don't have to hurry, we've got plenty of time. It's got no eyes. I thought it might be a cat. Yeah I can see by the ears. Mm. Excellent, and what's your what's your role within the team? Mm-hmm. And more about yourself, you're from? Mm-hmm. But not with rabbits. Excellent, to match the rabbit. There's a an if you have not enough room there's an eraser there and you can rub it off. Ah it looks like a dog. the other legs are on the other side.. And where where are you from? Estonia. Good luck. Mm. It's eating. Yeah. Excellent. Right, now now it's my turn obviously. Okay, here's a space. Yeah, I like the cow. I'm Jen. Um I like dogs too, but I can't do that already because I can't draw a dog as well as you can. I like Mm. Hmm. It's a gecko. Yeah. They're Yeah, they're l it's a kind of lizard. And I I like geckos because they remind me of warm places and, and where I was living in Cambodia they used to live in my house and they were on the ceiling and they would make little gecko noises in the evening. I don't like snakes. I come from Australia and we have nasty snakes. That's where I'm from, Australia. I'm from Melbourne and I'm your Project Manager for today and my role is basically to keep things going and make sure that you all work together in a productive way, so that by the end of the day we come up with a great product. Okay. So, let's see what's next in the PowerPoint presentation. So, I've just thought yeah I've just thought about this that we could even put it much more professionally as there we go. Okay, so this is the um overall budget for our project. We've got um we're planning to sell these remote controls for let's make that go away, that means we've got five minutes. Um we're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five Euros each. Um and with that we're aiming for a profit of fifty million Euros. And that's selling them on the international market, not just in the U_K_. Um so to do that our finance people estimate that we need production costs of maximum twelve and a half Euro so that we can reach that profit target. So that's something to keep in mind while you're designing. Okay. Hmm. This is let me just skip ahead to see that's the last thing, okay. We've only got a couple of minutes. Does anyone have any first ideas to bounce around about um what we're thinking of this remote control? Mm-hmm. I think that's probably something that w it's best if we take away with us, but if we all have a think, when we go away from the meeting, what specific things could be um included in this remote control that that are out of the ordinary. Something something new. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. So perhaps some sort of menu-based thing, or Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, no. It could be one button for a menu or something, if you really need to go and do that. Mm-hmm. Excellent. Oh I haven't had a look yet, yep. Mm-hmm. Great. Any other immediate thoughts before we move along? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. It's like those fancy websites that you can't access because you have no idea how to get in, but the designers thought they were great. Okay, so we need to wrap it up now, so that we can go away and get on with some of this. Um we've got another meeting in thirty minutes, so you're you'll be getting specific instructions once you go back to your workspace, but im basically you're looking at the working design, you're looking at the technical functions design, and for you it's the user requirements specification, like you said at the start. Okay? Thanks for that. Uh I'll see you in half an hour. Carry the laptops back again. Do we need to unplug things? Probably.