I feel like Madonna with one of these on. I said I feel like Madonna with one of these on. Right. Hello everybody. Back again for another wonderful meeting. Is uh everyone ready? Okay, we c we can hold on for a minute. I figured with the spam thing, if you can't beat it, join in. Are you ready? Okay, right, well, I take it that you are all ready now. Um alright first off we'll just uh recap from our last meeting. Um which was we got together just to basically decide on well to talk about what it is that we were actually uh supposed to be doing, and who we all are and stuff like that, mm get bit more of an idea together of what's going on. Um what we are gonna talk about in this meeting is um now that we know what it is that we are doing, now we know that it's a T_V_ remote and stuff and you guys have just been off doing some some uh R_ and D_ for that, that's research and development for those that haven't heard that before, see I'm learning all sorts of new technologi terms in technology today. Um yeah, we're gonna hear your uh th three little presentations, whether they be on computer or on the whiteboard or whatever you want. Um I'd like to um hear o I'd like to hear who's g who's on the um from from uh Catherine actually first. I want what I'd like to hear about is uh if we've finally decided on um what sort of energy we're gonna be using and It's just that yeah, let's let's hear from you first. Get yourself in position. I don't think any of us remember the fifties. Do sol solar panel things, do they have to work from the sun or can they work from a light bulb? Does anybody know? Okay. Mm. Okay, jolly good. What's a double curved one? Okay. So that might be an idea of using the rubber, but then it should, you know yeah. when a T_V_ programme's got one watching the match and your team's just lost, you can fuzz it across the room and it'll bounce off the wall back at you. Yeah, I like that idea. Rubber, we're all we're all going we're all liking that idea? You think you can market that? Ooh, we like rubber, ooh. Uh-huh. Well, we're gonna go with I think we've decided that it's gonna be a rubber case so push buttons instead of the wheel? rubble double double. I'll have a Big Mac, please. Let's have rubber push buttons, hey. Yeah. Simple, yeah. Chip on print. It's a bit. Okay, uh what I'm not understanding here is uh, okay, advanced chip on print, which I presume is like one P_C_B_ and that's got all the electronics on one board including the um infra-red sender? Right. Um what a what alternatives do we have to that? Y um what alternatives do we have to the chip on print? so it sounds So, why would we not go for that? If it's something that's inside the the unit. I it doesn't affects whether the customer's gonna buy it or not. Um we wanna go for an i i all so long as it works, you know. So let's not let's uh not bother with the chip on print. Yeah. S yeah, push buttons. What about what? Well, what do we need a speaker for in a remote control unit? S Yeah. It's not something that we wanna t go into with this product. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Basic battery. It's cheap, it's cheerful, it's worked, does work. We were go we were going with the late with the the R_S_I_ rubber, weren't we? The the The double whopper, please. Yep, but we're going for the simple buttons. Yeah. And it's cheapest all round, it sounds kinda funky, and we can also market it as i 'cause we were s saying earl you were saying earlier in your research that um the the people have the R_ people were getting the complaining about R_S_I_, and this is anti-R_S_I_. So that's another marketing point that we can use. But anything is gonna have buttons. Even if it's a jog wheel, it's still repetitive. You You see, you can still get it does you still get repetitive strain injury, whether you are pressing a button or pressing a flat bit of screen. It's the v it's the fact that you are pressing the same doing the same movement. It's not actually what you are doing. But the fact that this this rubber i is actually used in these anti-R_S_I_ ps specific Yeah. And you know, yeah, you can fuzz it across the room and throw it at throw it at your children yeah. Okay, Gabriel. Let's um let's let's hear from you about the um it's the interface. Great. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do we have an uh example of a good one? Brilliant. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well let's um so w what are our definite decisions on this then as a team? The um The the um the interface type we're going for Just the simple s simple straight set of buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, and we're not yeah. Are we gonna hav hav an are we d have we decided on whether w we're gonna s supplement it with anything, you know, colours or particular gimmicky bits to it, we're not we're just gonna go for something We're Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okey-dokey. Yeah, I don't have any other questions on this. Let's move over to Yeah, sure.. Yeah, the button that just does that, yeah. Cool. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, why should people buy this when they're already got a remote that came with the T_V_? What's that mean? Okay, now the trouble is is we've already decided that we're going with the stuff that works already, that's cheap. Yeah. Maybe we could um Of course, they do. One hundred per cent, that's your first thing, you go, oh I'm not gonna buy that, 'cause I dunno if it works or not. Okay, well, what do you two think about this? Yeah, what I don't understand what m Yeah, and it this is just gonna all this is being used for is your television. It would that would mean you'd need a television that has Bluetooth in it, which no no television does, does it? That would mean we'd have to make a television as well. No, that would be your telephone in with your television. Yeah, and i Nah, the televi the television would have to be a Bluetooth compatible, basically. An and there is no there is no such thing. Okay. Okay. Yeah, this that's that's very good. And and this is all tying in very nicely. The fact that it's made out of this rubber, we can throw it about. Th we should encourage people to throw their remote controls about, because it charges itself up by doing it. But yeah, by the squeezing it the Yeah, that's a great idea. Well done. Yeah. I wanna watch the pineapple channel. Well spongy, that's where. Yeah, we're we're ahead of the game there. Okay. Alright, yeah, no, this i this is good, so through all that we've we go we're right, we're gonna go go back to um going with the kinetic thing, that's great, using the spongy rubber that we were talking about that anti-R_S_I_ you can as you squeeze it you are not only therapeuticising yourself, you are charging the batteries, and um I'm not sure about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though.. Yeah, this is true. Well, okay, it seems like the only thing that we haven't really finally um agreed on is its image. Like, yeah, we're we're saying no we don't want it to be fruit and vegetables, but we dunno what it should be, or like are we going yeah it looks slick, but what do what do we mean by slick sort of thing? I mean you said earlier on i it should be funky. L keep it clean, keep it clean. Bright, but not too bright. Like the volume buttons should be the all the same colour and the d and the the channel buttons should be one colour and stuff like that, do you mean? Okay, what? Okay. Tha Yeah, I mean we that's we we Yeah. This is the remote control tomato. Yeah. Well, it's it's gotta be chew proof. So, what are you saying, maybe we should market it in different colours for different so we could do like the pink range, the blue range, the green range, the Mm. Well that's that can be down to bit of market researching you know, if that's easy enough to find out what colours are more popular. Mm. Okay. Alright. Well um, we'll alright let's what we're gonna aim to get together by the next meeting then um is from you Catherine wi your y y you know you're gonna be working on the the look and feel design. Um Gabriel, you're gonna be working on, you know come up with the the user interface design. Then basically, you two are gonna be working together on this. You won't be going off to your separate offices. Um and I think you are gonna get a chance to play with some clay. I think, yeah, it's gonna you know, come up ki you know, be ab for the next meeting be able to come in and show us some some i some physical ideas. 'Cause at the moment, uh you know, it's it's hard. We were kinda going, yeah, it's gotta feel nice, it's gotta look cool and that it's you know now we can actually start, you know, s some sort of physical something or other. Um and you're gonna be working on the product evaluation. Um. And I will be uh talking to the bosses, basically, and uh f fielding off some more spam and uh that's it really. Keeping things t well, uh you know, ho hopefully uh keeping things together. Um. Yeah, that's This is this is uh good. So we know for definite we know we've we've now got some definite things going on. We definitely know how it's powered, we definitely know that um it's gonna be a simple buttons, we're not gonna be going for the new technological chip on print expensive things, so we've we're keeping the costs down. It's this rubber casing that we can sell as um fun and funky. Don't know of any other remote controls that are made out of this stuff. People, you know, people are saying, oh, standard stuff gives you repetitive strain injury, well this remote control is designed to do the complete opposite, It's supposed to fix it rather than cause it. Um. you know, we're gonna we we're gonna as a sort of extra something on it, you know what what extra things are there extra things this product have? We'll look into this lock key facility, although whether or not it happens, or is possible, I don't know, but something to look into. Okay. I think that's um well done everybody. Anyone have any uh any questions, everyone know what they're doing? 'Cause if you don't, you'll I'm sure you'll soon get an e-mail about it. Okay. right well. It's um we're we've still couple of minutes until our meeting's due to finish. But um I got a note saying that you two who are gonna be working together so bef before you all disappear off just hold hold fire. Um. Um I think, it's uh, yeah, I think, it's gonna be par part more of a profit sharing on the product. Yeah, I think i I think that's I think that's the way it's gonna happen at the moment. Yeah. Yeah. I want a share in the space rocket. Did you see that this k that this company we've made a spaceship. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. Mm. And the spaceship doesn't have the R_ have a massive R_ and R_ down the side of it but I still want one. Okay. Um I've just had a sign flashing up saying, finish the meeting. Uh. Yeah. Yeah. It's not telling it's not saying do anything in particular just yet. So maybe you should go back to your own offices. Yeah. Yeah, it says you two