Right. I think, you might have to disconnect Rose. Yeah. I I think you just have to push it in really hard. Oh, got it. Mm, neither have I. Alright. Hmm. 'Kay. Hmm. Hmm. Mm 'kay. Okay, great. Hmm. Yeah. I think that could be our selling point. Right. Hmm. Right, I really can't see what I'm doing, so does anyone have a Ah-ha, look at that, showing up already. Yeah. Alright um No, how do I play again? Ah. Okay. So this is our working design presentation. Um I had a bit of some issues with this, because I wasn't able to find everything I needed, but I guess that's we're still in early stages. Um so, yeah, this is this. Though th the thing about working design is the what we're trying to do as a working design is figure out how the aparata apparatus can fulfil its function. Um one of the examples that kept coming up for me is that a coffee grinder. It works because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans and then you put the bean through a filter and that filters out, and then you get coffee at the end that's nice and hot because of the combination of electrical energy and then the other things that are brought in to make it work. Don't know if I'm explaining that very well, but how do I get to the next s ah. So h the method as um working designers figure out what you need to make it fulfil this practical function, what what needs to be done and how do we convert all the elements to make that done. So wha the easiest thing to do is to break down all the points at which you need something to happen. So you make a schematic of the way that the the energy is converted tsh towards this practical function. And then I think the easiest thing to do is gonna be work on each task separately. So um Uh. Uh. So the findings that I got uh very just very briefly is that you have a choice of the way that the information is projected to the receiver and in my opinion infra-red is the best way to do that 'cause you don't need a sight line. So that's one thing we're gonna work on. Um the user interface is critical here, because a lot of the things that happen in a remote control happen through the chip that controls that converts the electrical energy into data, which then goes through the infra-red, so the the chip that uh I think Ian is designing, is gonna be crucial. And really it all comes down to the to the user, because they're the one that's controlling most of the working design. So the components that we find here are the energy source, you know the battery or whatever that's gonna m make it work, then the chip, which converts the data, the user that's controlling the chip, and the infra-red bulb that's gonna let us move the data to the receiver. So you have four main components and they are designed sort of like this. You have your energy source right there which then um brings uh energy or information to the chip, which is also controlled by the users. You have energy going to the user who's controlling the chip ooh 's not what I wanted to do uh uh. Previous. Sorry about that, guys. Oh. No, no, no, no, no. Okay, let's just get back to my schematic here. W yeah, yeah. I think it's frozen. Here. Don't show me that tip again. There we are. Sorry about this, guys. I'm kind of pathetic with things like this. Um alright. So you have your energy source, your user interface who's controlling the chip, the chip also uses the energy, and the chip through the use of the user interface is gonna control the switch which will work your infra-red bulb, which will then bring the data to the receiver. So hopefully that makes sense for everyone in my kind of garbled way. This is the the parts of the working design that need to be figured out. And personal preferences, besides the fact that I can't spell, we need a long-lasting energy source, people don't wanna be changing it a lot. We need a chip that works well with the user interface, that isn't too complicated. We need a straightforward interface, like Ian was saying, simple, not overwhelming it with information and we need a reliable and clear infra-red signal, so that you're not waving your remote around and having to get frustrated and go do it by hands. So that's pretty much it for the working design. Rose, do you think you can give me a hand with this? Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna stick in your head. Mm. Ooh, no signal. Okay. Uh, it's a British thing. No. S Lottery numbers and sport scores. But if you ever see the T_V_ saying like go to page one sixty on Ceefax now, that's what they're talking about. I have no idea why we don't have it, but 'Kay. Mm. Okay, so we want something that looks good and is yellow. Okay. Well if we're gonna say that function um fashion we put the fashion in in electronics then you automatically, I think, a sort of younger group that that's who's gonna be attracted to this. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's probably uh a population w quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway, so that might be a fairly good target group for us. Mm. To produce it, yeah. Hmm. But right. Well but why are we why are we aiming for a technological advancement? Everything we're talking about is ease of use and simple and that doesn't necessarily mean more technology, in fact it could use it could mean, not. If they might be overwhelmed with with remotes that have too many buttons and too much technology. Yeah, simplification. They could have a crap remote that came with their T_V_ that's just impossible to use, or maybe it broke, or maybe they're just missing it. Hmm. Ooh. Ooh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's a good idea. Mm. Good point. Yeah. Yeah mm. The battery and that I think that the chip takes the data and presents it well, without sort of scattering. Yeah. I think so. The quality uh quality of all the components really, I mean, we can't really do anything shoddy work, 'cause it's gonna be visible down the line. Mm-mm. Yeah. Ooh. Yeah. I Mm-hmm. Yeah, but I th I think regardless we're we're aiming for the under sixty five or something. Or like single professionals or something. Yeah. It's really hard to figure out right now. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, t probably. Mm. Mm. Yeah, that'll probably be good. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Battery battery use. Yeah, but I think that goes in with simplicity and ease of use really. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. It I think it does. I don't I don't think of a way you can operate a chip and convert that much data without without one. But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone, or like a little cradle for your iPod. You could we could maybe do that instead. So you don't ha you got like a rechargeable battery. I dunno, that might contribute to less people losing it too if it it stays in one place. Mm. Yeah. That's just off the top of my head. Yeah, who knows. Okay Sounds good. Yes, I just did that. Hopefully it is there for people. Yeah? Yeah. Okay. Technical. So in there we have technical functions presentation, working design presentation and the functional requirements. At least that's what I have in. Yeah, that's what I have as well, R Rose So. Yeah. Okay.