Thanks. Yeah, that's probably a better one, to discuss it straight away. Um I have a lot of the information there. It might not be very clear. Unless you want to plug it back in to yours. I think the scroll wheel um Yeah, and if we're going for sleek and sexy, I think a scroll wheel is maybe a bit kinda bulky? I I've got um pictures well I've seen pictures with it kind of sticking off the side of it, and they don't really look great. Yeah, a simple pushbuttons. Hmm. But But the way that I interpret that um it doesn't seem to send out a signal to the telly, it just it's like a parrot just rep reply replying to your message. So I don't think it would effect our circuit board. Yeah. And I don't think you could really perform any of the remote functions with it. 'Cause the example that they've given there is good morning coffee machine, good morning Jo. It might be useful to say like where are you remote. Here I am, Jo. But I think that's maybe as far as that one could go? Yeah, just as a fun way to find it. And it says that I think it said the cost of that isn't too much. Um I think it would be helpful to find it, but I don't think it'd um Yeah, I think so. Mm-hmm. I think I'll just just check what it said. Actually I don't think it really says anything about the cost, but it says that it's already in the coffee machines, so like it's already kind of Um. Oh, that was quick. Um okay, so very brief presentation, um. From looking at the remotes that are out there at the minute, none of them are particularly um sleek and sexy. Um I haven't actually got the examples of the scroll button there, um but there's some curved cases that you can see, uh a range of sizes uh. All of them have a lot of buttons there um they seem to just have the rubber buttons. Does that move it? It just seems to be skipping on without us doing anything. Ah it's alright. Um. There wasn't much more to say about that, just rambling. Um some of the uh remotes that I looked at, one of the models da did actually have voice recognition where you could um where it was connected to the remote control functions. And uh it was quite uh a swish model, where it can control uh four devices, T_V_, cable, satellite, video, D_V_D_, audio. Um so that's a bit of competition there. So I mean maybe it's better not to try and compete with that sort of thing and just to market it as a completely different um like different viewpoint as a kind of finding your lost control rather than trying to compete with the functions. Um the scroll buttons, as you've already mentioned, um there's examples of those, but they don't look as sleek as other models. And there's no real advantage and because it impacts on other on the materials and the price it's not great. Um Yeah. Th there was a specialist type of remote that we could think about, um. There was children's remote, where um they just had a very limited range of buttons and they were b uh bright and colourful and um you you could program them so that they could only look at certain channels. Um but I don't know if that's really in our field? But that's something that's out there. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Right well that's something that we can be aware of. Um. I think because there's already um very good voice recognition technology out there, and because ours might not cover the same functions that the leading brands do, it might be a good idea to market it as a um finder function. Yeah. Oh yeah. Different languages might not be compatible. Hmm. Yeah, 'cause I think you program um this one yourself, like to say like whatever you want to your question. Hmm. Maybe unless something else comes up. Um yeah I think um I think we've decided that it's gonna increase the cost and give no real kinda extra benefit and it's gonna decrease from the sleekness of it. Hmm um and just to be aware that there are kind of specialist functions and specialist remotes but we probably don't want to focus on those like such as the children's remote. Yeah. Um there was a mention just as kind of a warning about button design. Um just to avoid ambiguity. So it gave the example of say your volume buttons for up and down, they might both have a V_ on for volume, Um let's think how they did this. I'm just gonna check so I do this right. Um. What did they say? Um I think the thing was that if you decide to do this, to have triangular buttons, um somebody might look at this one and say oh well this triangular button is pointing up, and that's the first thing that they see Actually that can't be right, can it? Oh well, no, they might see yeah, they might see this pointing down and think right that's gonna turn the volume down, whereas the actual button's pointing up, so the function is to turn the button up. So, be careful what you put on the buttons and be careful of the shape that you make them, because they might be kind of two um contradicting kind of shapes. Yeah. Um and I think that's all I had to say for that. Um so what was the decision on the um design of the volume button? Oh okay. I think if you start making the buttons fruit shaped, it might make it more complicated to use. Yeah. Maybe just one button, say the standby button is quite kinda separate from all the other functions. Maybe that could be a little apple. And then that wouldn't get in the way of like kinda one to nine, and it wouldn't confuse the numbers. Hmm. S But I suppose as long as it's quite a subtle design, um even if the design kind of changes, It seems like you're gonna have rubber cases, as well as buttons. And that you can make them curved or double-curved and that would be the kind of sleek and sexy look. Oh right, that fits, doesn't it? Right. And that would fit in with what we want, wouldn't it, for the spongy feel, to have everything rubber. Hmm. Yeah and then you could have Oh but you still would have to have the logo on every new case, but you could have like pink cases for girls and red ones and things like that. Hmm. But we are supposed to use the um company colour scheme, aren't we? We haven't really seen that yet It might and we might be able to do both but it might clash with certain things. Hmm. Well if it's for young people, um like the phone generation, that sort of thing'd probably go down well, and the market research has been on that side of things, hasn't it? Okay, so if we just went for one colour of a rubber case Did we decide on the rubber case? The spongy feel, or did we think that that might go as a trend? Uh we haven't really talked about uh the curvature of the case. There's flat, there's single-curved and there's double-curved. I'm not exactly sure what these things look like. Well it says that I'm not exactly sure. Um I'll show you the remotes that I've got. See how uh Let's just get that bigger. See how uh the one Oh I'm not plugged in, am I? That doesn't help. Shall I just turn it round for time? Hmm. Um it's not very clear up there, but you can see some of them have got kind of bulges, like the second one and the end one uh where there's a curve there. I'm not exactl I don't know if a double curve is maybe it comes up slightly, or? But um it is a kinda sleeker look if you've got curves in there. Definitely a single, maybe a double. Shall we go for single curve, just to compromise? Yeah. And the rubber push buttons, rubber case. Um and we don't really know much about the colour scheme or logo yet do we, but possibly a sticker. Yeah. Yeah and and the voice recognition, we can use that can't we, just to find it. Without affecting the circuit board. Yeah that sounds like it wouldn't do too much harm in a couple of years. Uh what sort of shape do we want? Yeah, so it's not too wacky. Um I think an apple would be a good recognisable shape. If you start getting into kinda aubergines and things, it gets a bit weird. Vote? Shall we vote on it? Anyone got any suggestions? Right. Okay. Ah. Well it could be red. Yeah 'cause we wanna incorporate a bit of colour if we can, once we find out um Yeah. Yeah that seems pretty straight forward. 'Cause most of them will just be kind of mainly circular or like very plain. Uh just to keep the shape of the buttons simple. Ah just the uh shape of the buttons. Yeah.