Oh right okay. I cover myself up.. I've always wanted one of these, I really have. Where do you buy 'em from? They're. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Mm-hmm. Batteries. It's here. Ah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. I think rubber's But after my after my fashion thing, I think you'll realise that rubber is more People. What about the just developed uh sample sensor? G there, the sample sensor, sample speaker thing. Mm, I dunno. Be cool. Channel two. Oh, it just gives an answer. Oh, then then I thought I thought it was when they said I thought when they said, voice recognition, they meant um like, channel five, and it will change. Like you talk to it. Can I have channel five? Oh, then forget about it. Oh right okay. Mm. Mm. Yeah. So it will look like something like this.. Yeah. Well the rubber push-buttons. Don't you have to move your Mm. Mm. Yeah, the rubber's good. Yeah, so they can sit there and go like Mm. Mm. That does get annoying. Uh-huh. Well Maybe we can Right. Well, I'm just basically letting you know what's happening in the markets and what the fashions are for next year. Um. So yes, so from looking at this year's trends and fashions and also recent investigation that we've done in the remote control market, we have found that for the remote control market these are like most important aspects like that we really need to which we've already probably discussed. Um the most important aspect is look and feel. So the remote control has to look and feel fancier than the ones that already that we already have. So it has to be Yep. Exactly. Um second, uh it should be technologically innovative innovative. So Technologically it should be like um work, basically, I guess. It should work. Should That's new. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. So, no loose That's why I was thinking, Bluetooth, 'cause if you like put up Bluetooth, and it's like a Bluetooth remote control, everybody's gonna like, oh, 'cause Bluetooth is the in thing nowadays, like it really is, like people and um when it comes to marketing like that's what people go for, they don't really care whether, you know, at the end of the day whether it works properly or not. Well, they do, but it's like it's not Yeah, but it looks good. If it looks good and it's it can just be there for decoration. But like You could always insert, yeah. Yeah, but, I mean, people like Well, if you're looking at if you looking at something that's going to be bought by people, you have to make it new, you have to make it state of the art. Well, it doesn't Like it doesn't have to be, you know, Bluetooth, that was just an idea, but like it needs do something that, you know, is new. Whether it's a battery it could be something really really minor, you know, like but I think we are really keeping to what is already out there, and people've already seen it, people've already got it. If we want something new, we need to move away from what we already have and um just go creative. And then you can market it. Never have to change a battery again. I think, safety s Yeah. Third most important aspect uh is it's easy to use. And I think we've all um worked that out. Um okay, in the fashion, how it's supposed to look. Next year's fashion i very much in fruit and vegetables are thm are like the theme for cloths, shoes and furniture. So next year people will be buying, I found this really funny, you know, strawberry shaped chairs, and things. Yeah. Rubber things. Um and as it's rubber the feel which is in this year is spongy, so it's it's not quite spongy, but spongy, I would say is yeah, so we're in. Yeah. And so personal what I was just saying like move away from the current remote controls uh like the look and the feel of the current ones and change the look and feel, while still keeping to the company's image, basically. So yeah.. I had to say So we're moving in the right direction like Mm. Maybe make it like fruity colours or something. Some sort. Or Mm. Well I think, if it's rubber it needs to be different. I think, it's it should be I mean, what do you associate with rubber? You know like really different colours basically. Okay, sor I sorry, I used the wrong word, what do you associate with the mate the material that material? Um Um like I'm just thinking bright colours. Bright natural colours, nothing too Bright, but too not yeah. Like no lime green or bright yellow or bright pink. Wanna make it different colours so anybody can choo like like Yeah. And on the back of it have the logo. Well I can say in this country, you'll get, you know, lots of people wanting something really funky and cool. Like and kids will be walking in with their parents saying, Mummy I wanna buy that one. And uh parents will see the will see the pro as well, because it's um like kids won't break it, it's not breakable if you throw it around. Especially with younger kids, you know they can pick it up and and Yeah. The only thing is is that really small kids might chew on it, but Yeah. So so it's rea it's quite it's quite like um user friendly and also for different families, like like family use as well, so for little kids and for old ki like teenagers will like it, I think. Especially maybe younger girls if it's in pink they'll be like pink remote control for their room something. Yeah. So like you walk in, you're like, oh I like that remote control, because it's so bright, and then, and then the shop assistant comes up and says, oh what colour would you like? and then they go like, oh I can choose the colour wow. So it puts, I think, even the customer into more control over what they're buying instead of, you've got all colour it's either that or nothing. So they also get to pick. Well, personally I like walking into a shop and choosing a colour. It's um Yeah. Mm. D you've got the Evaluation. Mm. Yeah. S This gives you all the details? um. Yeah. Mm. Mm.