Okay. Oh I totally Yeah 'cause I moved it. 'S put it over here. Then we don't have to worry about it. Huh. Yeah that's not you. Ah. Fair enough. Mm. Right. Appropriate, okay. Mm 'kay. It is an option. Ah. I see. Nice. Do we need to worry about um rot factors? Oh okay, there's preservatives involved, we don't need to worry, okay. Fair enough. No but It's a couple years off at least. Okay. Mm. Mm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm 'kay. Right. Do we have um other, for lack of a better word, skins? Covers? In play now or are those ones gonna be developed later once we see how the couple we have g go or? Do we know where we stand on that yet? Oh I wasn't expecting a prototype I just didn't know if you guys had any in mind yet. Okay. Just veneer really, yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. And the whole thing Okay. Right. Yeah. There's Okay. Mm 'kay. Okay, very cool. Okay. Okay. Yep. It's still an option if we need it. Very cool, nice job. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. M come in at sixteen? Yeah. Mm k. True. Nah. Although we don't wanna get rid of the whole environmental I mean obviously the solar cell is a big piece of the way we're marketing this as like a natural, new thing, but honestly if we cut that one piece out we're actually coming in under budget if I've done my math correctly. I mean Which, it's yeah that's what setting us into this young market, I mean that's where we started from, so I don't know, and I mean you know perhaps when the cell technology comes down in price we can bring that back into the game but it looks like at this point that may be out of our league. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think unfortunately that's our best option. Mm. It kind of yeah. Mm-mm. Yeah. Unfortunately I think we are. That would be me. Um cord? No problem. Can you reach, that would be great, thank you. I didn't even do that one on purpose either, damn. Okay, um, basically I was just evaluating um from what we know of how our product's working right now with the criteria that we set at the beginning of these are the things we needed to do, these are the things that look like we feel they're important. Um so I was looking at basic design things, does it fulfil its functions as a remote? Is the design what we wanted it to do? I are technologies up to where we hoped they would be and does it fulfil the aesthetic qualities that our original market research was looking for? Um. Basic questions like, you know, does it turn on? Does it respond to voice recognition? And overall, in general, it looks like it's coming up to par. Um, the only thing is with with the pull-out panel, that is, can it take some adjusting because it's a new sort of interface, um that looked like it was coming up rough, but then, once you get used to it, it does make a lot of sense. So I think overall we're headed in the right direction. So. Yeah. It looks like it's going over well, so we're we're good yeah. Yeah. It's I think eventually if we do um branch out with this product maybe we do have a higher budget options and if it goes over with this model we can look into um wider range voice recognition like from other rooms of the house and stuff, but for now, what we've got is working in the range we need it for, so it's all good. That's everything from me. Yeah. Yeah, it is a set-back, but Okay, do you need the cord back? As in within the team or? Okay. It is now, you're in charge so there you go. Whatever. Um. I think they're starting blocks yeah. Um, you know I think in general, for a day's worth of work we actually were relatively productive, considering the little amount of input we had going in. Um, and the technology has definitely been a help, it's really been interesting to try out all this new stuff. No, we didn't. We could now if that'd make up for it but really and I feel like if you guys had been designing in here perhaps that would have changed but because of room constraints, doesn't really matter. Yeah I think I was taking notes more often than usual just 'cause I liked the pen, yeah. Mm. I am disappointed I didn't get a note back from my personal coach. Yeah, but I didn't get a response so we'll see. Okay that would be kinda creepy. Well what kind of coaching is that really? What if I really needed something. I think so. And even then we did get a decent product turned out although it's not everything we wanted it to be. Organic, really. And highly resourceful team mates might I add which is always a plus. Mm yeah, I'm impressed. Nice. All four of those little containers. Yeah. You could have developed multiple skins really had you had more colours. Oh well. They were good. Yeah. True. Do your own. Though I did feel like th the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the day. I mean maybe it's just me but I didn't actually get any information for the last presentation at all. Nothing, I didn't even get an email, like that was it. So, yeah, I feel like that was slightly lacking but then you know, fill in the blanks on your own, level of creativity upped. Whatever. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh, that wasn't very much. Mm. Yes. Hmm, very much so. Yeah, already having the formatted stuff helped a lot. Very much so. Hmm. Yeah. That's kind of a good thing though, you know, give the rest of us some structure to work with so hey. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I except for a couple moments where it just got out of hand and I knew we were all lying through our teeth, other than that I could only imagine. Yeah. Totally. I think so. Though we didn't actually I mean other than minor discussion at meetings there wasn't except for the actual building, but I feel like if this was a team project there actually would have been much more of the collaborative like brainstorming, use the board well and this would have been six months' worth of work, not like three hours' worth of meetings. That's true. Yeah that is kind of Mine was the mics. I didn't feel like getting up and down and dealing with all these wires, I was afraid I was gonna break something actually. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. True, but it didn't even occur to me as an option, I mean I don't know that I would have but I know that I consciously didn't. True. Yeah. Yeah. Well it looks really professional. I know. I know, I felt like I needed to be professional so I didn't like draw all over my paper and stuff. Okay, well not entirely, but still, I doodled less than I usually do. I guess. Um. It did it just say in an email that we need to discuss that? That slide was like that? Well. Uh I think they still do their job. I am thinking outside the little square box though, with literally in like form I don't Yeah. It's still gotta be technically car shaped or it won't fit on the road, you know? Don't know. Kind of. Oh, how long was our meeting supposed to be? How much time do we have left? Mm. Yeah, at the beginning it started out and I felt actually like under pressure like the first couple were taking a lot of work and I was like had like all this brainstorming I was doing and then suddenly I was like well it's just another two minute presentation that you guys don't really care about anyway so type away. You know, you know what I mean like we all sort of knew where we were headed with it so it didn't feel like it mattered anymore. Mm-hmm. Whatever. Yeah. Very much, yeah. See I only got blank ones. My slides were all blank, they'd have a title maybe and they were just empty. Like with those words already on it? No. I wondered why yours always looked so more complicated. I think I added a slide one time. Hey with the whole new background being innovative, yeah that was class. Mm. I wanna know how our product would fare. I can't just leave it there. I think it would take extensive marketing, okay, an apple with a red button on top, even I am sceptical. But you know the whole Yeah. I know it is. Mm. I I noticed that. By accident. Well huh. An interesting day all in all I would say. I know. I Yeah. 'Cause it's such a functional item. Mm. Mm. We got it to be. Like cutting corners. Kind of, though it was really technically an evaluation of the product, not the project in general. Which I'm not sure is the same thing, at the time that just i made more sense, but I could see if they were really asking about us. Yay. Make it sound eloquent. Oh, I have to done I've I've done transcription before and it's really ridiculous how many words people say like just in the middle of their sentences like that that mean nothing. There's a guy studying it here, yeah, he's studying ums and ahs or something. Yeah. That's a good word for it. Just add some prefixes, sounds classier. I, yeah, pretty compulsively during meetings, like, yeah. Yeah, we are addicts. Mm. Yeah. I yeah. True. I yeah. But it's not regular I mean my grandparents had it in the eighties and I got it in ninety four, but still. Uh-huh. My um grammy does computer science back in the States and so they had um an E_D_U_ and gov network. There's basically the fundamental structures, but it wasn't uh household to household yet because it hadn't been partitioned off and stuff, yeah that was him. Apparently, does that include like champagne or something exciting? I think so. I think that's a closer. I have no idea. So is that a close? Okay, that's the end of the meeting. Thank you gentlemen. I feel like I'm signing off.