Yeah. Hi, me Raj, again. Uh in this meeting I I'm going to discuss about the trend watching, uh how these trends is going to affect our market potential and how important is this. So we have to look on this. First of all methodology. The met methodology to find out the trend was incl uh was done in a way We have done a rec not only a recent remote control market survey, but we also considered the latest fre fashion trends of the market, because we think that this is also a factor which will affect our sales and profit. So what are our findings? In our uh in our findings we have seen that when we did our remote control market survey we found that uh people l uh people do have preference for tho fancy mobi uh f remote controls which look and feel very good, rather than having a functional look and feel uh good. So this sh this clearly indicates their preference for the design their outlook of the remote controls. So we should take into uh we should consider this factor as the most important factor, because this factor is twice as important, the second factor which is further ti twice the as important as the sec as uh the third factor. So this factor becomes the most important factor in our surv uh uh in our mark uh means in take in designing our rem uh remote controls. No the first one is the uh the outlook of the mobile, the it should have a fancy outlook, the fancy design uh rather than just having a functional look and feel good, it should have a fancy look and foo feel good. The second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically uh innovative. We must have some technological advancement in the remote control tha rather than just putting it as it is as the other remo uh remote controls are. So it uh should be technologically innovative like glow-in-the-dark or speech recognition, something like that. So that indicates our technological advancement. And the third most important aspect in the ta to take into consideration is that it should be easy to use, like it shouldn't be too much co complicated, there shouldn't be too many buttons on this mobi uh remote control, it shouldn't be too complicated uh like this way. And it should be uh and customers should be provided with manuals that is easy to understand in their local language, something. So that they could know how to use these remote controls. When we did uh f fashions uh, recent fashion uh our recent fashion update shows that Ah yeah? Y yeah uh yeah, we have to, because uh d you can see how people have related their clothes, shoes, and everything with fruits and vegetables, because the g world is now changing it's trend towards organic, becoming more and more organic, becoming Yeah. So Yeah. So something like that we we should do. And people uh the f feel of the material is expected to be spongy rather than just having a plastic look, hard look. Yeah. Yeah. So so that they could play with it while handi uh while handling it. So that should also be taken into consideration. So these are my views. So No it ca y a The rubber which is good for health and which is quite disposable that we can take into co Yeah. 'Cause we It shouldn't be have any harm to the environment also, because our company is very well for taking all these concerns into consideration, so we don't want to have any harm to the society, so So that's all. S uh we didn't find out any such point. Uh yes, there could be, but we couldn't find out any, so Yeah. Oh no,. Yeah, uh yeah, uh yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. But in our market survey we have seen that people are willing to pay more, but they want the quality, they want f fancy look, they want some new design, something new. Uh yeah. Yeah. So even if we increase our cost little bit, within uh some limits, and we give something new technological advancement as well as new design with fancy outlook, I think we will meet the requirements and we will be able to have a good sales in the market. And the Uh i it will be easy because there will be, on L_C_D_ s screen, there will be different frent icons, they can just click ok okay, whatever they wa Ah yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I appreciate this idea, because then this this will help us in our advertisement also and we can relate with fruits and vegetables, the people's choices. That what our data shows that, so this w this w Uh the fashion trend shows that fruits and vegetables, like people uh now Spongy. Yeah, then only we can relate it with something. Yeah. Exactly. Or we can do something, we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey, let the public choose what they want. Yeah, sure. I will be happy to do that. Yeah. Or we can we can do one thing, we can just have a remote control and casings of different different shapes, different fruit shapes in such a way that a any casing can be could be fit into this mobile general piece. So whatever people want, like if somebody want it in banana shape, we will put that casing onto that mobile phone, okay, it will look l Uh yeah. In that w S s sorry? Uh like if this is a like if this is a mobile phone uh we will design casing in such a way like half of, we need not to have a full cover, we will just have a half of cover, okay? If somebody wants it i in banana shape, we will fit banana shape casing onto that, so it will give a banana shape look. If somebody wanted in apple shape we will design that, we will put we will put apple shape casing on that. It will give apple shape look. So in that way you can have any, that means whatever you want, without uh yeah. Yeah, button will be on the upper side, buttons will be the on the upper side. Yeah, buttons will be on the upper side, lower side we will just put the casing, so half of that will be look the Yeah, not not the upper side. So from lower you can, it means while you are holding of from this side you c you can have banana look or apple look, whatever. So in that way we need not to d have different different shape mobiles everything, we will just design casings fruit shape. And Yeah,. But But but do you think that it will be a good idea to use dynamo, tha these type of cells? Because then people have to, well like if the cell is out of bat Yeah, to mo Yeah. Yeah, because most of the people Yeah. Uh, solar power will w also not be a good idea, because then they have to keep m their mobiles outside in solar energy, and the days when there is no sola sunlight Yeah. Yeah. What we w yeah. I think we should a rechargeable battery will be a good idea. They can they can recharge it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Uh excuse me, Bri You just touch the pad, yeah. No? That's great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh it was under a different name. I will show you, in shared documents. Uh working components. Oh, you didn't get that. I will send new. Uh I'll put it in shared documents, again. Project documents, sorry, I put it in the shared documents. Uh yeah. Right, that's great. But I cou can't open that, because it w asks uh for some username or password. I'll show you. Ts Sorry. Uh. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, th thank you. Oh sorry. Uh excuse me, Brian. You have to keep your pen separate, because I used your pen. S Hmm. Hmm. So sh should Should we leave now, Brian? Or we are going to discuss something? Yeah. Excuse me. Sorry. Thank you. Yeah. So.