Think we can first. Right. I just wanna 'cause basically I can't re I've really crap at remembering everyone's name so I just wanna rather than going uh Miss Marketing and Miss this and Miss that wanted to know your names again. just gonna leave this up here 'cause I'll you know. So Okay, and Gabriel. E_L_ is it? 'Kay. And you're s r R_E_I_S_S_ Okay. 'S just a bit nicer calling people by their names I think. Uh, right. Okay, right, welcome to meeting B_. Um this is gonna go a lot better than the last meeting, basically, uh 'cause I know what I'm supposed to be doing now. I am your Project Manager, and, uh yeah, I'm just here to sort of liaise between the three of you and get things going, get people talking and and I'm gonna be making notes and sending them off to the powers that be and stuff basically. Um right, this for the purposes of this meeting what this meeting is all about is um I'm gonna have some presentations from all three of you, what you've been working on for the last wee while, when you haven't been getting hit with spam on your computers and and, you know, filling out silly questionnaires and things. But hopefully you've been actually been doing something productive. So we're gonna each of you gonna give us a litt a little presentation. Um. Then we're gonna work, you know, from each of your presentations. We'll we'll uh talk about what we actually need as a final coming together of it all. Um and then we'll, yeah, we'll sort of conclude anything else comes up at the end of it. This meeting it's not very long. It's uh probably down to about thirty five minutes now. So I want each of your presentations to not be too long, five five minutes, something like that. Um if you haven't done a PowerPoint thingy, it doesn't matter, it it just it just says that you it's that's just one particular medium. If you haven't had time to prepare one, you can draw stuff on the noteboard, you can talk to us, you can you know however you want to do your little presentation, basically, you can. Don't feel pressurised into using this thing. 'Cause I don't. Uh okay. So um. You okay over there? Reissa, are you uh b are you joining in with this meeting here or are y or are y or are you are you just are you just uh doing some Internet shopping there? Okay, jolly good. Alright, let's have um well, we all know that it's it's a remote control that we're gonna be dealing with. I think the first thing we should look at is um probably the um what it is that it is actually supposed to be. So that's gonna be you Catherine, if we wanna hear from you first. You don't have to worry about screwing it in just there you go. Ah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Great. Okay. I prefer the pe I prefer the human touch personally. Yeah. Do you wanna just give us a moment, I just wanna copy this down. Um I dunno if you guys have got any questions for Catherine on any of this? Yeah, you blow on it and i Yeah, it's worked for the last fifty years you know. How far away is your television? It's never gonna be more than it's never gonna be, you kno unless you've got a T_V_ the size of a football pitch, it's not doesn't have to go that far, does it? Doesn't have to go through a wall, because you're not gonna be looking through a wall. Yeah, yeah I d it sounds like you you w don't wanna overcomplicate things. You know we don't need it. Yeah, exactly. Basically, we're we're desi we're designing and marketing a television remote control unit. We're not w w w w designing something that you can plug in a headset to and and you know connect to your laptop computer and stuff. It's uh Okay. Right, well done, Catherine. Um Gab Gabriel let's uh let's hear from you on on on such things. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Great. Okay. Now that's I just have a q a q question for you. This w um research that you've been doing looki looking at other, you know, existing units stuff. Um have you found that anyone else has do has looked into the locking function or Yeah. Yeah. Um I would say it's If it's simple to do, which I think it probably should be, even if it's a physical, you know, a f a like a f a physical switch or a physical cover for the remote, even something like that, um then yes, it's like, you know, like s you said earlier on ab ab ab a flip thing, something like that, but you know being physical. Look into. Um I've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred well, something we should take into account is um we've gotta keep the corporate image within this remote control unit. It's gotta d look like it's in the R_ and R_. You know, the the company it's it's, from what I can see from our other products, are yellow with blue writing on them. Um. We put the fashion in electronics. There you go. So it's kinda gotta look it's gotta look new and s you know something fashionable. If if remote control well, if telephones can be fashionable, then maybe remote control units can be. Yeah. Because we need Yeah. Great. Okay, fantastic. Right, well done, Gabriel. Um Reissa. Let's plug you in, baby. Yeah, w it it just takes a wee while. 'Cause we've only got five channels. I think that's k flicking quickly between channels. Yeah. Wow. You are a child of technology, aren't you? So there you go, yeah. Uh but do the younger generation have the money? They they don't. It's older generation, they're the ones that have gone out and People people from the age of thirty f there's a big drop off there. For people up to the age of thirty five, you're kinda saying, yeah, they want it. Um but no they're not sort of most people that have the money are people from the age of thirty five to fifty five, uh 'cause they're the ones that have been working for twenty years. Um d and tha and that's a that's quite a minority there, so yeah, it's not even like fifty fifty that's th thirty five per cent. Yeah. I would say scra I'd say scrap that straight off. So y so it's so it's so you got so that's something we should have a look into then i when desi when designing the ergonomics of see have a look if um there's any w any medical background we can find out about this. Let's jus we just want need to cover our arses so that people aren't gonna sue us in ten years' time, say your remote control gave me repetitive strain injury. Yeah. They're having a lunch break at the moment, but yeah. I'll see if I can get see if I can get hold of them for the next meeting. Yeah. Okay. That's great, thank you very much for that, Reissa. Um okay, so we've basically we've decide we've d we've decided that it's gonna be, you know uh, we're going for a basic television remote. It's gotta be safe to use, it's gotta look cool. It's gotta be cheap. S um. Now going back to the uh industrial design of it, you know, we were looking at whether to use maybe infra-red or Bluetooth. I think, we should just go with the simplest option on everything, uh and that would be infra-red, energy source, that would be batteries. Uh mean we we can look into using the s, you know, the little tiny weeny batteries, all like special long-lasting batteries. Um. But a in there's no I don't think there's any point in making a remote control unit that's gonna last for fifty years, because technology will have changed and, you know, we won't have televisions in ten years' time. So I think we're all um pretty sussed on that. Um anyone have any questions? Everybody happy in their work? Now this is good, we've got a good structure going on. We all know where we're going to. Have you been ge has have any of you lot been getting loads of crap spam on your computers? Yeah. Yeah, stuff. Um okay. Do oh have you guys found out if we can if we can e-mail stuff to each other? Right. Do all you all know my e-mail address? Can you all d e-mail me your e-mail addresses?. Send me, yeah yeah, okay. Is it yellow and black or is it yellow and blue? I I kind of thought it was blue writing on a yellow background, but I might be just going a bit Okay. Well, maybe you can come up with a few with a couple of different ideas? Well, see the thing is is we've gotta keep the company image. It's gotta say people have gotta look at this remote control and instantly recognise that it's a Real Reaction i product. There's loads of companies that called R_R_. This is slog but this is the slogan, this is the the the the type. Yeah. Well, not necessarily. But we have to incorporate it. Not necessarily even if i it just has to ye but you have to look at the product and instantly know that it's one of our products as opposed to a Sony product or a, you know, a Panasonic product. It's got to so maybe, so you can have a look at our our other products and see if they all follow a s similar vein, perhaps. Yeah. Yeah. Quite poss yeah. Well this is all your department. Mm okay. Well, well done everybody. And um, I think we uh stop for lunch now. We might possibly have done. If we've if we've finished at five minutes before the meeting's supposed to finish, then that means we get an extra five minutes for lunch. Yeah, there you go. Right. I just have to there's a few little bits and pieces I have to write down, but Take your headsets off, kick back, smoke 'em if you got 'em.