Um minutes from the last meeting which were essentially that we uh had decided on roles for each of you, however, um there are some changes that I've got from on high that um are a bit uh well w what I didn't actually realise it was that the uh this is for a specific television. So the all in one idea goes out the window. And they require that the uh actually I'll get to that at the end point number four, um we'll get what you've got and then we can see what we can adapt from it. So um, presentations, were you anybody got, raring to go? Raring to go? Okay. Good stuff. Mm. Oh I need to plug you in. Just about. Uh there we go, just screw 'em on in. Gonna have to swap them round so now, it was function F_ eight. That's the wee blue one. Blue one F_ eight. Should do it, good one. Hold on, sorry. and if you just click that it'll go ahead, one at a time. Sorry, uh. P press F_ five to start it first. Jesus. Excellent. Oh you wanna go back? Just escape. Okay. Okay. Okay. Speech recognition. Hmm. We're als we we're looking at who buys it as well. Uh, which I think the twenty five to thirty five is uh usual, sort of. Fifteen to twe Okay. Okay, thank you. Um, follow on with Helen? Yeah please. Oh, so we do yeah. Fun and games. Don't know if the cable's gonna be long enough. I think I just kicked over whatever it runs on underneath as well. Okay. Function F_ eight. Hmm. There you go. Uh F_ five. Um, F_ five and escape'll bring it back and just uh the left button for advancing. Uh just a left uh left mouse button. Mm-hmm. Okay. 'Kay. That can come under Arlo as well. Uh. Uh if you if you escape then you can see your bar. Uh okay. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. We hope so. Yeah, particularly if we've uh there was a bit in Raj's about R_S_I_ and things as well. Organic. Mm-hmm. Sales,. Okay. Yeah it's like a, yeah. It's. Right. And also the company want to keep it stuck to the T_V_ for uh to keep down the production time. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's cool. Um, do you have trouble whistling? Really? Ooh. Yeah, I suppose that's true. Well I suppo uh you could y you could have the you could have the basically um instead of a whistle if it's got the voice recognition you could have it just, you know, where are you?. Hmm. Sounds good. Function F_ eight for the um the uh Yeah. Alright. Let's remember that. Mm-hmm. But sure surely that would have to be um sort of specific rather than above a threshold 'cause if you had a loud movie on you're likely to get it beeping back at you. Sorry I didn't mean to derail you there. Ah is that what that is? Well that's cool. If you if you can build space craft you'll have no problem with a remote control, yeah. Right okay. Is that just switches on the speech recognition and it's entirely speech operated, is it? Yeah. Yeah. Ah now it's fif fifty million Euros we've gotta uh we've g gotta make profit, so we're making that at twelve and a half Euros a time. Okay. Would it be possible to have the rechargeable idea? Is that is that gonna mark up a lot? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean if you think about these base stations now it's essentially just a a lead with a sort of self connecting brake in it, so I don't think it'd up up the price that much. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah. 'Kay, thank you very much, um I'll take that back. Right, also so um a notice I got not very long before the meeting, so didn't manage to forward it on to you, it is let's see, I'll find it myself, um Ta nah. We had that um to dis-include teletext um because it's become outdated, and everybody uses the internet anyway. Um, dunno what Oracle would have to say with that but never mind. Um it's only for the television, which I'm presuming means it's for a specific television, and um instead of colours and sorta colour options, they want corporate colour and slogan somehow implemented in the new design. Yellow. I presume. Um, everything, all their sort of uh you know the uh corporate website and everything's yellow. And the logo uh the sort of slogan we put the fa fashion in electronics uh I don't know exactly how sort of incorpor I mean, I guess if you're going for a sort of globular shape you could kind of have it working its way round it or something. Uh, where am I? Okay, so, we have to decide on which functions we're going to actually have. Uh, now, we had as listed options we had speech recognition potentially, flat screen interface, L_C_D_ interface um we also want to limit the number of buttons so we'll pretty much take that one as read. We'll use the the basic functions for a television. No teletext. Um okay hold on. Not enough buttons you mean? So sorta strike a balance between a a few and a or it looks like we're just cutting on the um I do however have this from over my head, that they don't want teletext on it. Uh maybe Raj you could find out what people would think about that, or maybe they'll send some information about that, about um what people, whether people would require um teletext in a remote teletext option in a remote control. Okay um. So uh I take it your position Arlo is that the bells and whistles we've gotta come up with the a gimmick but not too complicated a gimmick. Um so I mean a a the sort of inkling I'm getting from little bits of um web chatter that I'm getting sent is that they're quite interested in a T_F_T_ display, interactive display. However that does sound a bit like the more complicated design that rav uh sorry Raj um said people didn't like. Although I guess if there's a sort of If you think about standard interfaces that people use already, sort of Windows-style drop down menus or whatever, I think maybe that's a bit, going a bit far but you know like in a basic sense that you could have your basic selection of buttons, and if you hit a sort of menu at the top you have um it goes to a different selection of buttons, so it sorta keeps it simple. Um glow in the dark, is that sort of with a light inside it or is it sort of glow in the dark material? Okay. So Yeah. Yeah. Lost, yeah. That's cool. That's cool. Okay, cool. Um speech recognition I take it I don't, I've I know of no products um that use speech recognition well. Really? Mm-hmm. Yeah, or a yeah an advert an advert for B_B_C_ two on B_B_C_ one'll switch the channel for you kinda thing. Mm. Uh-huh. Ah, that's a good idea. So like a kind of backwards remote from the telly. Right. That we should just stick on, yeah. Yeah. And that's a sort of basic R_F_ kind of frequency so it'll be cheap. Uh-huh. Yeah. It might do us out of a job. Um Okay. I like the whole sort of remote feedback thing. Um so I think rather than and that also kind of takes out the speech recognition in terms of the interference of it not working very well and things like that, so I th yeah and expense and the time. So I think if we're going to go well I mean like the thing about the there's the problem with the T_F_T_ or the L_C_D_ kind of thing is if you're also wanting the the kind of uh organic globby sort of feeling to it then you might have trouble incorporating the screen. Um, but I guess not I thin we'll just we'll just pretend that's not a problem. Um uh and how are you about the glow in the dark material? Is that Contrast contra well. Yeah, okay. So if it's dow it's d uh yeah. Or if it's down under the couch cushions um which is where I usually find mine. Um Okay, well we can use we can still use the glow in the dark as a gimmick essentially, um if we're gonna have to if we're gonna have the logo on as well, bright yellow logo in our our um slogan. Uh then you know they're gonna be fairly brightly coloured anyway, and we can have sort of a a a trimming as well, of the glow in the dark material, just as gimmickyness. Mm-hmm. Alright, so n sorta if if if we're gon if we're gonna go with the idea of um uh of feedback, sort of remote finder, then that kinda stuffs that one out then. Do you think? Uh it makes it fairly unnecessary then. Okay. Um, okay so scratch that. Uh so we've got do we want to go with the T_F_T_ idea or the is that far too expensive? Well I mean I think I think the sort of find the finder things I mean it's uh I could probably write the circuit diagram for that myself. Um Mm-hmm. Okay. Um no, I mean that was going on ravs uh Raj's sort of um marketing research I guess. Um Uh So we'll stick with sort of programmability um for the buttons that we do have. Um. So that's sort of included in your sub-module kind of stuff, um Uh you were finding out about teletext. If you could find out that uh Um I think we're gonna scratch the speech recognition as a bit of a um expensive, no? Oh right, okay. Is it not the circuits that cost Oh right, okay. Uh well that kind of takes back the R_F_ the R_F_ remote sort of idea as well. Um. Five minutes. Okay. Decisions. Uh, votes, let's vote. Who wants T_F_T_? No-one does. Excellent, so we'll go with speech recognition, yeah? Um, speech recognition, limited buttons, organic design. And what else was I thinking of that I haven't written down and therefore fallen out my head, programmability. Uh Uh o okay. And also, integrating the, remember to integrate the logo and the s slogan. Okay, so. Um can you put all these reports in the project documents folder if they're not already in there as well. So, it just helps me summarize them. And um I'll put any I'm I'm putting anything I do in there anyway, so uh Uh pro uh project documents. On A_M_I_ scenario controller. Where am I? Project documents, yeah, it's on your desktop as well. And I will tr getting strings of um information, I'll try and forward any specific to anybody in particular, as soon as I get them now, rather than I was about to sort of tell you about the changes before the meeting, and then the meeting turned up, so I did. So Okay. Yeah. More sort of um flesh-like than plasticky sort of. Oh no, ethics, that's gonna cost us money. Okay, safety. Yeah. It sme smells good for children. That sounds, yeah it's gonna have to be it's gonna be have a big yellow foam ball, yeah, sorry. Please God no. Um. Well, I wouldn't th I mean, my reaction to an all-yellow remote control wouldn't be anything other than horror, so I think just having it surrounding the logo. Yeah. And I'll see if I can argue with boss about putting the what was it? We put we put fashion into Whoops, it's not working. Can't believe I've forgotten it. We put the fashion in electronics. I bet that'll catch on well. Okay, any last worries, queries? Okay. S s I know what you're thinking. Okay then, lunchtime, yay. Okay, that felt a bit more like a something with order and and reason to it than the last one. This is quite fun actually. I really don't Yeah, yeah. Wow you've your first page. I was just writing really big. I've finished the meeting now. Oh, everybody needs k questionnaire.