I don't mind going first. Yeah, it's in the should be in the m Project. You know you could you could do it yourself actually. Put it in Project Documents, yeah. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Um well, the function of a remote control, as what uh we've been informed, is basically to send messages to the television set, for example, switch it on, switch it off, go to this channel, go to channel nine, turn the volume up, etcetera. Um some of the considerations is just um for example the what it needs to include it's the numbers, you know, zero to nine, so you can move to a channel, the power button on slash off, the channel going up and down, volume going up and down, and then mute, a mute function. And then functions for V_H_S_, D_V_D_, for example, play, rewind, fast-forward, stop, pause, enter. And enter would be for like, you know, the menus. And then other menus for D_V_ as well as T_V_, whether that means like um we can go and decide the brightness of the screen, things like that, all the more complicated functions of menus. And we can decide if that's what we want,, um if we want to include that on the remote, if that's something that would stay on the T_V_ itself, for example. These are two examples. Um and you can see on the left, it's got a lot more buttons, and I don't know if you can read it, but it says, step, go to, freeze, um slow, repeat, program, mute, and so those are some of the buttons and so it gives you an idea of s one example. And then on the right, it's a lot more simpler, it's got volume, it's got the play the like circle set, which is play, rewind, but it's also what is fast-forward is also like next on a menu. So you have functions that are d uh duplicating. And you have a mute button and then the numbers and the eject, and the power button. So that gives you two different kinds, a more complex and more simple version. Okay. And then lastly, it's just the questions that we want to consider like what functions do we want it to include, and how simple, complex it should be? And what functions it needs to complete. Uh, what are needed to complete insulation process, 'cause, you know, that's something that also has to be considered and it's gonna be hopefully a one-time thing, when you set it up it should be set to go, but we have to include the functions that can allow it to set up i in the first place. So that's it. Mm. Left. Wait. And that meaning what? Okay. Right. Only use ten percent of the buttons. Lost. S Wait, is that like your ergonomics like your hand movements or something? Like Channel, volume, power. It's like if you're holding it to just say, where are you, and thing beeps, you know. Yeah. It's kinda like what the remote phone used to do. You know like go to the base. Yeah. Working design. Help me. Well, how much extra would the additional chip be? Is that gonna push us over our production costs? Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's gonna be what's communicating with the T_V_, but the other bulb, I think, is good to just to indicate, I'm doing something, it's sort of like a reassurance. Yeah. Just Well, should it be larger buttons in general, you know like uh the examples that I had, they were swi quite small. So should we try and go for something that has l larger buttons? Ovals. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah, it's like black, black and white kind of It'll give you the sports. Except the entire screen. You can pick sports, you can pick the news, you entertainment, you know it's like Yeah. Company colour being yellow. Mm-hmm. It's gonna make it nicer. Yeah. We should go for the lowest denominator. High school educated. Well it's channel, on-off button, volume, mute. Um. Oh right yeah okay. Tracking. But you got a base. Well, if you have the base, you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery. Yeah. Well, then we could If we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled uh demo demographic. Well Well, then then do you put the voice recognition do you put the r like receiver on the actual television, in the base, or in the actual remote, 'cause then you've already got remote in your hand, why you just gonna speak to the remote, whereas if you just speak in general and you don't have to have the remote in your hand and like talk at it. Still fifteen minutes. Um. Well, do we wanna include the numbers like zero through nine? Can we conceive of leaving them out? Yeah, like you have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, zero. Well, I don't know, I mean, if you can like well I don't know, if there's just a way of leaving them out? The colour being yellow? And how do we Can't make it entirely Well if you have like a Hang on. If you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottom the base of it, just like yellow with the R_R_. Right, yeah. Two examples. Yeah. Oh, it's a Yeah. Well, the other option is sort of like down at the bottom, like farther away, you just have this sort of box inset where it's like the buttons that you don't use as much, but occasionally you will use. and so it's like I don't well, I don't know. Right. Well, that could be No you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons. Channel is just up and down. And then add a Yeah. So we just have it like add a menu button then for the various things needed, including v voice recognition if we have any like settings for voice recognition now included in the menu.