Okay. So do I unplug this bit here? Okay. Right. That's page one of my presentation. So the uh method. We're gonna have to understand how remote controls work and res uh successfully complete this project. Um remote control works as follows. This is all pretty basic stuff you guys. Um sends message to another system, so there's an energy source involved in that like a battery or solar power, something along those lines, there's an integrated circuit, which is the microchip, um and that actually compose the messages and usually the way a a remote control works is it sends infrared bits to another system. A user interface controls the chip, basically that's the casing and the buttons and um accordingly the messages as well. So my findings, um I just did a preliminary study here and uh I found that too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands. And too much metal can cause remotes to behave unexpectedly by receiving false signals. Um too much metal is used sometimes and people pick up radio signals and the like, and there's also the possibility of the remote catching on fire and injuring the customer, just think of those lawsuits, that'd be really bad. Therefore I suggest primarily plastic construction. Um, components. Just some ideas that I had, um, energy source, it's kinda hip to be eco friendly so I thought maybe we could do something with solar power with an alkaline battery backup. Um the user interface, I was since we can't use metal I was thinking maybe a high grade recycled plastic. The chip, um, silicon based chip I don't really see any way around that, we can't really be different in that respect. Um, the sender well I'm thinking infrared 'cause it is the industry standard, multi channel, that's a word I made up, I don't really know what it means. Uh PAL and N_T_S_C_ compatible and uh probably a two hundred foot range. Uh and the receiver of course is any number of electronic devices. Um but in this case it'll only be T_V_s. Um personal preferences, I really think that we should use plastic as opposed to metal, um, the company simply can't afford this kinds of lawsuits which adm admittedly is gonna come at the cost of a certain aesthetic value, 'cause we were thinking Right. Yeah that shouldn't be a problem. Um for example the plastic they have on your laptop there is something that's perfectly possible for us to do. That's the end of my presentation. Is it plugged in well? There it goes. Computer adjusting. Mm. Mm. Right. I think it would be possible to uh combine the locator device and the voice recognition technology. With a simple command like locate. And then it could start to beep and therefore be found. Oh yeah I think that's very doable. Mm. It's a good point. Yeah. Mm. I was thinking uh Oh go ahead. Yeah. Gotta wonder though, if we're adding so much technology to this one remote, are we still gonna be able to meet out twelve pou our twelve fifty Euro you know goal for selling these things. It seems like, we're not gonna be able to handle all these functions with just one microchip. The microchip is probably the most expensive part of the the whole mechanism. So it's just something to consider. Back to the uh the cost the material. We have to ask whether we're going to include a certain number of face plates with the package? That's something I w for say we're including three or four face plates, it's gonna drive the cost up. And the other question is, if we do include them are we really in a position to evaluate that market? We haven't done any tests on face plates and whether See if there if there's even interest out there. Off the top of my head it sounds kind of like a gimmick that wouldn't really go anywhere. Yeah. Can we afford to include one of those? Right. Okay. Since we're doing uh touch screen, do we wanna look into the possibility of people being able to input different types of skins for the you know the actual interface part of it and things like that? Or is it just gonna be one touch screen for everybody. What what would be on that touch screen? 'Cause you said earlier that we have to think about company colours and um logo or something or motto, I can't remember exactly what you said. 'S too much. Think we just need to come up with a nice black and red interface on the touch screen. That'd be okay. Mm. True. People aren't gonna want their remote to boot up and to see flashing things come on. They just want it to be on and ready to go.