Mm 'kay, you ready? Y you read that stuff, since you wrote it. I'll be the Vanna. No. They're just buttons. On off switch will be here and as you've noticed on our prototype um they've ended up with a curvature kind of, by concave sort of thing, except for, you know, can't see underneath. So I'm hoping that when we get to production we can actually make them like that, because they're very nice to stock you know, stick your finger in. Um the two squared buttons are are two probably least used, menu, mute, and then these are the numbers, so our channel and our volume will be on either side. I'd say a single. Yeah, it's only actually the size of my hand. Whoohoo. Yeah, it was a little difficult to incorporate the cover with the cherry fruit on it. Yes. I'd say two as well. At the moment, no. Okay. I'll give it a two, because at the moment it's not looking that way. Neither are all o all the customers we have, either. Uh the shape of it actually does uh. I'd say a two. We could do it with the chip, yes. It wasn't we have no reflection of it on the prototype, but that's because it's only two dimensions, really. It Yeah. Three and an half. It's capable of being squishy and fruity. How did you get that in there? The slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie. That was good. Yep. Mm 'kay. Yeah, it's. Yep. Well, that's the push-button too, right there. Integrated scroll-wheel or push-button. We're really having just push-button interface. But it that just covers the type of button we're having. Because we're not doing a scroll on the side, it's still push-button. Push-button. But we just have push Yeah. Okay. Let's call it th Okay. Grand. So we can go to production. Go back. Previous. We think we got stifled for cri creativity by the company itself, in restricting us only to using a T_V_ remote, initially. right. Yeah. Well, no, there was there was scratching and fighting, but no. Irritating. The means, the whiteboard didn't work. A and our friend here really feels strongly about the internet. I really appreciated those, yeah. The use of the laptops for receiving everything. It was wireless too, so. And let's not forget the sexy dual microphones everyone gets to wear. The Toronto district school would only use his Macs with their kids. Well, i iPods are now quite trendy, and they come in different colours. Yeah. Not me. I didn't have a phone 'til university. That's okay. We can create a commercial where they think that all their needs will be met. This will help them find the one. That's right. And so the serpent says, use our remote. Whoohoo. Margaritas for everyone. Yay. Thanks to the Project Leader. Now we know w