... Mm, yeah. I didn't receive it yet. Not at this point. Yeah well origi uh at first I thought it was going to be cat. Yeah now I now I understand now, yeah. Yeah. Ah. Okay. Um so my name is Maarika. Where's the pen? Okay. Yeah, well, or I can make it smaller. Uh so um um I'm the Interface Designer in this project and my favourite animal, I m I mean I'm not so sure because I'm not so so very um familiar with all kinds of animals, but I do like dogs. Oh, sorry, maybe I should have shouldn't have said it beforehand but mm hmm. Um well, there are different kinds of dogs, but okay um. Okay. Yeah, maybe it has some colourful patches, yeah. Um yeah and I do like dogs because they are good friends to people and they are loyal. Mm, well that's compared to some other animals like cats. Um they're really much more fun because they are not so independent. Um yeah maybe maybe the fact that they protect their home as well, yeah. Um what it has to do with with my role in the project is hard to say. Uh I hope to be loyal to the project and not to n not to um let people doing similar projects know the details of our project or something, yeah. I'm from Estonia uh, yep. Um so is there anything else you'd like to know? Oh, right, my roles, um so um in the different um stages of the design, so at first I will be responsible for um for yeah, designing the technical functions of the um um of the remote control uh then in the in the conceptual design stage I need to um come up with uh interface concept and then in the last um stage I will be responsible for the int infa for the user interface design. Okay, that's it. Thanks. It looks very very cute. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Wow. Ah, a gecko, okay. Is a ar are they also like lizards or are they yeah, they are mm-hmm. Ah. Mm-hmm. I hope you don't like snakes, do you? Okay. Mm-hmm. Wonderful. Yep. I'm just wondering whether whether there is like any special feature that we want to have w want this remote control have as opposed to the already existing ones. Mm-hmm. Yeah but uh I mean e even though it has to be re original we shouldn't uh go like too far away from from the usual ones, because otherwise the new users will just have a lot of problems with l learning, yeah, yeah. Hm-hmm. Okay. Thank you. See you.