Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Wow. So, sorry I was just gonna say, what was the question for this? Or is are you coming on to that? Okay. So these percentages are are what? Hmm. Mm, mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep, sure, that's cool, um Yeah. I can turn my computer quickly if that's okay. Um, yep. Okay, and then what do I press, F_ eight? Oh right. Okay, cool. Oh. Yeah. No signal. Okay. Cool. Okay and then how do I press the the big one, to get it on to the big F_ five and I press that again to get it off as well do I? Okay, so um I'm the interface design designer, User Interface Designer sorry, uh I'm concerned with um w what effect the apparatus should have on the user and um I'm I'm also I want to point out that our motto, put the fashion in electronics, so obviously we as a company we want to make our products trendy and fashionable, it's a big concern of ours. Okay, and how do I press n just the next button? The arrow? Okay. So um I looked at existing designs and also um the information that Raj gave us was very useful about what people like, what people dislike. Um and what people fashionable, because we said people between twenty five and thirty five were the main um buyers of of our T_V_ I think. So um what they like and what they find fashionable. And ergonomics, we said um, I don't know I haven't actually been able to do any of this myself, but um maybe that comes up, I don't know. And the findings, well the basic that was the basic function to send messages to the television set. That's what people want to do. Um, so they need to be included, um, but I've got some pictures here of some leading ones. I don't know how to get to them, do I press F_ five is it? escape? Oh okay, cool. I haven't got my glasses on so I hope it's this one. These are two leading um remote controls at the moment. You know they're grey, they've I mean this one's got loads of buttons, it's hard to tell from here what they actually do, and they don't look very exciting at all. Um, personally I prefer this one just because it's looks easier use, it's a bit more sleek with more of this silver stuff, um, but there you go, that's what we're up against, and I think we can do much better than that. Um hang on. F_ five, okay, sorry. Personal preferences. Um, well I think we need to l I think the ergonomics is quite um important, um Uh-huh. And um I thought not too edgy and like a box, more kind of hand-held more um not as uh computery and or organic, yeah, more organic shape I think. Um simple designs, like the last one we just saw, not too many buttons and as Raj pointed out, only ten percent fifty percent of people only use ten percent of the buttons, so I think what we can miss out on the buttons we can make up for in design and and how nice it looks. Um, hand-held and portable I think is portamint is important because T_F_T_ have just um released um I think is it a a remote control for presentations or uh and a big seven inch big screen, anyway, so um Yeah, no seven inches isn't that big but um anyway um so hand-held and portable and uh m I thought about other functions for T_V_ but as you pointed out people don't actually want that, so maybe we forget about that. It's for one T_V_ oh right okay, sure. And so the last thing I thought w which I quickly mentioned in the other one was maybe a bit of a gimmick to set us apart from other people, like glow-in-the-dark um which does already e exist but it's not very widely used I don't think. Easy finder with the a whistle function or something, or rechargeable station because it's a pain when you run out of batteries. And I think that, yep, that's it. Okay? Mm-hmm. Um, I haven't been able to Mm-hmm, yeah or some sort of voice Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, something. Oh you need to twiddle the thingamibobsy thing. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah sure. Well I like that design. Yeah, not a problem. Mm-hmm. Or a little base station or something,. That might cost more though, 'cause obviously with batteries we don't need to provide, well we provide the first batteries, but it's more, it's that's cheaper to just provide batteries. A battery in it, kinda. Okay. Okay. Mm. Mm that's a good idea actually I like the programmable options. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Corporate colour. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Although the the danger with that is, it could look a bit cheap. Yeah. Well Mm. On the number of buttons, kind of functions and stuff. Mm-hmm, okay. Okay, cool. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um Glow in the dark material I was thinking. Um, so I I guess that would be cheaper than a light I think. Often lost s was that, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Well what about this might get a bit too expensive actually, but what about um something that's built into the T_V_ um that you can press and it'll send out a little signal you know like the ones that we can't hear or something um that that will activate the remote control starts to beep. If you find if y Yeah. Mm. Yeah, that's the only thing, yeah. That comes with our remote control. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That could also be built into the T_V_ though, which might make our remote control a bit obsolete. Yeah, okay. Mm. And the expense. Mm-hmm. Mm. Maybe not even all of it 'cause we said um colours and fashion w were important so maybe um just like a little l line that's kind of around the outside and then you can make the rest a different colour. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, 'cause what I thought, main Slogan, yeah. Right. Mm-hmm. 'Cause yeah, that w more than finding it, that was more like you know if you're watching a film in the dark, you can um still see the remote control. That was more of a a gimmick. Mm. Yeah, unnecessary. Yeah. Mm. So is that one of our definite requirements that they wa that it needs a T_F_T_ screen? Yeah you think so? Okay. Mm-hmm, that's cool. Um if it's not too expensive s I think it's a good gimmick. Mm-hmm. And where is it sorry? Oh. Okay, cool. Okay. Okay. What I thought as well about the material is um maybe not this kind of material, but maybe more like um this kind of rubbery material, it's a bit more bouncy, like you said they get chucked around a lot. Um, a bit more durable and that can also be ergonomic and it kind of feels a bit different from all the other remote controls. The rubber rather than Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Oh I think wi with the more organic shape of it it won't be as it won't as have many sharp corners as that, so that's something good, um I dunno, I mean That's a good idea. Interesting. Yeah, d with the colour, um does it have to be all yellow, do you know? No. Yeah. Having a little bit. Okay cool. Mm mm. Mm-hmm, okay. Cool. Oh yeah, that's a good one that. Yeah so. Wow. Has anybo oh. Has anybody pressed okay, it vibrates. It's pretty cool. Yeah, got small writing. I don't wanna waste it.