All set? Okay. Cool. Right. So um basically I'm just gonna go over real quickly um some news I've just got from the board on how we're supposed to do with this um remote control. And then I'm gonna turn over to you guys to make brief presentations um on what you've found and then we'll have a bit of discussion. So basically uh what I've just found out from the board I dunno if you guys got this email as well but it needs to be television only. So no we're not doing D_V_D_, we're not doing anything else, it's just gonna be a television remote. Um it also needs to have the company colours included in it. Um so that's red and black. And it has to have the slogan, case you guys forget the slogan it's, we put fashion in electronics. Um and no teletext. I'm not sure what teletext is but I'm assuming you guys do, so we don't wanna include that um in this particular design. For reasons that I don't really know. There's but it's the board so there you go. So basically um given those guidelines which will have some effect on how we design we'll discuss it later I mean 'cause it's television only we'll be able to change our uh um well we can s sacrifice more function for a better television remote. Anyway. So I'm gonna turn over to the Industrial Designer uh to go ahead and make a presentation on Oh, right yeah. Yep. Might have to hit function F_ eight but it looks like it's gonna come up. Yep. Cool. Brilliant. 'Kay. Mm. 'Kay. Fair enough. 'Kay. Is is there a way that we can use um modern types of polymers, or mo modern types of plastics that maybe do have some kind of aesthetic value um like if a white like if we talk about like well like on the lapt on these laptops and other ones they use a a pretty nice, you can do i is there some kind of nice colo der quality plastic that we can work with? Okay, okay. Great. Thank you very much Nathan. Um if next we can have the um User Interface Developer go ahead and make a brief presentation that'd be great as well. S plug yourself in here. Mm. Um hit function F_ eight real quickly, hold down Mm. There you go. Sweet. Yeah sorry I couldn't get that g to use before. Oh yeah look at that. Mm-hmm. Nice. Okay. Great. Thanks for that Ron. 'Kay yep that's you. Give it a little bit. That's great. Thank you Sarah. Right. So um yep I'll just uh switch that back here. I'll finish up with just a bit of discussion plan on for the next phase. Right so I think we've covered most of these important questions through this um through you guys's presentations um we've got uh y the Industrial Designer suggests uh or pretty much emphatically suggested that we need to go with plastic. Um Sarah, she's recommended that we go for simpler functions, so fewer functions um but we need to decide who are we selling this to, you s your stats suggested that seventy five percent of people under thirty five wanted, thought about voice control, um so do we wanna go for that, or do we want to go for an older demographic, and my thought is um we've got w if we're gonna go for a sleek look I mean we are putting the fashion in electronics um. Yes. So maybe this we should look into this younger demographic. Um. So uh we need to wonder ah h about how we make it better and smaller and faster um think we're constrained to plastics very well, we've got this idea, Ron was saying we need to think about uh revolutionising the way it's looking um, which might be easier given that we're going for simpler function and that we're only going for a telly. Um so um. How th this voice operation thing is I think is a good idea um assuming that it's doable, um at least for the basic controls, maybe we can balance it that way, you know we can see. Okay you can't say record alias tonight at seven P_M_ but we might be able to say um volume up. Mm. Right. The difficulty wh would be in um I think like i you couldn't speak into the remote that you're trying to find. 'Kay you have something that picks up a voice from far away If it's hidden under the couch but then again you have this wee this wee thing you know that's just a little chip or whatever that has the page button, maybe that could be voice activated too. Yeah. Or an isolated magnet or something like, or you know something that wouldn't interfere I don't know that'd be the technical thing but yeah I like that, I like that, the voice recognition for the paging system. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Absolutely. Mm 'kay um well yeah I guess we'll cross that bridge um in a la slightly later stages of development um but yeah I know, that's perfectly viable question. Mm 'kay um so I'm seeing that we're gonna just basically focus on this young demographic group, aim it at them, but then in a sense that its bells and whistles are available for anybody who wants them but basically we'll make a sleek simple functioned um uh remote control. Um I think this voice recognition thing is a we've got a market for it uh I don't think there's too many, we'd more or less be cornering the market on it as well, we don't have many um. I appear to have lost my microphone. Mm. Right um we don't have many people or there's not very many competitors out there that do that so cool. Um right. I guess we've c we've touched on most of this. The idea of a paging function, a touch screen, and face plates. Um. The thing with I see would there not be a we'd have to maybe sacrifice the face plates for a touch screen? Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah 'cause then ha you would have to who all it's not like with cell phones like where you have a you know Nokia model X_ and then ten people make face plates for it, we'd be just our model of pho of t remote control. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright well we can we can discuss that one further when we think about um whether th when we do costs and so forth, um. True, if plastic is dead cheap and if we're making the whole thing out of plastic anyway um yeah we'll cross that bridge later um but yeah we will have to evaluate what's most important. Um I think we've had a bit of discussion already on this thing, n s there any other questions comments that came up in these presentations? Yeah yeah okay. Um Yeah I think that would be best. Let's based on what sh on what you guys have all said to me let's go for a plastic built or uh b plastic cased 'cause tha tha that's easy on the cost, try to look for some kind of high quality recycled plastic as you recommended and I think that's a great idea. With a touch screen for the basic functions. Um And we'll yeah tha let's provisionally let's go for a touch screen one with several submenus um for possible extra stuff that one basically put the channel and the on and off switch on the touch screen. Um do we have Mm wait a minute it occurs to me that if we have a touch screen people are going to have to recharge their remote controls. Yet at the same time that might help for this whole complaint of it being lost. Mm-hmm. But then again that costs as well. Hmm. Do they? Okay. Well I I don't think yeah I can't see anybody buying a lap a remote control that they have to plug in so we'd have to see some kind of new battery technology. Okay so let's go with a um touch screen with um some kind of you know with with some kind of cutting edge battery technology Yeah well hey you know well it's it's worth looking into, if not we can always default to just doing a a well presented plastic simple you know so you know. Well yeah I mean you can put the we could I I dunno I mean I suppose we could put the the basics on the centre easiest you know, you know people know the channel and volume function make them large and easy to get at and then the the other the other bits and bobs you know go through menu um w we'll do the aesthetics. Okay so we'll touch screen and the battery, focus on um uh presentation. Um it's th uh with this voice recognition option as well um just as for the simple functions the um the on off, channels, volume, um and um a small paging function. Even if you can't do voice recognition for the paging you know just some kind of simple button that's just a I guess another infrared signal to the remote control and while to emit some kind of paging. Just a beep. Um right so any comments? Thoughts before we break into go into the next round of individual work on this. W it's my understanding that if you were going to do a skin you'd need to have some way for people to download or import skins into the remote control. Yeah I think perhaps good idea but yeah I think that that one m might just be um and they just yeah I think that one might just be out of the range for this particular a P_D_A_ would they would makes a lot of sense for a P_D_A_ 'cause you're gonna be using it to connect up to things anyway but I dunno, what do you guys think? Hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I know I d it seems like it would suffice to have just the R_R_ on there. Jus But apparently not. So. Yeah. Well fair enough. Um and yeah that would help the battery life too and if it the remote they do have to press a button for the remote to turn on. But then again who wants to turn on a remote control. Kind of if i Oh to wake up okay or go into like a dormant mode. Okay. Oh yeah I like that I like the idea of um putting the logo in the boot up screen, nice. Um. Um cool so any last things before we break? Alright. Fair enough. Sounds good. I'm gonna save th a copy of this in case you guys need any reminders. I'm gonna save a copy of this and the minutes that I'll do it in a second and put them in the shared folder for later reference. Brilliant. That's fab guys. Cool.