Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. P Well the only problem I can think of with that is if you've got a lot of people that don't wanna be bothered learning how to use new rem remote controls. If you just kind of take away everything that they're used to knowing, that's gonna be quite a change. It might Mm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. But look at the importance of them. The volume settings. Yeah. They're not used often but they are quite important when they're used. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Oh, you have to hit like function and F_ something. F_ eight. Dunno. Oh yeah, it's going. Oh yeah, they might be movable. Oh yeah, they're all they're not connected to anything on the table, you just leave 'em on and walk around with 'em. Mm. Mm. Yes, mm. Which one does this plug into? That one. I can't did you could you see it on you screen when it That's not cool. Oh well. Anyways. Um alright, yeah, so um I'll just do my presentation on the working design uh. Oh there we go. Okay um just at the m yeah the whole sort of method of how the remote control works. Uh the basic function of the remote control is to send messages to another sh system, the the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ player or whatever. Um and it does this uh by well, you need to start off you need an energy source and this energy source will feed into an integrated circuit chip and the circuit chip is the part that actually composes the different messages uh within the remote um which will then be sent to the uh the television, the D_V_D_ to tell that what to do. Um and you need a user interface, which controls the chip and thus the messages and uh the user interface is that's basically just you kn the s sorta design of the actual remote which you hold in your hands and what buttons will be on it. Um Oh shoot. Okay. Uh just general findings. Uh what we need uh technically speaking for the remote control is some sort of energy source, uh some sort of user interface, which I think we've mostly been talking about the user interface and the design of that. Um a circuit chip within that to uh control and send the messages and um a sender and receiver. And um oops. Uh-huh. This is just sort of a little schematic diagram of what we're looking for. Uh this just kinda represents the energy source which feeds into the circuit chip uh which maybe then we could have that feed into a switch which would send signals f to um a subcomponent and on to a light bulb between so it'll light up once we start once you start pressing buttons. Um also send signals to the um infrared bulb, which will be the part that actually what? Sends signals to the the television. And then you've got your happy little T_V_ watcher there. And so my personal preferences I I just think we need sorta big uh energy source that won't die out, uh perhaps some sort of rechargeable battery or a battery dock you could place it in, so it'd constantly be charged, so you wouldn't have to uh be worrying about it running out of batteries and not changing channels for you. Uh a wide range uh sender-receiver, so that you can hit the buttons from basically anywhere in the room, and the channel'll still be changed. Uh also definitely a user-friendly interface um and I think we've all sort of mentioned adding a a locating device on it, so when it does get stuck under the couch cushions, as they inevitably do, you can find them easily. And that's pretty much it. Mm. Mm. Mm. Just having one that's guaranteed to last five to ten years? Oh, cool. Yeah, fair enough. Mm, mm. Mm yeah. Mm-mm. Mm. 'Cause I only remember to charge my cell phone uh when battery dies. And that's pretty much yeah. Yeah, when it turns itself off, that's when I plug it in, yeah. Yeah, think that's a good idea. Mm. They usually have the little light uh source, I dunno what the heck they're called, the but yeah, the little cells that Yeah. Mm. Most of them, don't they have sort of a combination of the two, like when there is light, they'll work off the light, and if there isn't, they'll kick into this battery, so we can maybe do something like that whereas there is a battery, but if there's enough light, then it's using the light, so that it's not actually draining the battery all the time, but you will have the battery there for when you need it. Mm. Mm. Oh, it depend if it's uh depends who who's using it, who's just sitting there clicking clicking clicking clicking, yeah. Yeah, then they're clicking a lot, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yep. Hmm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Cool.