Uh I don't mind. Uh can I steal the cable? Cheers. I got a how do I start there? That one. Cool. Well these are functionality requirements from the our our guys down in the the research lab. Took hundred people and covered all the aspects of what um is needed by people and what they want to see. Um everything kinda from functionality and how individual functions are how mu how how often they're used and how much their necessary and stuff. And general opinions about current current remotes. See that, as we kinda noticed, seventy five percent of people find their remote controls ugly. So some kind of a new style should be incorporated that's less ugly. Uh along with um looking less ugly, if it looks better, eighty percent of people said they'd spend more money on it. Which is a a plus for us, if we can make it look better, it'd be uh more cost effective and we can put the price up. Current remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user. I can empl I kinda take that to mean as um they they don't uh they, yeah, they only use they only work for the television or yeah like as in in my flat I've got six remote controls for a stereo system, a digital box, a D_V_D_ player, a video player and T_V_. If it was uh I mean th my behaviour is to use multiple things at the same time and multiple remotes aren't really matched well to my behaviour. Uh again, seventy five percent is seventy five percent of users say they zap a lot. I took to mean that they just they use it a lot, they use it regularly rather than standing up and manually change channels or volume. And uh yeah, uh I think the big issue is fifty percent users only use ten percent of the buttons, 'cause uh wh if we got a remote that like well we'll have some buttons taken off by the lack of teletext, but uh oh and we're going to see uh on the uh that some of the functions like audio settings aren't h hardly ever used and used very aren't considered relevant by the user. So I think maybe fewer buttons, which also make the design look sleeker, I dunno. Uh um yeah and uh frustrations of like people losing remote control. I dunno maybe some kind of system of you press a button on the T_V_ or maybe that's b it would have to incorporate, but like some kind of system where you can f use something else to find the remote control. Maybe like it'll beep or something. And um, yep, the uh time taken to learn new remote controls is Uh don't want to make it too complicated, easy to use for uh new like first time users and stuff. And uh repetitive strain injury, I suppose we should make it more comfortable and make ma possibly even use have to make it, yeah, fewer buttons, like I was saying about the whole mice the mouse idea of it feels more comfortable. Maybe don't even have to hold it as such. But uh yeah. It also asked um if we would if people would pay more for speech recognition and younger people say they would. And uh there was another section on our on the report for uh L_C_D_ displays, but the data wasn't there, so. I don't actually know what the results for that were, so. May be incrementally emitting, but yeah. And uh it would cut out the R_S_I_ as well if you Yeah, um oh yeah, so possibly the speech recognition is possibly something could add into the design. Oh, I've got some other things I couldn't fit onto this presentation. Um. You see this okay? Almost no? It's sorry it's a bit. I'll read out to you. Uh functionality, uh like people's opinions on functionality, the relevance to the remote and how often they're used. So um like the power. Using the using the d swi the power switch to switch on T_V_ is a high relevance of nine, but it's not frequently used. You see what I mean? Whereas channel selection, which is very high relevance is used the most. So m we can maybe even start to cut down on or I was possibly even thinking of a design that maybe some of the buttons are hidden from everyday use. Maybe like uh a folding ledge or something. So that we can maybe go into the channel settings and the audio settings, which are low relevance and rarely used. And keep the v volume selection and channel selection very easily Oh yeah. Yeah, like the one that like slides back and the buttons are concealed underneath. Just remove them completely? Uh yeah. Um no this is for pay more for speech recognition. Yeah, that's true. Or even I mean you could even just have it left on. You could just put it down once on top your T_V_ and never have to Yeah. B_B_C_ one. Oh yeah. Mm-mm. Relevance of two out of ten, yeah. Yeah. Stand out. Uh I just had a thought actually, sorry to interrupt. Uh you were saying about um it could technical problems of like uh someone on the television saying a channel number and it changed we could maybe have like an activation word. 'Cause I've seen I've seen this used on computers before, where you just you address the remote, you address the computer, and then give it a command. Oh I see. Oh yeah, I see. Mm-hmm, yeah. I mean I'm just thinking of the point of view of peop you could still like lose this remote. Mm. Oh no I I interrupted you, sorry. Oh okay. Um well, I was just kinda wrapping up there. Yeah, I was thinking um, yeah, maybe such things are relevant. We could make things much more f I think the the eighty percent of people would spend more on uh a remote uh that looks better, combined with uh decrease the or take out the limited functio functions that we don't really use much. alright take out teletext, but as for channel settings and stuff it might it might um turn people somewhe peop some people that want the whole functionality away. But, since if we're marketing a more kind of fashionable approach then it'd it would be fashion and fashion over practicality. Oh, we could, yeah. We c yeah, we could even have it as like a yeah the buttons control this and the voice functions control the f things that you would do all the time, so. So uh yeah, if we could uh power on and channel selection and and volume selection, wouldn't have to really Yeah and probably it would look better as well. Yeah. yeah. Lined with numbered buttons and Uh yeah, yeah, that's everything. Do you want the cable? F_ eight. Uh, give it about twenty seconds, or so. Yeah. Hmm. Mm-hmm. It could have like uh know like a cordless phone in your house it s got like a base that sits there all the time. I suppose, yeah. Yeah. Uh. That sounds pretty good, yeah. Mm-hmm. W like like this um this uh market research thing says number of times per hour that it's used, channel selection a hundred and sixty eight times per hour. Yeah. But then again, if you think it of the amount of, you know amount of use it's like That's it's less than a second, um. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, like in the email of television only. In fact they're in the constraints email that I got. Didn't you mention the teletext, just television only? Oh okay. Oh yeah.