Alima. Okay. Um I don't know which one of these I have to bring with me. Right, so, I'm supposed to draw my favourite animal. I have no drawing skills whatsoever. But uh let's see, introduce myself. My name is Alima Bucciantini. Um I'm from the state of Maine in the US. I'm doing nationalism studies, blah, blah, blah, and I have no artistic talents. A_ L_ I_ M_ A_. Oh, and I guess I'm the Industrial Designer on this project. So let's see if I can get um here. I will draw a little turtle for you all. Not necessarily 'cause it's my absolute favourite animal, but just that I think they're drawable. And you have the pretty little shell going on. Some little eyes. Happy. There you go. That's a turtle. Um. I I like the whole having a shell thing. It's quite cool carry your home around where you go, um quite decorative little animals, they can swim, they can, they're very adaptable, they carry everything they need with them, um and they're easy to draw. No, you can erase the turtle, it's alright. Snake. Well, snake? It's w Oh, a cat. Yeah. Right. That's That's pretty impressive. Yeah um. I agree with having too many remotes around. My dad has a whole drawer at home of remotes for various things, and I don't know how to work half of them um. What's important for me, I guess, is that it's easy to use and that there's not too many buttons, they are not too small, you know you know you need to n to know what you're doing. And one thing I particularly like is if you are not um sort of moving it around to get it to work with the infra-red. Um, I think there is a way around that, but I know in my residence right now the the television you sort of have to walk all around the room to get it to turn on, so i it's just simpler just to just turn around the T_V_ itself, and I think that's if we're gonna make a remote control, it should actually work for what it's doing. So I know. Yeah, something that doesn't Mm. Yeah. Could we get something that just has No doesn't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder or program s other things that I'm not very coherent about, but that just has your major buttons for that work for everything, you know volume control, on, off, channel changing. Yeah. N that way Yeah. Yeah, and if um if you'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you wouldn't need to use every day. Um. Yeah. Mm. Right. Mm. Mm yeah. Yes. I guess we have to define what what we're aiming for. If it's just a television then that it's a bit simpler, 'cause there's less buttons that would even need to be on it. Large. If you have older people or people like me that aren't very co-ordinated hand-eye, it's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons, if we can help it. Hmm. Yeah. 'Kay. I'm sure we'll be busy. I'm two. Alright. 'Kay.