Alright, yeah. crack on. Okay so we'll start off with a quick overview of the minutes. I think to sum up the last meeting, would be to say um the requirements that we've um set out. Those are we were going to go for what seemed to be a fairly minimal design based on uh a small joystick, L_C_D_ and a couple of other buttons for navigation um with power being I suppose one of the main single purpose buttons. Um we were also going to use novelty of being able to locate the remote control again via a small transmitter with any luck, the idea to try and separate us and also because of the minimal design um looks like we'll be able to be fairly adventurous in the actual physical shape of our remote control with any luck. Um that pretty much sums up the last one. So we'll just crack on, um like to maybe start with the Industrial Designer if it's possible. Um uh the con today is the concep today. This uh meeting is the conceptual design phase and is um Sorry about this.. And is to cover things like um what the parts might be made of, um, can we uh outsource these from elsewhere, um will we have to construct any items ourselves? Yeah, okay well I'll just uh I'll load it up then. Um. Which one do y Oh, interface concept? That's you. We've got trend watching, that's you. Components design. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, the kinetic one, we've 'cause that's the ones where like you the movement causes it. Um the bat uh the battery for a a watch wouldn't require a lot of power, would be my one query. Is a kinetic one going to be able to supply enough power? Do you think? W Which I suppose as well would allow us to go off the shelf again, you'd say? Um. Um. Curious. Um, I don't know if you'd be able to off the top of your head or not, the single curved and double curved, would you be able to give an example? Um could you maybe draw something? I you don't doesn't have to be perfect, it's just 'cause I'm not quite sure if I understand the difference between the two. So it might literally just be okay. Alright. Mm. Okay, that was definitely something we can talk about. Um so you've got a little bit about the the chip that we might require as well? Um, do you have any idea so far, like when we're saying that we'd need an advanced chip for an L_C_D_, does that in shoot the cost up by a drastic amount? Or? Well I think compared to say just pressing buttons. if you press a button that sends a certain transmission through the infra-red, whereas I think if we're controlling the L_C_D_ we definitely require a much more powerful chip. Just compared to the chip you would use for pushing buttons I think is the the point being made. If I've not over-stepped. Yeah? Okay, um should I go on, or go back? Well we'd also be relying on the um the bulk buying in producement and such. I assume. We have to look into the costs of those. So, sorry. Okay. Okay. Um.. So in the information that you've been supplied, how feasible would you say that the idea of using an L_C_D_ looks? Um I mean that sounds like quite a good requirement to me. Um conventional battery would seem to make sense. Um I'm not sure if there's any cost differences between single and double curved and I'm I don't know about anybody else, but plastic or rubber as a traditional form of casing would seem to be a good way forward?. Okay. Okay, well um Yeah, well will we move on to user interface, and yeah? Um sorry, as long as were you? Yeah. Okay. Um and d d d interface concept. Yeah. Can I just jump in slightly there? That would suggest the double curved design's probably going to be most appropriate, then. okay. Mm. Okay. Um, yeah. Just to let you know we'll probably be quite tight for time as well, because I think you've probably got a lot you'd like to say, I guess. Okay. Excellent, right. Um uh. File open. Trend watching. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, um I would say that the most you could probably hope for is gaining a year's lead on most people anyway. You always have to bring out new designs, so if we can get next year then that's possibly a good place to start anyway. Um. Seems like a a lot of the components could be off the shelf, so I don't exactly what cost would be incurred. Um I can see your point about the number keypad, but I've I would say that we can probably incorporate it into the menu system if you need to do traversal of a large number of channels. My feeling would be that even if at a later date this was to be taking control of um boxes as well um having the use of the L_C_D_ and the joystick would probably allow you to manipulate enough channel numbers for you to be Mm-hmm. Okay. So what it looks like to me is we'll use a large number of standard components, um, say something like um lithium ion battery, the kind that you find in most um small hand held devices now. Um Looks like we going for a double curved design. Um I don't know what cost implications there are in that. Um, looks like we're pretty much decided on some kind of flexible rubber. Though I'd have to say depending on how flexible it is, we might need to have some kind of inner frame. Do you think there's any way we could maybe remove the articulation? I can see why it looks appealing, but it could be a weak point in um the structure, do you think? That would be a worry of mine. Yeah, we won't add that functionality. However, one interesting point is, I don't know how serious you were there, but we if we take some of the ideas why don't we make the damn thing yellow to incorporate the des the colour of the logo? I dunno. It's an certainly a different colour from your average um That's true. Was there anything in your research Mm-hmm. An interesting point is that if the person doesn't have the computer, we can still make the process easier because instead of having to look up codes, maybe we can have it that one of the options they have is that they look up the name of the company on the L_C_D_ and then they maybe look up different names of um different actual units that have been produced. Or we have the remote control just go through them until it's like does this do the correct function, and such. Doesn't have to be used very often that's right, yeah. Okay, this just to give us a rough idea of what we're meant to be doing for the next stage. I'm pretty sure that you got that anyway. This is the conceptual one. Um. I think we've come up I think we've covered everything we need to here. Um I think we've decided on what, you know, decided on standard items for most of um rubber and such, so we're now looking at the detailed design and what we need to be doing for the next meeting. Um So for example, um I'll just start at the top, you've got yourself and the Industrial Designer gonna be working quite closely at this stage 'cause it'll be hard not to, obviously. Um looking from prototyping of some des description using clay. Um I suppose you'll be told a lot more about that as uh progress. Um The user interface design, They're kind of it looks they're the idea I've pushed forward so far is maybe more of a physical one there, whereas possibly be more interested in maybe how the L_C_D_'s going to incorporate, do you think? Or do you s perceive that most the design design decisions still need to be based on the physical layout? Mm-hmm, that's very true. Um. Okay. Um got product evaluation as well. Um. I I think we'd be yeah, no, it'd be more a case of how do we envisage us performing the product evaluation once we have a model to test with. Um so it'd be a case of do you think that just bringing users in to have them test it out, uh maybe putting a certain number of products into the field in certain places which I suppose is quite similar. Or just kind of hitting the streets and you know saying this is a new remote control, what do you think of the look of it? Um I think the target audience is pretty much anybody under the age of say maybe sixty or something ludicrous. Um the reason I'm saying that is we're just looking at a a replacement remote control, something that's stylish, so maybe you're even just maybe you're narrowing down your target audience simply by saying if they're buying it that often or they're maybe looking to replace something then, they've got a bit of free cash, so that puts them potentially in the younger age bracket. Maybe even single, just for the reasons of um uh excess cash flow. Although of course I mean at twenty five Euros, I don't think we're looking at charging the earth for the uh device. Think that's well within the normal bracket. Um your idea of the U_S_B_ would I think would largely depend on the cost. U_S_B_'s definitely one of the cheapest interfaces out there, but it might push the cost of the overall unit up 'cause it would require not just the connection but the chip for communicating with the rest of the system. That one might have to be based on The the idea was that maybe it could connect up for um allowing a software interface on the P_C_ for a larger programming due to the fact that we've gone for such a nice, easy minimal design, normally. Um. It's just for T_V_, but for programming it to use your T_V_, you might hook it up to the P_C_. I I'm not sure, but I'm thinking maybe that the additional cost of the U_S_B_ might be prohibitive. We don't know unless it would make sense to. Mm-hmm. W It would make sense to. I would say to. Um and we'd better be careful about the time as well. We've already had the five minute warning, so. Um. I would say yeah. International would make sense. Um you're gonna look at product evaluation. I'm I'd better start writing up a hell of a lot of crap. Um you're gonna look a bit more at the kind of the physical make up you say. Um looks like we're gonna need a maybe a kind of prototype in clay. Uh we'll see how that goes. Um. So um do I think we've got an idea of where we need to go for the next meeting, would you say? Yeah, I would s that would be my my feeling. We seem to have quite a general consensus that the idea of the the r rubber could be quite Yeah. So we always need to remember that somewhere we're meant to be getting the slogan on. Possibly I'm think I'm not sure but I'm seeing a little bit of space around maybe the joystick area which could be used. Um. Okay. And I think that says it all really. Right. See everybody in a half hour.