. Almost. Mm 'kay. No no no no, it's fine I'm just preparing. Okay. Where is that thing? Oh sorry, couldn't see. Would that work? Okay, so that's me again. Um so um for the energy sources we can have a basic battery, a hand dynamo which is which was used uh in the fifties for torches, if you remember that kind of which wouldn't be v wouldn't be v v yeah, yeah. It wouldn't be very fancy. You can have a kinetic provision of energy, which is used on some watches these days. So if you have just a bit of gentle movement that it will give it the energy to work. Or you can use solar cells, but I'm not sure about that indoors, really, but Yeah. I dunno actually. I dunno. Um. Think the the uh what would cost the less would be the basic battery, really. And uh if we want something fancier, I think the kinetic provision of energy could be nice, but I don't know if it's worth the cost. So we've got to discuss that. For the case of the remotes itself, um they can be a general case, which is just a flat one. You can have uh a curved one or a double curved one, if you know what I mean, so You know, kind of more ergonomic, that kind of suits the palm of your hand, that kind of thing. So Um then the case material itself, so it can be uh uh either plastic or latex, uh rubber, wood, or titanium. And th for each of them you have uh cases where for example titanium, you can't use it for if you if we're choosing a double curved case, we can't choose titanium. And if we are choosing um solar cells then we can't choose latex for the case material, so we just have to take that into account. But if we're choosing just the flat case then we can go for anything. And I think we discussed earlier on the R_ S_ I_ problem thing, so we could uh Yeah. Yeah. And also it doesn't break as easily maybe, I dunno So rubber would be Okay. Uh s so if d okay. And then there are the push-buttons, so you can have basic push-buttons or a scroll-wheels, like you have on a mouse, um or you could have um L_C_D_, which gives you a display. Um scroll buttons, as well. So if you use a rubber double curved case, you must use rubber push-buttons. So if we're going for rubber then we have to decide for the case. Um and if we choose double curved then we have to go for rubber push-buttons. So it's a constraint. Yeah, but is it a double curved one or not? If it's not a double curved, then we've got the choice for the push-buttons, if it's a double curve, we've gotta go for rubber push-buttons. If that makes sense. Yeah.. No, but na le you see, you've got, okay, the energy that's one thing, then you have the case is uh, whether it's flat or curved. And that's we don't care if it's rub rubber or not, but then we've decided that we going for rubber for the case material. So if we've chosen rub rubber and if now we have the choice for the case whether it's flat, single curved or double curved. And I'm just saying if it if we choose it to be double curved then we need to go I dunno why, but we need to go for uh rubber push-buttons. So, either I dunno we just need to decide on the on the case. Let's go crazy. And then, do I have a last slide? Yes, I do. Um so the push-buttons themselves they can be just simple or they can be so that's just the electronics between the but behind the push-buttons. Um and the price that go with it with it, so the simple push-buttons are gonna be the cheapest. Uh if we get a scroll-wheel, that's a higher price range. If we get an advanced chip which is um used for the L_C_D_, the display thing, then that's even more expensive. Mm.. Yeah. The infra-red. Yeah. Well, if if it's not chip on print then, I guess, you get different chip components, and you build them separately and doesn't include the infra-red. It's less expensive mm Technically speaking, it's not as advanced, but it does the job, too. Fo It doesn't, yeah, yeah, yeah. Totally. Yeah. So let's not go for the Yeah, yeah. I agree. So it's either um the scroll-wheel or the push-buttons. Well It'd be it'd be cool, but they are saying they've just developed it, I'm just guessing. But it's gonna be the most expensive option, probably and Hm. Just if you are really lonely, maybe. Channel five. And then it switches on. Okay, so I'll go back, maybe, to the previous slide and we can decide for each problem, what we should choose. So for the energy source, do we go for the battery or the Cheaper option. Are you happy with that? Okay. So we'll go for the battery. Then the case, do you want it flat or curved or sing or double curved? Double? Okay, so then if we use double curved case, then we have to u choose rubber push-buttons, and that's fine? P Yeah. I thought they would give an option of flat buttons or a That they don't. Mm. Alright, that's me done. Sorry. Well Bluetooth would, for example, enable you, I think, to um um connect for example you if you get a w call on your mobile phone, but your mobile phone is downstairs or something, you would get on your television you're being called by this person right now. Things like that. No i No, but if you get Bluetooth on the remote, you'd be able to I with the television, yeah. I was just trying to find an advantage. Wha what w what advantage would you get for the Maybe the kinetic mo provision of energy then. It's been done for watches, but I haven't seen that for remotes, yet. Change the batteries ever again. Yeah, well, and in little characters you say, yeah, but not too much. Yep. No vegetables. Well yeah, but Apple would sue you for that. sued the Beatles so Yeah. Why not? I'm gonna write that down. That's yeah. Although I'd be curious to see how many uh You know, there are some colours that I wouldn I would never choose, and I would be curious how many people choose that colour. Mm. And produce less of the silly colours, maybe. Yep. Alright. Mm. Cool. It is. Great. That's true. Doesn't Yeah. Are we taking these off?