Uh okay we basically have the same kinda lay-out here it's just um you hold it like this and it gets kinda moulded to the to the shape of your hand, basically. Um on the left we've got the scroll for the volume, on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda so you can hold it and scroll, or you can hold it and and push. Uh this is the power key, um it's kinda like the biggest so you know how to turn on. Uh that's the little menu key. This is the infra-red section so you g it'll be sending rays and if you're you know pointing it like that it can send it, or if you hold it up like that it'll send it. Uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands so you can you know talk to it like that and it'll still understand. Um the logo is down down there um and has the cover on it and you can see like it just kinda goes the red bit's the cover and it kinda goes over everything and then there's holes for the buttons to come through. Um. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But it's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers you actually have to screw them on and stuff and you kinda sometimes have to get someone to do that for you. This is very much you should be able to stretch it over yourself and it'll be fine. Yeah. Yeah. Li that'll be the covers as well, yeah yeah. Yeah it could stand, yeah. Well we could broaden the broaden it out a bit so it would stand like that. Yeah, standing. Yeah, we could just widen it out uh Mm. Mm. Mm, yeah, yeah. Have to if we just lengthen it I guess so it comes down to the base of the hand and then flatten it out and could sit there. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. We might have to lengthen it so it kinda your hand still holds it and have it there, yeah, yeah, yeah like that, like that. Yeah. Mm. The final product would actually stand up, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Wee Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah I'd say definitely a one yeah. Yeah, defi yeah, yeah Yeah. Yeah definitely. Yeah. Yeah definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm-hmm. No, not at all. Uh Yeah it is sorta the the handle more ergonomically correct as well. yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. I I I think it will tend to appeal more to younger aged groups just 'cause we have gone with the fashion focus and the younger people tend to would be more conscious of that aspect of it, but um I think it should still appeal on a certain level to everybody, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yep. Well done us. Excellent. Oh no that's Uh.. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yep. Yep. Cool, thank you,