Fourteen twenty six. Is double-curved like would be like two hands kind of thing? Okay. 'Cause I'm imagining like double-curved is like, you know, like two sides that curve and then like one curve would just be like a single vertical-ish kind of looking thing, but I've no idea. Sounds good. Thanks. Wait, but is that separate from what he was saying? Should I plug that in? Maybe it's just not Is it on? Ri What F_ do you have to press, five? I just keep pressing lots of 'em. Well, I don't know how relevant all of this gonna be. If anything, the that they gave me. Alright. Oh yeah. Okay, so we're gonna look a little bit at trend watching. Basically, I was given um an executive summary that was a market investigation on remote controls that was recently conducted, and then also some fashion watchers in Paris and Milan commented on some things that are gonna be going on this year. So first um they had people they ranked um the important aspects of r remote controls, and right now i d they're saying that currently there's a functional look and feel preference, but that really, over the next year it it that's gonna be switching to fancy look and feel remotes, so that just goes back to the whole desire of our c Real Reaction company wanting to focus on fashion and so, even though we're stressing, when we're talking, we've all been talking about this like simplicity and easy to use idea, they're sort of wanting us to remember that the number one thing for everyone is that it's fancy look and feel. And as these are ranked, the top one is doubly important to the second one, which is doubly important to the third one, so just to take that weight into account. The second thing that was mentioned as important was the technological innovations. That would be like if we use something like the space material or the L_C_D_ screen, things like that. And then ease of use was the third most important, whi so really, no matter what, we need to focus the most on fancy look and feel, according to this. I don't know how much we agree with that. And then the fashion watch talks about that this year's top trend for clothes, shoes and furniture is fruits and vegetables and tha that there's a preference for spongy, tight material. And so that brings us to my personal preferences. Who wants a spongy remote or one with fruit and vegetable padding. Personally, I don't really think that I want one that's gonna go out of style or go stale, excuse the pun, um in a year, so even though this is coming from us as, you know, trend watch, market research, I don't know how much of it we necessarily wanna take away. Also, considering that the d research b has been carried out by Real Reaction, I'm a little hesitant as to like, how these questions may have been worded, and if necessarily this whole fashion to technology y edas ease of use is necessarily the right ranking. Personally, like I might reverse it, but if we're working for this company then I guess no matter what, we have to stress fashion the most. But it doesn't necessarily need to be a spongy material. Yeah. I don't have a lot of notes to share if you want them, that pretty much sums it up. So yeah. Yeah, what can I possibly enlighten on? Mm-hmm. Yeah, so something, m m instead of a necess yeah, grip, I'm thinking grip more than like sinking into your hands, you know, i and I think I'm envisioning more like, you know, the material that you have when you sit on like a bicycle, so that it doesn't hurt when you're sitting down for a long time, like I'm imagining that sort of thing, I don't know what th that material's called. Oh God. What about the idea of like a round remote? Instead of like a vertical up and down one. Like in terms of holding it. Like that's a f shape of a fruit. Just to tie it in a little. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause otherwise your fingers can't move around. But I like i I love the idea of the wheel like the iPod. 'Cause th It's like five, 'cause there's one in the middle. I think why it would be good for us is 'cause like you could have the same wheel sort of effect for like channel flipping and then the other one could be like for volume. Like just the idea of like those so few buttons for main things, but then how you could go back to the menu and like, I dunno if we would want it on the screen there or on the actual T_V_. I kind of am wanting to say on the T_V_, 'cause if you're changing the brightness, don't you wanna see it happening, kind of? And then you could still have that available. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. If I get any more information of fruits and vegetables, I'll let you know. Well, there we go. The iPod packaging is me like was so that was like half the fun. It's like the way it all comes all cute. Lemons? Yeah, I mean, it would t totally take care of our problem of not wanting to change batteries. Costs. But over time Yeah, it's a But if you c if you could scroll through the channels, and then the volume would just be and the volume would just be like the same way, forward and backward as I'm just thinking like it would make it much like sleeker sort of looking. And otherwise, no matter how may buttons we have, we're gonna have like, you know, black with red sticking out and th no it's gonna inevitably sort of start looking like those group of sort of ugly ones that we saw stacked up. Oh could it be hard, and then something around it? I'm thinking curved of some sort. Yeah. And let's like see if we get anything else. I mean I'm not like hard-sold on the scroll wheel, it's more just to give it a different kind of look, but if it's gonna be in a latex type thing and that's gonna look cool, then that's probably gonna have a bigger impact than the scroll wheel. Like a radio type sorta situation? Wow.