Okay hang on. See if it's there. I don't know. Hang on. Interface concepts, no? Either refresh it, or it sh Oh wait, maybe I didn't put it there. Hang on. Sorry, hang on. Don't know. Okay. Okay, um looking at the interface concept, it's gonna be mostly examples of possibilities of where we can go with this. Uh if you wanna start the next slide. Um uh can't really see, but there's two possible ways, on the r left, if you see on th on the sides of of the remote, you have the sort of scroll down, so you have that option right there. And then also there's the idea of the base. That's sort of like an idea there. And then on the right, we have what's really big trend right now, it's the iPod. It's becoming really and so you have this sort of very very simplistic menu section uh with the round buttons, and it's sort of like you have the both kind of trendy and hip, but also very sleek and um and very simple, but technologically advanced. So if you wanted to do that th if we could find a way of sort of like using that idea in a remote control then sort of look into it, but Anyway, next. Um there's the idea of like being able to do it by feel as well as by um by sight. You'd you know you're in the dark, you don't wanna be looking at the remote control. And the picture particularly is pointing out if you look at the top volume button it's a V_, and so yo you're kind of feeling a V_ like volume up. What it really is is a V_ and what it you think it is is down, because the down arrow. And so it's like a sort of a criticism you'd probably turn that o the other way up. Um but then you have you could either do it by raised type, which could be you know, iffy, um sort of old-fashioned in a way. Either that or just have it by shape, for example you have a specific triangular shape that you know you're looking at the up and down arrow. And then the round ones you sort of feel by, you know, that's the second one down, that sort of thing. So it's sort of looking into how we wanted t to do it by feel. Okay. Um this is sort of an example of going for a s certain demographic. Um this is particularly geared towards children. Um it's very cute, and we could probably change it to yellow, bright yellow for like a the for the company logo. Um and you have the shapes and it's very simplistic and friendly looking. Um and then the other thing that it would be able to do is just to pro be ab you program certain channels that only these children would watch, so it's like they ch watch, you know, the C_ Beebies or something like that, uh keep them away from other channels. So that's like another ar Um, I mean, these are three examples sort of looking at it. You have the wider section for the main controls there. Uh you could see how many buttons there are. And then on the left you have an example of the round buttons, and a simpler design. On the bottom we probably wouldn't need that, because it's more for like a D_V_D_ function which we are not gonna be using. Um. So again it's sort of like just give you ideas and then down at the bottom you have the logos and that's where you could put the R_R_, Real Reaction. And then finally these are like the sort of same examples, but also some more, just possibilities that we could go with. None of them I'm particularly keen on by the way. But it's sort of like just taking aspects out of that and saying, well out of this one we like, you know the round section of um, b or we'd like the the button size on this. Right. That's it. Right. Let me just add one more thing that I couldn't say before, and that's just that there's the new technology that they've developed on the voice recognition. Um. Right except that it's sort of odd, and I'm no not exactly sure why they are explaining it in the way they are, um there's a sample sensor and there's a sample speaker unit for So, you would say like, good morning, coffeemaker, and it would respond, good morning, Jill, but I'm not sure exactly how it's gonna work, 'cause do you programme do we program the responses and the questions. So does that mean that the user then has to ask the specific question, and can't change it in order for it to be recognised, or can it be altered in a certain way, or does the actually user program it, to say a channel means this. Right, so it's got like a limited memory and programme it. So it's sort of iffy, but that's kind of what you'd say. I always feel like first I wanna know what it looks like, before 'Cause if it's something really really small, then it's sort of harder to imagine a base for it, that was p quite a s substantial size sort of standing up Right. Well, the other thing is like even if it's got a few buttons, so we want it to be bigger than this, 'cause it still fits in your hand, so you still wanted something that's comfortable and substantial, but not necessarily full of buttons. Are you gonna lose it easier? Yeah. So i That's the other thing, it's like You know Are we gonna have certain chips that are gonna require bigger size period? But like, you know, if we get more complicated then it's gonna v be have to be bigger to just accommodate the chip size. So we sh Yeah. I'm a away from the base. Yeah. Smaller and smaller, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're kidding. Oh watches I've but I've never washed a cell phone. Well, titanium s I was saying that titanium, if we're being restricted then I would probably lean away from that. Yeah. That'll Yeah, exactly. The selling point, yeah. Are we restricted by this? Twenty five Euros So you're talking about like when it leaves our salesroom then it's all gonna be cherry-coloured or is it gonna be the kinda thing where people come back and swap it? Okay. The what the top face, right? Yeah. A tracker, yeah. Well, my little sister got for Christmas she got one of those key finders that's like a key-ring, and you have to whistle in a certain frequency for it to work. And then she would laugh and it would start going off in her purse, and you couldn't turn it off. So it became highly irritating. But then it Hmm. Okay. Well, that depends on what the energy is needed. As long as we sell it with it. Right, that's what I meant. What's it gonna Yeah, what's it gonna look like. Um. Well, my issue with that is if it got too big though, 'cause if you have the circle and the button in the middle, then is it gonna get wider than your your hands are, because w And then would the buttons be too small if it was enough to fit on it? Yeah. But is that for Which? Do we have both sides? Well, the other option is in instead of a scroll you just have the buttons up on the side which are on the side. Um what colour? Well I sort of like having the a yellow strip at the bottom with the R_R_ like that. And that's at the bottom of it. Which button? Yeah. Yeah. I'm just really wary of the putting anything on a button. What's the button Well, w w then what's the button do, and how do you know that that is what the button does? I guess. Just looking at examples, y you just don't ever see the logo on a button, it's always on the actual casing. But you don't But uh, yeah, you don't see it. Well, hang on. The other option is, I don't know if you can see it but it's like if Yeah, it's like the second to last slide. Interface, yeah. Yeah. Um. Okay, it's the very right one. You see at the bottom, it's kind of difficult to see, but you have like a d sort of s division between the bottom like, where the logo is, and if we have the replaceable section, it's like the top. It doesn't necessarily replace the entire top. And so you have that one piece that stays and the rest just sort of clips in. If c you envisioning it? And so that stays the same when you have the logo, and then you have this s slip that kinda clips in and that's the bit that changes. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Right. That's like, you know, a a cellphone it's like the the screen is always just left opened. And so, what we are gonna do it like bright yellow with the R_R_? Yellow. Yeah. Oh, that one. Um. Ha hang on Let me catch up. Did we finalise what buttons we're including or we just everything that we said before? Yeah. Fun.