Uh Okay. Well, my name is Iain uh and I'm the User Interface Designer for the project. Um. And I'll try and draw my favourite animal. I'll I should leave that one on there shouldn't I before I callously rub it off. Um I'm not gonna draw it quite to scale um. Is that at least identifiable? It's a whale, yes. Thanks. Um and, yeah, the reason I like whales is 'cause uh they're well, first of all they're quite intelligent um and also they're they're kind of mysterious, like we don't really know much about them or or understand how they work, how they form groups. And I just find them interesting animals. Cool. I've used, I've used remote controls, for things like T_V_ and the C_D_ player and video recorder and I I guess they're they're pretty neat neat little tools uh. You don't have to get up and walk across the room to change a channel. So especially if you're someone really lazy like me they they're pretty nice. Um. I find them they can be a bit annoying, especially, like you know if I'm watching T_V_ I have have to have three separate remote controls of in front of me, you know, one for the T_V_, one for the digital box, one for m the video recorder as well. Um. And also they tend to they tend to be a bit confusing, they've got too many buttons on them uh too too sort of too sort of complicated when all I really wanna do is switch on and off, change the channel, change the volume. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Can I ask, are we designing a remote control for a television only um, and if if this device is just to be used for the television would we even technically be possible to include video recorder functions on it? Um or should we just stick to just stick to having television television related buttons on it? So we should maybe we should assume that i t it's just a television that we're wanting to control. Well, I mean I suppose it would be nice to have playing and record and stop buttons on it for the video recorder as well I I don't know if that works technologically or not. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. What we're gonna be discussing at the next meeting? Do we know that? Right. Yep. Yep. Okay. Can you e-mail your slides as well? Is that possible? Cool. 'Kay