Yes. Alright. Well. Yeah, well you see, each made one, we didn't have enough yellow dough. This is the one that I made. It is uh curved, easy to hold, hand-held, nice and small with big easy buttons. This is like a scroll, but they are push buttons and they enter takes you into the different menus. Of course we need someone who's experienced with the television. I mean this is the infrared thing that's gonna zap at the television. Uh I'm not quite sure how to make that, but I'm sure it will work. Uh this is on off switch, 'cause I think we do need that, and I think it gives it a nice balance. And it's gonna have the logo imprinted on it uh in there. Um as for what it's actually made of well the function of these buttons is up, down, left and right in the different menus. Uh position, I presume that just means right right on it, easy to see. The main feature of it is just a simple design, simple, lack of uh buttons all over the place. Right? Form curved, kind of smooth, hand-held, makes it feel nice to hold. Uh material, I think Kate's gonna tackle that quite a bit, but I think we have two different options, because we did make a another one, which wa uh is in the shape of banana, it's just if you can imagine this as yellow with black buttons, like just like this but in the shape of a banana, which is also nice and easy to hold and feels good and has a similar sort of scroll push button technology, just a slightly different design. Also with on off switch and infrared uh I had envisioned it in hard smooth plastic. So like uh well, I dunno, what's it like? I guess like an existing remote control, but molded and smooth. Whereas otherwise we'd thought, like with this one or mix and match, just we were gonna see what you thought, the uh a more spongy rubber cover with spongy buttons. So we have the two options we can follow, either the smooth hard plastic or the spongy rubber, depending on cost restraints. And what we well, what conclusion we reach when we discuss it. Uh material yeah, that's what I have to say about material. Can I scroll down on there and see what else Well colour, I think I definitely have a preference towards bright yellow with black buttons, because that's the company colours, but if anybody's got any other suggestions, I'm quite willing to consider them as well. So, it just depends what you think about these ideas and if I'm yeah, maybe, Kate, you better say what you think about them. I thin as for as for the fruit or organic theme, I guess this one is obviously fruit shaped. This one has n banana, yeah. This one has no obvious connections to fruit, but because it's round and molded, it kinda makes you think sort of organic, touchy-feely, kiddie, it's more like yeah, you'd expect it to be like a child's sorta toy remote control instead of a real one, which I quite like that sort of image. 'Cause it's very big and chunky and child-friendly and Hold them, you see, you know. Curvature, is it to your liking? If you don't wanna tire out your thumbs after all. Yeah. Breaking, oh right. Well you see, that's why hard plastic would be quite a good thing for it, because then it'd just be rigid. Yeah, we really like we really like that design, I mean it looks just like a logo, that arrangement of the keys. Like a c like a compass point, you know, just up, down, left and right, and we think we could make that quite a good feature. And it's like the the iPod scroll wheel, but better. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I mean it that's what it makes me think of, mobile phones, I was try I was thinking, moving your thumb like this, what does that remind me of? It's texting. Hmm. Yeah. I mean the thing is we do need to develop our technology of I mean actually how to program the menus and what sort of, you know, text box is gonna appear at the bottom of the screen, but we do definitely think that it's a viable option. Uh yeah, we're finished. Yeah, what about price, is that gonna go on there as well? Price of materials. Not that we actually know anything about it, but we can we can pretend. It depends what what you mean by fancy really, 'cause when I think of fancy, I think of it's got lots of extra sort of fripperies and, you know, like baroque curliness and which I'd call these quite uh minimalist, simple and plain, but I mean I do see what it is heavily reliant on appearance instead of pure functionality, so in that respect it is quite fancy. I think just maybe we need a different word other than fancy, I'd say maybe aesthetic. like stylish or aesthetic. Fancy. Did you just break the pen? Well d we'll just call it fancy then. Yeah, I think we n we need to they're both yellow with black buttons, it's just that we didn't have any more dough to represent uh that, but if you can just imagine banana shape with these bits as black. So what we re really need to decide is whether we want the actual banana shape or just a a purely blob or some sort of abstraction in between the two that isn't that is more curved, like a banana, but that isn't actually recognisable as a banana, you know, with the grooves and the stalk and stuff, so. So that's maybe not something we have to decide just right now, is it. Just somewhere a long the scale of in between these two. Yes. Oh yes. Well, maybe only a two or a three then, 'cause it's no we still haven't decided about specific sponginess or specific Yeah, I don't really think that's gonna work, but No. No. Well it is quite it is quite quirky I think. It could be quite a good brand, like a good little object. Oh, we also need tho think about the energy. Is it the kinetic energy? If it's it is gonna be environmentally friendly with the kinetic energy. Yeah, but we haven't completely developed that side of it yet, so we're not completely sure about that, but yeah. Yeah. I would say maybe a two, 'cause we still we need to uh get somebody in who is good with the programming for the menus and things. I mean it's not just like I mean it's not like ev you know, on a normal chunky remote every button res I mean means something different, whereas this one has only got the four buttons and they all they mean everything, depending on what menu you're in. uh we need somebody to develop that. Yeah. Just putting no excess buttons. As for see if we're technologically innovative, I'd say it is quite innovative, because there aren't really many that have this menu idea instead of all the extra buttons. I mean I know we're not doing anything involving internet or speech recognition but but we are at the upper end of the push button market. Well, just kinetic then,. It's the wind-up. What does double curved mean, I don't understand. Oh no, we don't need that. No. Single-curved, I'd say. I I just wanna say plastic. It's just button. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah, like the compass point one. Yeah, they could be plastic. Great. Yes. Yeah. And Play-Doh. Yeah well, 'cause I mean it's so hard to describe what you mean just with words and pointing at photographs and saying, well we quite want this, but imagine it rounder. So much better just to go and, you know, this is it, this is what we want. Yeah. Spongy. And I'd never heard of the kinetic energy before, so. Good work as a design team, because we Oh yes. Yes. Yeah. And the the only false one is because we've chosen to keep a simple old technology, which if it works perfectly well I see no point in improving on if it works, so. Yeah. So we do count as I think excellent or one.. Bring on the ice sculptures. Yeah. That's what I said, ice sculptures. Is that the end of the meeting?