F_ eight, w. Function F_ eight. Thanks. Can you see? Do you think Is it uh, function eight yeah? Oh right. Okay. Okay. I'm the User um User Interface Designer. Uh, the technical functions design of the apparatus is the effect the apparatus should have. Um, in this case it's the function of the remote control, which is to send messages to the television, television set. By taking inspiration from other similar designs, we'll try and come up with an original trendy remote control, which is sellable international. There're two functional design options. A multifunctional remote control, which can be used for several entertainment devices. And a single function remote control, used specifically for the television. Sorry. Um, a single function just for the television itself. Yeah. Um, multifunctional controls can be difficult to use, as the multitude of buttons can be confusing. A single function remote control is simpler to use, but it means you have to have other remote controls for your other entertainment devices. Um, I think that a single function remote control would be preferable, because it's easier to use. It'd be more compatible with a range of television sets, making it more internationally sellable. Um, it will make an original design more obtainable, as we have less functional necessities to include in the design. And it would be more profitable as it would be more simplistic. And less functions would have to be included. So it would be cheaper to make. And probably more sellable just because it's more compatible with a r a wider range of devices. Does anyone have any questions? Well, it's just that, when we're creating it, we're, we have to make it um compatible with different brands of devices. And it would be easier to make it compatible with just different brands of television devices rather than other ent, yeah, other entertainment devices. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And with this we'll have more room in the budget probably to make a more original design. We'll have more money to go into the design side of it. Yeah. Yeah. It's um It has T_V_ has like information, it has information on holidays, the news, entertainment. No, li Yeah. Yeah. And you have page numbers like for the menu, and you press the page numbers with your remote, and it, it'll come up. Very basic internet, yeah. But you have Yeah. But you have no interaction back with it, you know. Like the internet you can send emails and You've no interaction. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, probably just tuning in the channels, would it be? Tuning them in at the very start. You know if you get a new T_V_ set, you tune in all the channels, do you th do you think? Yeah. Yeah. Repeti Uh. Yeah, yeah. I think it is. Yeah. Mobile phone. Yeah. Yeah. Could it it It would be good if it had the actual programme that was on, and what was next. But that would probably be Yeah. That would be good, yeah. Yeah. Might be quite expensive to do that though. And we should keep in mind that fifteen to twenty five year olds might not have twenty five Euros to spend on a remote control. Like their priorities might not be a fancy remote control, when they're just starting out and, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Early twenties, that's the kind of age group. Twenties. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it would be annoying though if I don't use teletext that much, but if it was on your T_V_, you'd want to be able to use it, if You'd Yeah. So is it just Okay. Alright. Right. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Okay then. Yeah. Would you be able to, um, put the little device anywhere? 'Cause uh isn't our remote control for all T_V_s, so you'd ha Yeah, with the button that you pressed. Yeah. C 'cause then it would only be a applicable to one T_V_ set, so it would need to be something that you could stick somewhere, or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would it need a battery then? Yeah. I I like the light up suggestion. I think that would be better. 'Cause you know the way fluorescent lights lose their brightness after certain time, so I would go for Well just the numbers could be embossed, couldn't it? Like raised. Yeah. Could be raised. Just little arrows, that you could feel, maybe? Yeah. Yeah. That, I think that's good, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I wouldn't say so. That's good Yeah that a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. That, yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. For visually impaired, yeah. Yeah. If I was thinking though, if it was glow-in-the-dark, you could put the um Real Reaction symbol as glow-in-the-dark, and then it would be constantly advertised. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Interchangeable thing? That would be good. Yeah. Yeah, and then that would be uh more profitable like as a sideline to the remote as well. Y Could buy extra Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. No. Oh yeah. If w No. Okay.