Yeah. Yeah. Um. So how S Sh do you want me to hold it? So, after that? F_ eight. f oh sorry F_ eight. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, me again, Rajan the Marketing Expert. Uh, as we have decided in the last meeting that I have to find out, sorry, yeah sure. Yeah, yeah. Uh actually, sorry I have to see the other, sorry. Yeah, thank you. Uh, yes, I have to look at the uh market potential for this product, uh, like consumer likings and everything, what is the potential for this product and are we able to achieve our a net profit or our aims or not? Then Sorry. Okay. Yeah, I can, okay. Uh then uh the methodology I adopted to find out all this was market survey. A a detailed market survey on consumers was done to find out their likings and dislikings, what they prefer what they not prefer, w what problems they do encounter in all this type of things. And what we got was, we found that if you uh, what they th what problems they are having with different uh remote controls available in the market. Seventy five percent of users they do find it that the remote controls available in the market are ugly. They are not so good looking. So, we have to put stress on this, uh we have to take care of this fact also like our design, uh should be appropriate, should be good looking for the consumers. And yes that's wi uh this will definitely, this can definitely put uh uh enhance our sales. Uh and even uh the good thing about this is that eighty percent of users they are willing to pay high uh pay more for this uh good looking remote controls also. So even if the available market goes for the available uh even if the market goes for the available remote control is less even then we can sell it at twenty five Euros, which maybe which may seem quite high but if our looks are are if the re remote control we design have a good better uh better look uh designs, then we can hope that consumers will prefer these g remote controls. Then And the second thing, some some companies they think that they should have more and more functions of the users uh or in their remote controls, but rather than those having more functions in the remote controls we should emphasise what actually consumer want, what they operate, rather than making it too complicated. Because mostly it has been found that fifty percent of the users they use only ten percent of the buttons, so there is no point of having ninety percent buttons making the remote controls too bulky, too complicated too expensive a because I think I believe that technology is useful only if uh the consumers they want to use it. Otherwise there is no point of having all this type of things. So this will not only reduce the cost of our remote controls but it will increase our profit also. So we have to take care of this fact also. Then. Uh it was function I want to go to. Uh, escape, okay thank you. Then if we look at this slide, uh these are in your shared documents, you can see, like Uh, sorry. Ah t look all the market potential, what uh how we should design consu our remote controls, what they should be there so as to en enhance our profit, enhance our sales. Yeah, these are different age group persons like uh sorry, I can open it in another way. Uh, yes. If we look at the costs whether the consumers they are willing to uh pay more for speech recognition in a remote control or not, we can find that they up to a thirty five years age group we have a very good disliking for this uh this uh point, like for speech recognition in a remote control. So we can emphasise on this point also like, because it will definitely enhance our sales in this ag in this particular age group from uh fifteen to thirty five, and I uh and I think that most of the users of the rem uh T_V_ are belong to this age group. So we should look Yeah. We can look at that that factor also, so yes. Yeah. So, and And then Yes. I think so. Uh if we look at this data how how uh h how what are the problems the consumers are facing with the existing remote controls in the market. They find that thirt uh thirty five percent uh thirty four percent of the consumers they find too difficult to operate a remote control. So it should be in such a way that it should be easy to learn how to operate these remote controls and we should provide pl uh spe uh proper manuals for its use also so as that people consumers could easily learn. They need not to have any, much technical knowledge to see uh to know how to operate these remote controls. So this is also a very goo uh major factor to loo uh take into consideration to enhance our profits and sales. So um this is all about uh market potential by me. Uh, yes, th thank you. Yeah we have to take that out. Sorry. Sorry. Uh sorry, I have. Brian, this one also I. Yeah. Thank you very much Brian. If you want me to help, yeah. Yeah. Uh F_ eight. Function F_ eight. Mm s. It's not coming. Function F_ eight, okay. Yeah. Computer. Computer adjusting, yeah. Yeah. Escape. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Fifty million was uh prof As a profit. Yeah, me too. Yeah. About cost. Okay. Uh. I Uh may I say something about? Uh actually I think it's really really very important point uh as if we look at the market because people mor fifty percent people they find that the remote controls are often lost somewhere in the remote, in the room. But yeah are lost and means they forget where they have kept the remote control last time. But if we add speech recognition as well as glow in the dark then both these factors will help their locating the remote control, like if they come and speak something at the remote control uh replies to something something and it glows in the dark. Both these factors uh both these points will help them to locate the where they have kept this remote control, and this will definitely enhance our uh market sales, so we should take it into consideration also. Yeah. Totally, it takes cheap speech recognition, she they wi Yeah. Glow in dark. Here? Sure. Uh it is in shared documents? Projoct uh projector. Hmm. It is not giving anything. Shared documents. Um but we have to take care like But we have to take care of our children also if they means if children catch hold of your or if they chew it it shouldn't be too harmful. So, whatever material we use it should be yeah. So we have to safety point of view also, we have to take care. Yeah. Small logo with the like a small yellow strip or y yellow with the logo in it. Yeah. Hmm. That's good. Check here.