No. Mm. Um um wi on on a what? Oh project project documents, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Oh okay, yeah. Yes, I think so. Yeah, the last minute, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um Okay. Hmm. Mm. Okay, yeah, afterwards, yeah, okay. Thanks. I think we need like some general discussion at the end probably. Yeah. Yeah, I think since since we were discussing some um design issues then I I I would like to continue okay, yeah. Thanks. Oh i Okay, I hope wait. Should it just There's just nothing. Oh right, right, right, um Okay. Nothin okay, something is coming up. No signal? Why? Oh. My my computer went blank now. Adjusting. But I don't see anything I don't see anything on my computer now. This is the problem, but Um. Uh now it's okay. No? No. Oh okay. Okay, that's fine, that's good. Okay, let's start from the beginning. So I'm going to speak about technical functions design uh just like some some first issues that came up. Um 'kay, so the method I was um adopting at this point, it's not um for the for the whole um period of the um all the project but it's just at th at this very moment. Um uh my method was um to look at um other um remote controls, uh so mostly just by searching on the web and to see what um functionality they used. And then um after having got this inspiration and having compared what I found on the web um just to think about what the de what the user really needs and what um what the user might desire as additional uh functionalities. And yeah, and then just to um put the main function of the remote control in in words. Um so the findings uh were um that the main function of the remote control is is just sending messages to the television set, so this quite straightforward. And uh w some of the main functions would be switching on, switching off, uh then the user would like to switch the channel um for example just m changing to the next channel to to flip through all all of the possible channels, or then mm uh the other possibility would be that um she might just want to choose one particular channel, so we would need the numbers. And and also the volume is very important. Um um I als okay. 'Kay. Um um among the findings I found that m m most of the curr mm presently available remote controls also include other mm functionalities um in their design, like operating a V_C_R_, but they don't seem to be able to deal with D_V_D_ players, but then there are surely there are many other functionali functions that could possibly be added to them, but according to the last minute update um actually um we do not want to have all this complicated functions added to our design. So my personal preferences would be uh to keep the mm the whole remote control small um just like the physical size. And then it must be easy to use, so it must follow some conventions um like whereabouts you find the on off button and maybe the colour tends to be red or something. Um then yeah, the must-have buttons would be on off and then the channel numbers and then um the one that allows us to go to the next or the previous channel, and then volume has to be there. But then um other functionalities um could be just uh there could be a menu button and you could change things on the screen then, um for example brightness and mm similar functions could be just um done through the menu. And yeah, the last question I had about whether we wanted to incorporate n uh more functionalities, the answer was already no because of the last minute update. So at the for the time being that's uh that's all. If you have questions Yeah, and also it's it's um other question is uh because there are so many different And there are so many different things that could possibly be included because besides video and D_V_D_ there are the mm um video C_D_s and whatever, so it might be problematic to to choose between all these possible things. Um well, I think the buttons are still mm kind of the most um easy for the user to use, I mean um what other options would you have? A little screen or something, but this would be really kind of I think a lot of learning for the user and and I mean the user just wants to get um get a result um quickly, not to spend time in like um giving several orders um I dunno. I think I th I would I would think the put the buttons, but if if you have other mm proposals um. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Uh am I going in the right direction? No. Wait. Okay, here it comes. Okay, here you are. Um that's very good, very interesting. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, you share a television or something that yeah. It was seventy something, yeah, yeah. Yeah this this is not unaffordable, but the problem is whether people need it, whether they do have a T_V_ to use its full Yeah. Common, the students yeah, yeah. The s the stu yeah, and the remote control might not yeah, it might not even function with the old T_V_. Yeah, we're still yeah. Or w maybe we can just kind of uh uh Yeah, but at the same time I think maybe we can we can just decide to to have both of these groups as our target, because actually I mean they're all still re young people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. An Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but uh um Yeah, yeah sure, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, w well now the v the voice recognition if if it works wonderfully w we could possibly do away with all buttons, but I think this is not really the right moment yet, because people are just so used to buttons and um, yeah it's it's kind of safer, so we we need both, so the voice recognition would be just an extra, it wouldn't really reduce the size of the remote. Yeah but m but on the other hand, remote control isn't as close to you you probably might just just uh speak into it and and the T_V_ would be already further away, so it might not pick up the other things coming from there. Yeah, but then the remote control I think I mean um the idea is kind of it's it's not that it's sitting there on on top of the television, because then you could already yell at the television and you wouldn't you you wouldn't need the remote control, so the remote control is still something you keep n near yourself. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but I I I was just defending the the fact why why we want to keep the remote control close to us, a and uh not to yell at it from the distance. Okay. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, mm-hmm. The major ones, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Did you find it? It's just yeah, yeah. Oh so so we'll just put them i there, we we yeah, w we won't even okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh something conceptual, yeah. Hmm. Sorry, but um the next meeting um are we going to have it um right after lunch or shall we prepare our To prepare, okay, yeah, that's good. Okay. Cool. Okay, see you.