Red. Agenda three. Mm. I like the fact that on both of them the keys play such a prominent role. It's really kind of a Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Yeah. But it's also like texting, you don't Yeah. It's also in terms of um being lost it's it's quite it looks quite different. You know, I I d I have several four remotes, and they all look the same until you get up close and you have to you know, this is really identifiable. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No, okay. Um shall I take your uh power? Oh. Okay. This is going to be a heavily interactive evaluation, and the method here is to evaluate the new remote control in terms of the user requirements and the hot trends introduced by the marketing department. So, this means we're going to go over the priorities that were raised by uh the consumers a as well as incorporate all of our insight into this uh evaluation exercise. So I'm going to go and use the whiteboard, and I've made a list of criteria to look at, and so I'm gonna I'm gonna leave this up as the last thing, but for the evaluation it's going to be one is true and seven is false, going over these different criteria, so one true seven false and I'm gonna now use the um the board. Okay. So um fancy, technologically innovative, easy to use, trendy, buttons, excess buttons, good buttons, ugly, sellable, and other. And in fact I hope that uh you all introduce some additional terms, because these are things that um have been brought up, some of them seem rather close, like they overlap. Mm, yeah, price. We'll put price up at the top. Um Okay, so Did you say? Uh okay, so wha how do we feel in terms of is this fancy? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I yeah, so in that respect I think we'll go with that respect. Yeah. Elegant. Yeah, no these aren't the exact terms that the um Yeah. Elegant. We're gon let's use elegant, although the the the people, the word on the street is is Yeah. N that um yeah uh the uh is fancy. So let's let's take it to the next level. Well okay, so in terms of elegant, fancy. we'll call it E_F_ um, do we do we think that perhaps and maybe we should say the yellow? Should we go with the yellow in terms of I think that's a really superior they're both Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As a banana. I think that many of us are abstract enough to look at the yellow one and say we'll call it the banana. And of the two I really like I m I like the banana, but I I do like the chunk. No, but I mean in terms we have to evaluate one of them. Unless do you guys wanna evaluate both? Okay. So we say true. Um technologically innovative. Yeah. So we'll say we'll say uh false. Easy to use. One, is that inappropriate? Okay. Oh, pardon me. Um trendy, s and I say specifically spongy fruity. Okay. Okay, so two? Um are there excess buttons? That is false. Um good, well designed buttons, intuitive buttons. True. Ugly. People don't respond well to ugly. Sellable, uh quirky, you know, something people like oh, yeah. Yeah, I do too. Oh yeah. And I was I was thinking of other things um in terms of uh could we say it's cost saving? With the Yeah, with the energy. It is going to be kinetic? Yeah, we'll c we'll say it's a cost saving enviro. Uh so yes. Well you're still in the Play-Doh stage. Anything else? Including price, do you have any idea about price or other features? Okay. So true one or should I go to two or three? Okay. Um other? Anything else you guys can thing of? And I'm gonna actually change a couple of these so then I'm gonna instead of ugly I'm gonna say it's attractive and then make that true, so that 'cause I have to do an average. And then um excess buttons. Exactly. Wow we're doing really well. Yeah, be you know, so it doesn't ruin the polarity. Mm-hmm. Or L_C_D_. Yeah. Well if you g uh let me know if if any of these um if you if you all can think of any other um thing to change here if you th if you think I should change the innovative or add other features. If not I'll average those. Okay. Mm. So Um okay, how about if I uh pass this back to you and I'll uh figure out the average here. Thank you for everyone's help with that. One, two, three, four, five, six. Yeah. Sure. Yes. Yeah. Yep. I think with the marketing element of uh fruit shaped I I mean I that really opened my eyes. I I only speak for myself though. Yes. I can give you a number, um it's uh the average evaluation score is one point eight eight, so it means w you know, I can I can spell it out. There were six true or ones, four um pardon me, two s almost true or close to true, so that was four points, and then uh one false, seven points, so seventeen divided by nine we're between one and two. I would say that's ex excellent in terms of uh ho how much we adhere to the ideals of the uh market place. To maintain old technology, exactly. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Okay. Nice. So we might have to wait. Yeah. Um I one thing I want to do is oh, I think the meeting's done. Yeah. Um one thing I wa I wanna do is save everything in the right files, because I don't think everything is saved. The right files. Final meeting market