Oops. Uh I think so, we we we talked about the the individual roles that we each had as well. Okay. Oy, big loop under the table. Could can I ask where these figures come from, is this market research we've Mm-hmm. Um How d I'm wondering how how ou how our target price compares with the the typical price of these things. I expect an Industrial Designer should know that, but if we're aiming to to build this thing for twelve Euros fifty, um is that a lot or a little? Sh surely he's in the wrong age group. He must be w one of a s small population. And if you want it to go into slide show mode, it's that little button there. I you can if you like, it it that that just sets it up to do a p a p no that one, that one there. Left, left a bit, left a bit, that one, yep. And then you just press the click when you wanna go on. Cheers. Mm, I haven't actually got a display on my screen. Still, I'll do without that. Okay um, now I wanna bring us down to earth again I'm afraid and talk about the actual practicalities of how the thing needs to work. Um oh and this is the methodology I used in preparing for this meeting. Um basically I've been doing a little bit of web-based research, and if I had a design team, I would've been discussing my ideas with 'em. But the the net result is that I've come up with a first cut for the working design that I'd like to discuss with you. So, let's go back to what the basic function of a remote control is. It's for sending a message, um typically um via infrared. And the the basic components we've got to build in for our twelve Euros fifty are um an energy source, the user interface and which will um in incorporate um an integrated circuit that actually composes the message um based on what the which buttons the user presses, we turn that into a message, um and then we need a sending mechanism to send it to the receiver. Now I would have hoped I think that's my only slide actually, yeah. I would have have hoped to um do you a pretty PowerPoint slide of um my first cut design, but unfortunately the technology defeated me, so if you'll bear with me I'll do it on the whiteboard. So we want an energy source which is there. And we've got to think about what that might be. Uh we obviously don't want wires on this thing. Uh typically it would be a battery, but I'm open to suggestions. Um and then we have the the user interface. Oops. And the main components in there are the the th the chip that actually has the intelligence of the machine that translates button presses into a message, which it then transfers to some sending mechanism, which encodes it and sends the message to the receiver. So those are the basic things that we've got to get in for our twelve Euros fifty. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Well I may be wrong here, but I'd been thinking of this device as being a a cheap mass-produced device. We're trying to sell four million of 'em, um that's that's, you know, that's almost one in every tenth household or whatever it is. Um and I hadn't thought of it as being a reparable thing, you just if it goes wrong you chuck it out, and that's why I'm a bit concerned. I like the idea of speech recognition, that's a great idea, but I'm not convinced we can put it into this box for the price that we need gonna need to hit. Um, I'm I'm I'm hoping that my personal coach is gonna give me some advice on that, if you're asking me, but Yeah. Well I uh think that's a very interesting idea, but um I'm not a very good industrial designer and I don't know much about what these things cost. I'll do some research for the next meeting. Well solar may not be so good when you're watching T_V_ in the night, but Yeah, I guess. We may be talking quite heavy then. Mm-hmm. So do you think we might make that a selling point if it was something that we found we could afford to develop? Mm. Yeah, I was wondering that, because I ag I agree that there there're people with uh how can I put it, more money than sense and who are liable to buy something new, but Bu but what I was gonna say was, although they they may be buying um, you know, personal music devices and all that, are they necessarily buying T_V_ remote controls? Because they probably live in a household that has a T_V_ if they're at the lower end of the age range, I don't know. Mm. I think we've got a big hill to climb here, haven't we? I mean we've gotta persuade people who've got a remote control 'cause it came with the telly that they should buy our product instead. Right, good point. Yeah, yeah okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, good point. Mm-hmm. Do you want the gizmo? H how does that work? How so so how does that work, how do you avoid switching the thing off when you actually wanna press enter? Okay, yep, mm-hmm. It's not getting a bit complicated? Could granny do this, or are we just not aiming at granny? Mm. Uh. How do you do that? How do you make it do both? Ah okay, it toggles through, yeah. Yeah. Sounds good. Okay. So we're still in meeting, aren't we? Okay.