Mm. Okay. Yeah, it's in the it's in the folder yeah. Mm. Okay, this is a brief run through of the um of the technical functions of the remote. As um is uh the the the presentation is uh already slightly obsolete because I had in mind something that would uh be i be aimed at controlling multiple devices but uh there's still stuff of relevance, so press on. I've looked at looked at a num uh couple of other uh remote control models just for an idea of basic design principles. Um and wasn't really satisfied by what I saw I have to say so this is more sort of springboard for uh how these could be improved on. Um um basically the job of the device is to send commands to an appliance, in this case the television set. Um to save you getting off your backside. Um and there's two main trends in th in the sort of design practice. On the one hand and this uh this particularly relates to its sort of earliest models where with you know i so so many buttons on it so about the size of the television set. Um giving you every possible function that the that the device has, the remote control controls. And most of these functions are not going to be used, it creates a rather user unfriendly interface. And on the other hand there's a user focused approach that pares things down to just what what is most likely to get used. Um With uh a and a and of course there is a certain amount of sort of loss of function here obviously, but mostly that's relatively peripheral functions. And so you go for something that's fairly intuitive to use, and um well f the for the most part for T_V_ remote it's uh tha that would be channel control and volume. Um and if you if you if you are wanting to incorporate uh control of a D_V_ D_V_D_ or uh V_C_R_ presumably into that then there's a play, pause, stop, rewind, fast-forward, record, so forth. Um. My own view is that we should definitely be going for a user focused design. Um but uh the pro I think the problem with a lot of the sort of user focused designs that are about is that they sort of make assumptions in advance about what uh what a given user's going to uh want mo want to do from want it to do most. So, something that's uh something that is more programmable, that uh perh perhaps has the full range of functions available to it but you can then specify yourself what you're most likely to want. Um so that those are then immediately accessible through fairly minimal number of controls, um I liked Ebenezer's idea of including a joystick in that and uh possibly a sort of fairly minimal number of sort of function buttons, and have a disp you then have some sort of basic display on it so that if you're um sort of cha changing from different modes for the device it'll tell you just exactly what uh you know each direction of the uh of the um joystick's going to do or wha or what each function button's going to do. Um, this is actually a again slightly taking inspiration off of uh games controllers, you know the Playstation control where you have four basic function buttons that are just marked with um distinctive uh geometrical shapes but the and then dependent on what you're doing with it what game and so on um those uh those functions are then sort of further specified. And so it's taking taking the lead from that. Um. That's it. Mm. Mm. Mm. I I was thinking that the remote the um sort of default functions for the joystick would be up and down for uh volume, left and right for channels. Um I think probably for the first couple of hours of using it um but you know muscle memory's a wonderful thing, um. And I think and I think that size of uh display was about what I had in mind. Um though I mean I w I would say that uh we could probably probably be required to um mo most of the mobile phone displays you see these days are colour but we should probably try to stick to black and white. Si si simply to keep m keep the unit cost down. Um I mean colour could be a sort of subsequent development but uh you know cost a bit of extra money f w w w w w once everyone's got the first, you know, oh colour's out, we'll have to replace it won't we. It does nothing extra. Mm. Mm. Mm. I th the thing I like about the uh the uh joystick is that uh you you you then basically you can then basically put it I mean for for T_ T_ for T_V_ remote alone, you could put um I mean there are like I say the the the main things people do with a T_V_ remote control is the volume and the channel. You can pack all that onto was onto a single control. Um. But uh but the but then o uh obviously if uh you know if you i if you wanted to access further functions i you you then get to sort of menu navigation. I mean with things like ch with things like tuning and channels um you know adjusting brightn uh brightness and fiddly things that no one really bothers with, most T_V_s these days actually have menus anyway so this would be a fairly rational way of integra integrating the uh the remote with the device it's controlling. Um concern about our market. Um, if we are I mean most of the uh of the replacement remote market is sort of remote control rationalisation. Um, you've got twenty different devices in your living room, you want one wo y you want one that'll do the job of all of them. Um, if all you're replacing is one of the you know however many remotes you have in your living room, um you know you still need separate remotes for everything else. I just think that uh possibly mm. Mm. Mm. Does that um would that include um access to say interactive functions on digital or cable? Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Just a thought. Um maybe then our market should be T_V_ manufacturers, rather than the public. Try and sell it t sell it to them to supply with um Mm, yeah, I've seen them. Mm. Yeah, I think that's a good idea. Mm. Mm yeah. Yeah, I think that's Yeah. For volume. Actually how Actually I would say maybe two two function buttons, the y we're now using the menus button and um and an og and an okay button. I mean certainly something I've found with the joystick on mo the joysticks on mobile phones is that a lot of the time th the device mistakes you trying to move it in one direction or the other for pushing down for okay. Or vice versa. And that's really irritating. The o the o the other dis design constraint I think we should bear in mind is that people are you know very much used to using a remote control one handedly, um, so we need to make sure that e even with the joystick, you know something that can just sit comfortably in the palm of the hand and have the joystick just controlled by the thumb. Oh. So so a small speaker you mean. Mm-hmm. Blue ones particularly. Plus that's a nice wee design touch. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Actually one one wee thought about that. Um, if we do end up trying to market this to television manufacturers then the um then the transmitter could actually be built into the television. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You know I think I mean if it w if we get a major television manufacturer to say y oh yeah we'll have that, save us the bother, then that's you know vast amounts of sales. Quite quickly. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I thought the uh the d the double arc could perhaps uh be the uh the enter button..