Mm. Tha Okay. Who is gonna do a PowerPoint presentation? You will as well? Okay. Yep. Okay I'm Okay. I'm Catherine with a C_. C_A_T_H_ E_R_ I_N_E_. Right. True. How long is the meeting? Okay. No problem. Okay. Okay. Um just connecting this. Are we getting i Really? Okay. Cool. Okay. So I've got a very quick uh Uh. Okay. So the working design, I've got a very quick presentation on this, so um I've oh no, you can't see a thing. Oh well, I'm gonna draw it on the board then. It's in blue uh, and I couldn't change it. We it's fine on my screen, but never mind. So um the idea is that we've got the energy source um, which in our case will pr, oh well okay, never mind. So um I think maybe uh two batteries, I dunno what they're called six, or something like that. Uh and then um then on the uh remote control itself will have um the sender for the signal, which could be uh an infra-red signal, um which will be sent by an electronic chip. And uh the chip will be controlled by the user interface. So we'll hear about that later from Gabriel. And uh the sender will send to the telly itself an infra-red signal to tell it to switch on or switch channels. Um and that's it really for the working design. Sorry the presentation wasn't very uh clear but Really? Cool. Um, should I erase this or Okay. Fine. Or suggestions? Well, it's just, you don't want it plugged in really, s In indoors. I dunno, swi I th I th I think changing your batteries once every six months is not really a pain, but Yeah. Well, the thing is uh you you don't Well, we can make the the signal strong enough to go through walls if if you fancy it. I didn't think about that but Why not? I just think that it's it's gonna cost more and I'm I'm not sure it's you're gonna use it. It's a fancy idea uh it's quite nice, but then I don't th I dunno, either you if you wanna watch the telly you're in the room, you are gonna But Oh, we can we can keep the idea if you i We can see at a later stage, maybe, I don't Do you need the border? Okay. Sorry. Well maybe they shouldn't watch so much T_V_ then. Maybe it could be, instead of pressing button it could be just touching a Yep.. Well, in the project announcement, you've got the addresses, I think. So Project Manager, it's participant one at A_M_I_. You have them i you have them, but we'll send you an e-mail. You want to have friends, don't you? It wouldn't be Well you could It could come But it could come in different colours and have the R_R_ colours just somewhere like just around the lock button could be the R_R_ logo or colours and If. Cool.