Yep. Oh it was sort of banana shaped. Those like, yeah, sort of spongy ones. What's it called? Cust you personalised, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Why can't I see the crazy. Um yeah I talking about the interface concept and how the customer relates to, will use the, consumer will use the actual device. Um so I've looked at some of the stuff I was sent, um, try and get some inspiration. But keep in mind that our own ideas that we had. Um I was sent some information from the company saying that they, the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology, where you can program questions into such devices. They gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question, you program the answer, and the machine responds accordingly. Um okay. There's different ways of a user can use products l like a remote. Um there's a graphical use, where you you look at pictures and well on a screen. A command line where you obviously type things in, and you get a response. Um and then it ju that's just to point out the sort of inconsistent u sort of use of interface in remotes. You can't really see that picture well, but there's various different remotes, once again with lots of different buttons on, making it more complicated. So, then I had a look at new products that are on the market. Not necessarily remote controls but ones that you'll recognise. Um this is the voice, there is a voice recognition remote control, which can control mus multiple devices. I have a there is a picture. You surf your favourite channels uh with your voice. Store up to eighty speech samples, controls four devices, T_V_, cable, satellite, V_C_R_, D_V_D_ and audio. And you can record your own v verbal labels, that are connected to remote control functions. So the technology is there. Um the one on the left is very similar to what we drew up on the board in the previous meeting, where there has scroll down functions on the side. You can sort of just make those out. And then on the right is obviously an iPod, which is you know possibly one of the simplest things to use out there, and really is, and all that is is just a a nice big scroll menu that y you sort of go through. That is a possibility. And nothing's simpler really. Um then there's things like this, which is a a a kid's remote, where the the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before. So the remote control it o only allows them to access the channels that their parents want them to watch. And um it means that th children have a novelty of having their own remote control. So I don't know if there's a possibility of having one remote contr you know like we just had two components, maybe it can have more components you know, different remotes. Um the point made at the end there here is that you have to be sort of be need to be clear on your um devices, as to what, you know, things you use. Sometimes an arrow pointing down, which may suggest volume down, could become confused just as a V_ for volume. Just little things like that, which would need to be made clear in the design. Um I think, d carrying on from what I've already said, a user friendly remote with minimum buttons. Maybe we've so suggested this two-part thing, where if it was to have a speech recognition thing, you could maybe control that on the do it or program all that on the control bit. And then just have the simple sort of hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier, as the actual remote. Um I don't it could be a graphical display, the actual remote contr the actual control port maybe could have like an iPod where you just sort of control through the menus. Stuff like gets more and more compli complicated. And then the the hand-held bit should be ergonomically designed. And that is it. Why am I Oh yeah. Just. Where are we? Uh. Just to sort of show you. M they've even got things like that. Huge things. Which is just for your gr ninety year old grandma yeah? Yeah. Yeah. And that yeah. Yeah. See. things.. Why's my screen crazy? Mm. Would you have to leave it by the window? yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would the sort of spongy and the the plasticky thing y you can get those mobile phones that initially have a it is plastic but then they have sort of a a s a cover on it which is just sort of soft and stuff. So I don't know if that would still be possible to have you know in plastic. But then where do people hold it? Just all be sort of spongy. So you as the the possibility of having a a graphical display on it, like a screen? Like the iPod? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Could we not you know have a shape with a scroll and the screen, and then j just sort of that initial shape we had, just which is uh sort of banana-esque. So that's thing if we did it yellow. And um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit. They wouldn't have any they're just on the exterior. They wouldn't be necessary to the actual shape of the thing. Yeah. Mm. You could just sell it in different colours as well I suppose. In different ye yellows. I don't suppose we have to stick to co Stick to the colours yeah. Mm grapefruit. Yeah.. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. and if it if it was done yellow, which is a company colour. Yeah. On the the gr the rubbery grips could be grey. Yeah. It could and then you could actually h put the banana-shaped thing on the fruit bowl, on the coffee table, and then people would always know where it was. Yeah. Yeah. Well we sort of rid of that because gonna use a battery. And the base station might not be necessary. Yeah. Yeah. Just just maybe yeah. Just a little bit of. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think so. I think