'Kay so we'll try to zip through this, since we're short on time. Welcome everybody. Um hope your sessions went well. Um so this is our functional design meeting, we're going to consider um user needs, technical effects, and the working design of our remote control. Um I've been taking meetings on the minute minutes on the meetings, and I'll be putting them in the shared documents folder so if there's anything you need to refer to you can find them in there. Um I I'll get the ones up for next time, um they're not finished yet. Right. Um so can we have updates from everyone from what you've worked on just kind of a quick summary of anything interesting that you'd like to share or discuss in this sure. Hm? No, any any order's fine. Yeah. Oh yeah, sorry. It sh it takes a few seconds I think. Uh-huh, and then press function. and F_ eight. Here we are. Oh. Is it on? Okay. Hm. 'Kay. Yeah. Just move right on. Uh function F_ eight. It's the little blue w it's the one th yeah. Yeah should be It should be yeah. 'Kay. Okay. Well thank you everybody. Um we have we'll discuss that and then I just wanna mention some new project requirements that came in. Um, teletext is apparently outdated, so due to internet popularity, so that's off the list. Um, also our remote should be used only for television, um, no extra internet kinda fancy things, just the remote and the television. Um and also we need to incorporate our corporate image onto this, so um the phrase is, we put fashion in electronics, so let's be fashionable I guess. Um if we have something I mean silver and and gold or yellow are our colours, so if we had a like a kind of silver one like you saw, and yellow writing, something like that. Okay. Um. So we need to make some decisions on the remote control functions. Um, yeah. Do Let's I guess we should yeah make some kind of brainstorming, see what we can wha what um well probably our target group and how it's gonna going to appeal to our target group and I dunno the the s the buttons and what it does and that sort of thing. So. I think that seems to yeah. Mm. Yeah, teenagers and young professionals. Oh, uh. Yeah. Mm. And if if you consider our budget, it probably if you consider our budget, to h have speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be a little pricey. Yeah. Right so um yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you you'd need like a separate base for that or like something you can right. Yeah, yeah. So do you think even though we're not talking about speek speech recognition our target group should still be teenagers and young professionals. Huh. Okay. Yeah. We probably leave that. I mean I guess one takes care of the other, like um if you can yeah if you can call it then it's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And like if the if the phone's under the couch, you might not see the light, so yeah. So I mean the two remotes that you had shown r I don't remember who showed them, yeah you you did um, they're I mean one looked like it was for V_C_R_ type thing, and the other looked like just television. Oh really. 'Cause that that is something we have to decide, is whether we want to have V_C_R_ capabilities. They're not no. Yeah, that's right, yeah. But D_V_D_ probably is. And and if we're if we're targeting young professionals and teenagers, I mean it's gonna be D_V_D_ type, that's the the technology these days. Yeah. Yeah. S Huh. You know, I've seen some remotes that where you just hold one, like if you hold one down it's it's a different colour than the other buttons but that turns it on. So you don't actually have a separate power button, it's just But It might be confusing. Yeah. Yeah. Besides you like to be able to go power. I have the power I guess. So we definitely want a power button and numbers. Right. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Oh that's gonna Is that like on on a mouse pad where like kind of okay. I've never used one. No. Okay. Okay. Well i We could we could even have four buttons, like, if that's the if that's the mouse, you could have the volume and the channel changers just like on that as well. Huh. So it's like holding You can o And you you is there an extra actual button? Or are you actually you're just using the mouse to go up and down. Like Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Well I mean if if you're gonna this for channels, right, then y wouldn't the volume need to be separate somehow? Like you could just have Oh, like Oh you could actually Yeah. Is that what makes them expensi I think it's all of they have so much memory though, that's it's Yeah. I think it's the uh h it's their capabili I mean they it can hold what like five thousand songs or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. S Mm. Um You know actually our our new project requirements, I'm not sure if they meant o onl use only for television as in not for D_V_D_ or just not internet type things. So I'll I'll check that and update you on the next But we'll hold off on that 'cause But s yeah uh. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah. But i Yeah. Um, yeah, let's think about it 'cause we need to wrap up. Um let's see. Um so everyone's gonna go finish their questionnaire, uh then when we come back after lunch we'll have thirty minutes of individual work, um yeah, so think about the things we've discussed and bring some new ideas to our next meeting. See you soon.