How're we placed in terms of the alright. It fell That's why. Ah. Sure. Mm. I'm Ron. I uh once upon a time studied in Victoria and I am the User Interface Designer. Go for it. Alright. Think I'm just gonna put down one uh one C_D_. Anybody? No? no? Afro beat orchestra, very cool. Yeah. Fift S they like fifteen members from Brooklyn. Um and I'm hoping to go to the concert in Belgium, in Brussels in April first. Yeah. It's supposed to be in Brussels anyways. Um thing I love about Edinburgh Love um I just came from Glasgow and I'm um happy to say that there's the there's the same quantity approximately. Um. I w Does uh yeah. Ready? Minging? Nice. Uh-huh. Nice. Nice. I assume that we're building a stand alone uh remote control, we can't kind of build it into other uh products. For instance like a mobile phone or something like that. Or or you know can we produ can we sell a remote control phone for twenty five pounds or less? Yep. Okay. Mm-hmm. Nice. Hot. Now are we also discussing kind of our initial ideas at all here? S does anybody have any initial ideas? But I'm thinking I'm thinking kind of P_D_A_ uh design so touch screen design rather than button so that you can kind of flip around all sorts of different things. Too confusing. Mm-hmm. Possibly. I'm pretty sure there is. I mean I I have a friend who has a P_D_A_ that he just points at his telev any television he wants and it'll figure out the the specifications of it and will control it um so I th I assume that that can be done with uh kind of around the world. Oh. I like the idea of the uh multi plate. In in I like. We should c we should come up with a fuzzy one as well. For those cold winter days. Well if we bundle it as a phone then you can always call it. If you're not doing that then we can have something that just kind of rings from either well there used to be those whistling devices but that's a little bit annoying. Th Yeah. That's cool. I think we could design into that. Curves. We're talking twenty five Pounds or twenty five Euros? Slight difference I guess. No. Thank you.