Hmm. Yes. Well. Oh my god, it's better than what I'm gonna be able to do. Take my contraptions with me. Alright, I'm Jessy. I'm from around D_C_ ish sort of in the U_S_. And we're gonna keep the deep sea sort of theme going on, animal. Don't really know how to draw this. Just where can I Mm. Mm. Maybe if I do the water, but how? Sort of give an idea. I have no idea how one would explain this. Mm maybe with some whiskers. Briefly, it's supposed to be a seal. You can imagine it in the water. I like them, because they are like playful and silly sort of have a good time. Not gonna try and pretend like I can get any better than that. It's definitely significantly harder once you are doing it. That's impressive. Um I hate when there's like four different buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the T_V_ like you have to do one for the power of the T_V_ and then like another one to get the actual screen on and something else to get it all going, I don't know. Now they keep combining all different remotes together, and I don't know if I necessarily like that 'cause I feel like you end up with multimedia overload. I just wanna watch the T_V_ um. Always gets lost. Some sort of like device to help you find it. Yeah. What about like batteries and things like that, like are there some remotes that don don't require like batteries or do all remotes require batteries? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And maybe that spatially divides it, so it's like if you're looki if you're trying to get the T_V_ on that's, you know, like the top thing on the remote, I dunno if d be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're gonna make it, but if it's like all the T_V_ stuff was here, then all the V_C_R_ stuff was here, all the whatever else we have programmed into it it's all just in its separate place and not like all the on buttons together, 'cause then you like, I don't even know what I'm turning on. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm hmm. I think it's just T_V_, I mean, if it if we're taking it just new product a new television remote control that's not like doesn't say. You know, things might be more advanced than that. It's an idea with the buttons being really. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I'm four.