I've, I've definitely eaten it before. I didn't know was edible.. Actually that makes sense, because I remember like, peopl I dunno if my Mom ever did it but I remember other people's Moms making like home-made Play-Doh where you just like make the colouring and make some sort of sort of dough. Mm-hmm. Yeah. We've got some. Yeah, it's pretty exciting. So, everything uh that we wanted we wanted it to be ergonomic and to be made out of rubber, very simple and easy to use, yeah, double curved, um but also something that was gonna jump out at people, something that would be different uh, separate it from the other remotes out on the market. So uh I think if you put this in the palm of your hand, you'll see what a nice thing we have going here. So, basically, if you hold it like that, the one on your thumb, yeah, the thumb button is the power button. Your index finger is channel up, middle finger is channel down, ring finger is volume up, your pinkie is volume down. That's the lock button, has a L_ L_ on it and then the M_ is a mute button. And then it also has digit For muting the uh Um and then then you can also there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the to the channel if you want. So it's really basic functionalities as far as what keys are available, but we think it's very comfortable and very innovative and it looks different. So all the, I mean the important keys are right at your f f you know right at uh at a convenient place for you to to access them. So you don't you Yeah. It should be. And it's also conformable to the size of your hand. I mean if that's too big, it's a rubber remote, so you can, you know change that. So d does that uh what mesh with what you guys were hoping and for and expecting or does it Ah, that's good thinking, yeah. Yeah, if we build rocket ships why can't we build left-handed and right-handed uh remotes. Yeah, I didn't I didn't think about that, but I'd yeah,. Uh-huh. Yeah. Do you think it says R_R_? Fashion to electronics. Yeah. Yeah. And it's got the b the black and yellow and blue. Plus red, which is sort of a a fruit and vegetable uh uh. So that's that's our end of things wha uh That's Yeah. The costs, was that what you said? But it's edible. That was the main criteria from the last meeting, it had to be chew proof. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, these these ones on the side are curved kind of, so The buttons are rubber. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. And we're actua actually making a better profit than we expected. Yeah, have some have some. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Oh, sorry, one. Yeah. That was our main technological innovation w every everything else was fairly simple, but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new. It's ergonomic, but that's not that's that's a design that's a des that's a design thing, yeah. It's about in the mid in the middle somewhere, maybe, yeah, I dunno. Maybe three, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. If we're gonna have one left-handed and one right-handed then I would give it a one, but otherwise otherwise a two. Yeah. That was great. Yeah. It is very bright, yeah. It's not the kinda thing that's gonna slip like between a couch cushion or something, you know. Maybe it will. Uh. You think it could lost Mm. Okay. Yeah, anything, I mean. Okay. It's bigger than the average mobile, I guess. But, yeah, it can get lost. Yeah. Okay, yeah, two is fine. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, during our design I mean there was some s some heated heated discussion, but we we kept we tried to keep it cool and and just just We just had to we just had to squeeze our product a little bit and Now you guys have been a a great team. Think we're the we're the envy of all the of all the other R_R_ teams,. Yeah I think they're actually trying to find ideas for a ideal remote. So at this stage, I mean, is this the last meeting of the project? We don't uh have another one after it's gone gone to marke market or something? So there's no way to like predict what our 'Cause we had a we originally had a As far as our financial uh um goals, we had a specific number for profits that we wanted. It was fifty mil fifty million I don't remember. But there's not a way to compute that, I mean, since we saved on the on the production cost, do we know how much we're making on profit? Uh. Hmm. But we have a vested interest prof profit sharing. I think actually and one advantage of of this is that after the uh, you know, after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be c a cool remote, you know. We're not we're not you know, tying tying our cart to that one horse. Mm. Mm. Mm. It make watching T_V_ healthy. Uh. Right, you too. Mm. That's it. I guess it's probably better that we wrap it up than have five minutes of silence. Should we call the day then? Uh, right. Mm-hmm. Your moment to shine. Right, I think they do want to do hand writing recognition on that, it's just the first step. I guess we should end this, since we're off off topic. So. Shall we Right.