. I am Reissa. R_E_I_S_S_A_. Double S_ A_, yeah yeah. Sorry. Mm 'kay. Mm. I'm fine. Yeah. I uh yeah, yeah. D I mean, I I'm finishing off my presentation. No no. Uh I'm done. Okay. Mm. Is a battery like the only way of No, no No I meant like No 'cause like cha 'cause always changing um um batteries can get like annoying. The battery's down and maybe, I dunno, solar charged? Mm. Yeah. Yeah, but if like you're on the phone in the other room and you need turn television off or something and you don't really want to go into the put the telephone down, and go into the other room. How about Bluetooth? Instead of using infra-red, use Bluetooth. Isn't that a better signal? Mm. Mm. 'S just an idea. Adjusting. Yeah. Mm.. Mm. Mm. Mm. Okay.. Where does it go into? Here? The blue thing.. Well, function F_ eight. No oh. Come on. Right. Okay.. Okay. Well, for our marketing report uh we observed remote control users in a usability lab, and also gave so this is research and we also gave participants um questionnaires to fill out. Um total number of people tested were a hundred just so you know, so that hundred people were tested and these were the findings. So seventy five per cent of users find the remote control ugly. Okay, so they don't like the look of the remote control. Um eighty f eighty per cent of them would spend more money if the rem remote control looked really cool and fancy. So I think we all agree with that. Um current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user. So, they don't like like the way they operate it doesn't like match how people behave. Um per cent of the users say that they only use ten per cent of the buttons on a remote, so probably if you have like one, two, three, four, five, the whole up to z ten, they probably don't use those, they only use the up and down channel. exactly. That's another thing. Um seventy five per cent of users say they zap. Not quite sure what they mean, zap, goes like. Yeah. Mm. Um takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote. I think especially for uh the older generation. I know my grandmother doesn't like mobile phones, takes ages to work how to use. Anyway um and they also remotes often get lost in the room, so nobody can find them. So maybe tracking devices is a good idea. Um personal preferences. Um so yeah um I was thinking something easy to use, especially for older people. Um has to look really cool, flashy groovy for people to buy it. And it's easy to find, so I don't know whether maybe and also we asked them whether they wanted whether they'd be interested in um voice activating. So voice activation. So and this was what we came up with. Then if you look fifteen to twenty five this is age, sorry, age groups. So fifteen to twenty five said like ninety two ninety one per cent of them said yes. Um so basically the majority except for the forty five to fifty five year olds for some reason didn't want a voice activated one. And neither did the older generation, but the younger generation who we are catering for, like who have most of the money nowadays, do want a voice act speech recognition in a remote. Well the twenty five to thirty five year old, and thirty five, and the thirty five to forty five, forty five point seven per cent say no, so So they don't Well These guys are growing up. Voice activation might not be the best. Um also with um with buttons, a thing called R_S_I_, so wrist sense Huh? Yeah, repetitive strains injury, so they don't I think people who watch T_V_ maybe too often, keep changing channel hurts their wrist. I don't think so. Yeah maybe not so hard. Yeah. Maybe Mm. Yeah. Mm. Maybe th the buttons not so high up so you don't have to press so much, or we just like flat buttons, something. Yeah. So that is me. Mm. Mm. Mm. Well, just questionnaires. Yeah, you can. I think he's participant one, aren't you? Can't we have different colours in the remotes, so somebody can choose different col like does it have to be of a certain? But if it's a R_R_, it would be Real Reaction, like if it had a symbol on it. Whoa. So we have to have it one colour. Mm. Mm. Mm. Are we are we finished ahead of schedule? 'Kay uh.