Am I starting now? Anytime? Oh sorry. 'Kay, um. Alright, welcome back fro to the second meeting. And um I hope you had a productive last thirty minutes. Um, and um, I'll be taking minutes on this one, and um Being hooked up to the PowerPoint for this meeting isn't very necessary for uh myself, because it'll be more about uh, what you guys are bringing to the meeting today. Um, so, the first presentation we'll be looking at is Poppy's presentation. And, um So, sorry? So, um, take it away Poppy. It's, it's plugged in. So, um No problem. I'm sure it's fine. Right, um, one question. This, um, self-destructible uh metal, it allows for recycling materials? So that, um, someone could have this product for as long as they felt that they wanted it, and then once they contribute it, then that company can break down the part, the parts better? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Would we be the company that would break down these, or uh metals? Or would we contribute to another group? Alright. Okay. This sounds like a really great idea. One thing we have to consider is our uh one hundred percent um turnover goal that we have for our financial sector. Um, so we'll have to investigate how much that will cost us, cost the company, um 'cause it sounds very labour-intensive. You would have to hire a number of people, and it might be more expensive. Mm-hmm. Alright. We'll still have to investigate the financial implications. Alright. I like the environmental approach. Um, we'll have to see if that can meet our financial goals as well. I'm sorry, could you Those were um Okay. So those are what, um, we'll c construct the remote. Those are all the Alright. Great. Alright. Thank you very much. And, um, the next presenter will be Tara. Yeah. Function F_ eight. Sorry. Yeah. Right. Does everyone agree with this? Does anyone object and, and find the multifunctional might be a better way to go? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Sounds great. Alright, well, um, are you ready for your presentation Genevieve? Fabulous. Except you're not hooked up to the Great. No problem, we can I'm sorry, what was that last thing that you just said? Mm-hmm. I'm sorry, that eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. You mean that they would spend more money on a fancy-looking remote control? Okay. Alright, so it might be very appealing if, um, we have very concise buttons. And another thing with um lots of surfing, we'd probably have to work on something that could be um a lot more durable, because I find with um channel-changers that, um, a lot of the numbers get rubbed down if they're printed on the button. Yeah. It's um No it's a button that you press, and then you, uh, like a menu pops up. I haven't used it before but Mm. That's rather sad. Yep. I agree with um if we're targeting young adults then it would be something we should look into. Um, financially and and functionally. Um, and especially if we are um trying to be trendy, go with fashions, things like that. Um, ages like from thirty five to sixty five which show lower numbers probably won't be as concerned. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And something that might further complicate it is that the T_V_ makes noise itself. Wonder if it would have Yeah. Yeah. If we're looking for a simplistic design, if We need to decide if that is our um intention is, is a simplistic design. Um, because if, if it is then I think voice, um voice-activated Yeah, and that would sort of negate the whole remote control thing, because if people can activate the television with their voice then they won't be using a, they won't be talking into a remote, I'm sure. Um, I don't know what an L_C_D_ screen is. I have no idea still. I'm sorry. Oh, on the remote. Okay. Yeah. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And if one of the largest, uh, or most complained about thing is that it takes so long to get to know how to use a remote control, I'm sure that something like an L_C_D_ screen or remote control would be just furthering that problem. Yeah. Alright. Okay. Before we go into uh more discussion on we want this design to look like, I've received some information from the management that will affect some of our decisions. Um, for one thing, because Having controls with D_V_D_, V_C_R_, that sort of thing, would really complicate the design of the remote control. Um, we've decided not to include them and make it a specific, just a specific television um function. Which is good as, as we've sort of decided that we would like to go with that anyway. Um, for many reasons. So um we have that decision sort of made for us. Another thing that might um affect other decisions is that um the management feels that teletext is outdated, because more people are using the internet now. And so uh we won't concern ourselves with um navigating the teletext option. Yep. Okay, sure. Yeah I do. I'm looking at looking at it right now. thank you. Um, well, I mean we don't have the resources or or possibility of using the internet with the remote control, but um they were just pretty much saying that the teletext would not be used. Alright, and another thing. This is for the design, the design of the product is that um we wanna create, um more of a sense that people know that this is from our company. So, um, all the remote controls must have our um We'll incorporate our logo and colour in in some way. So, um, perhaps um our logo on the bottom, or wherever you feel like it would look good. Um, it doesn't have to be the colour of our um of our company but, another thing is that, um we need to, we probably would have to have that colour and, and logo decided upon. Um, I'm assuming that we already have one, but for the purposes of this meeting I, I wasn't offered a, like a type of logo or colour, so if that could be um somewhere on the design so that we can be recognisable. The little R_ R_ yellow thing? Okay. Real Reaction? Okay. Um, yes, those are the changes. Um, so, now we need to discuss, um and come to a decision on our remote control functions, of, of how this is going to be. I'm just going to look at my notes for a second. Um, we have to decide on a target group and the functions of the remote control. So, um, we already know that it'll just be for the television. It'll It won't have teletext. But um, you know, we could discuss um those other options that you brought up, Genevieve. Is that how most people feel about that? Okay. Yeah, but another thing is that if we're reaching an international crowd, um, I know for one that in North America there is no such thing as teletext, so it'd be really superfluous. Yeah. I don't know about other countries besides the U_K_. Do you know if anywhere else has it? Alright. It was a management decision, so it's, it's pretty much out of our hands at this point. 'Kay. So, I guess we're looking at something rather simple. Yeah. I think we should definitely go ahead with the alarm system idea that you had. 'Cause I'm sure that could be inex inexpensive because we could use the same kind of infrared the same signal through that and it could just like make a little beeping noise. It's not that expensive to do. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I like that idea. Yeah. The button Oh. Minor detail there. Yeah, it would have t Mm-hmm. Yeah. Then it wouldn't, it probably wouldn't be able to use It would be able to use the same reception on the remote c control I guess, but the actual device would have to have its own infrared signaller. Okay. Maybe, um Probably, I mean. That's your department you'll have to sort that out. Yeah, you'll have to Yeah, you'll have to investi Do some research on that, alright? Great. Um, alright, and I'm sure that, um um, the glow-in-the-dark, fluorescent, whatever, system, um is a go ahead. Is everyone interested in that? Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. But I mean Yeah. Yeah. Could we somehow We could, may, possibly, sorry, incorporate them both so that the buttons could maybe be in the shape of the numbers themselves and be made out of some glow-in-the-dark material. 'Cause I d I don't think that glow-in-the-dark material, um, like the actual soft plastic, um, costs that much more than other colours. Yeah. Alright we have five minutes left um, for the meeting, but I think we should discuss this light subject a little bit more before we close. Um, what was I missed the last moment, reading that. What were you talking about with the lighting up buttons? Yeah. Yeah. Mm. So it could be any button that would be pressed. Yeah. Okay, so That's probably feasible. So, do you think that we should do the lighting up thing, and the glow-in-the-dark thing, and the shape of the numbers? Do we have to kind of decide what we're gonna do with this. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And it could, if it's that softer rubber material it'll be, maybe, um, uh, better for people with um els no what's it called, R_S_I_, what was it that we were talking about? Yeah. Yeah instead of like hard buttons. Okay. Um, did we want to go for the glow-in-the-dark look? Or did we want to go for the lighting up instantly? Like should we do both? Or we can have one or the other? Because it might, for, for our design purposes, I mean, the lighting up thing might be better because glow-in-the-dark material has a funny kinda colour. And it might not go with different like face plates that we might come up with. Yeah. Right. Right. Alright. So we've decided on lighting up things. Yeah. Yeah. But with the same thing, I mean. If you touch the button and then it could be, it could be lit up as well. Is Are you okay with that? Okay. Cool. Um Alright. So I think that um that completes most of our um our more uh practical decisions. And now it's up to designing. And um making sure that this can be feasible. And do you have anything Do you have anything to say? Like an iPod or something? Okay. Like a cellphone? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Accessories. Yeah. I think that we should incorporate that. 'Cause that wouldn't be very expensive at all. You'd just get one mould, throw some plastic in it, you know. Yeah. Well, that might be com problematic with um copyright issues. So, if it takes off then we'll, we'll, we'll try that out. Right. We'll have to do more research. Like as of yet, that has nothing to do with, um, the way it'll look. Um, does it need to be reached a de Do we need to reach a decision on that right now? Because we need to investigate the financial implications. Okay. Is it Does it need to be uh decided on now? Or should we Okay. Good. Alright then. Anyone else have anything more to say before we close? Alright, well. Let's have lunch and we'll discuss this later. Alright?