All set? Cool. Alright, it is PowerPoint time. I've done more PowerPoints in this particular experiment than I've ever done in my life before this experiment which is kind of fun. So uh here we have our detailed design meeting where we will um look at the prototype and um right so um, I finally figured out what this whole second bullet point is about in my that my coach was sending to me. It means I'm supposed to read the minutes from the previous meeting. I think. I don't know. Otherwise it's just saying I'm the secretary and I'm therefore I'm taking the minutes, s so just to go um just real briefly to go over minutes from last meeting, uh, I will open them slowly, no? Wait for it, wait for it. No. That's how the Wait. This is, this is very high-powered stuff here, double-clicking, there we go. So um basically the moral of the story from our last minute uh last meeting was that um we that we had meetings from uh we had presentations done by the Industrial Designer, uh or from Nathan, and Ron and from Sarah about what we can do here um and what sort of limitations we're operating with um uh excuse me what limitations we're operating under, what kind of risk we'd be looking at with some of the various approaches we were discussing and we essentially came to the conclusion that we should develop a remote with uh voice recognition, I_E_ that had a vaguely non-remote like shape um because you didn't really need to use it as a remote since you could just use your voice. That would include some mostly just the simple design features for a television operation but with a slide or a fold-out bay for more advanced functions for users. Um, and uh the uh uh the U_I_D_ and the I_D_ were asked to go ahead and start developing a prototype for us to look at. So. That's sorted, back to the main meet here, um, go ahead and take it away guys. Mm-hmm. Nice. Perfect. Oh, right. Oh well done yeah, yeah oh ok Edible televisions, it's a wave of the future. Brilliant. Brilliant. Cool. No, no I think that's Right, yeah thanks guys that's very, very good work. I like it, brilliant. Um, what we need to discuss now is the finance of it, um I got me you've got you provided a number that actually sounds quite nice. Um the trouble is I was just given this by finance. Um, it's a spreadsheet of the parts and I've just tentatively put in what it's going to look like um. I'm just gonna clear this out real quickly, but it looks like So we'll just if we can just itemize what's in here, we've got this it's a solar cell thing right? With a back-up battery? With the ba okay. Um and Clever, clever, well done. Um so I guess that would mean we've got a bit of a um It's a s a speaker and a sensor at the same time isn't it? Okay. Um and the case, it's more of a single-curved case, I guess would be that be the general Um and we've got a rubber skin material basically throughout. Um. Push button interface um with this other drop-down so maybe we've got two push button interfaces don't we? Um. And um a special I guess it's uh we've got a sort of a wood materi a rubbery type material that throughout, yeah. Yeah, it's it's quite unique. I like it, yeah it's So it looks like a bit over budget, um. So what we could do perhaps, a simple fix would maybe to switch away from the solar cells um or take out the back-up battery. Uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. What's difficult, we have all these things integral to the um to the design of it that we just can't back out of now, it would have to be seems like we'd have to go back to square one in a way. Um if we were gonna try to undo one bit we'd probably have to undo most of it, um It's either or. 'Cause we can't remove the push buttons 'cause they're um and we can't get rid of the uh I mean removing the changing the case wouldn't be so much of a mm-mm, um, nor would changing the case materials. Um. So yeah that looks like to be the only thing. So that would be the it's a major change but Yeah. Alright, so we're in agreement on that. Right. Moving along swiftly. Um, so I guess now we just go to the project evaluation which I will allow Sarah to take over. Ah of course, sorry. Whoosh. That'd be great Brilliant. Hmm. Um yeah, I was just go on. Well they don't own tellys anyway do they? Right. So, um, this one's a bit unclear to me to be perfectly fair, um. I got this slide from the coach and I'm not sure what it's connected to. Um so I guess we are going to discuss um our project process um and that is gonna go into my report. So I guess this is the point where we go um uh out of role it looks like and talk about our satisfaction for room for creativity and so forth and how that all worked, I guess, um. I think so yeah. I think it's I mm-hmm, I think so. I think hope I'm not screwing up an experiment. But I trust that she would jump in if I was so okay fair enough. Um right, um so any thoughts? Yeah. What do you guys feel about the process? Mm-hmm. No, no whiteboard. Was pretty cool tack though. Attempts to contact coach ineffective. Very natural look. That's the brilliance of they had a p they had a peeler in here. Yeah, I think, yeah re I thought it was like really creative actually, I mean. Including the s the multi-coloured wave pattern. What did you guys think about the the the roles? That's true, I I got this spreadsheet. Of what to do. Mm, mm. Cool. She said I I I she actually made a comment off boy you're getting into this and I really I think it's true I did get I I felt like I got way too into it. I felt like I slipped into it a lot. I dunno. The first time I've ever done anything like yeah project project management. I usually organise crap, it's one thing to do, you know set up a party with your friends, you know? But you guys felt that you could keep the, yeah, suspension of disbelief kind of like like the role and the okay? Yeah, yeah. Maybe in in Legos you know? Be fun with Legos too, like make a remote control or spaceship, we used to have spaceship Legos did you guys ever used to build spaceships with Legos everybody knows best spaceships ever. Um you guys felt like there was enough teamwork in all? Hmm. No I, no I dunno, I d I I dunno, I don't I I was just I It's true huh? Yeah. Yeah. Course I'm I'm conscious of the idea of the Project Manager asking if you guys feel like there's a team you know it's like, kind of like, like hmm. It d But yeah. Interesting. It's kind of fascinating wasn't it? I mean the whole process of I don't know. I I don't know if there was a ri I th Mm. Nor I. I wanna see the output files from these um, from the digital paper. I wanna see wh wh what my my handwriting looks like digitized because my handwriting is crap. I mean, just to see what it looks like in P_D_F_ format or something. T I I'm curious about what the de-briefing is gonna be like. You know, like what is the uh what exactly we're looking for here. I dunno, I'm not sure what the new ideas found i is about. Well, that's the thing I got i in the email I got this PowerPoint file but this slide was just there, mm-hmm. I didn't change this one at all. Um ch Yeah well. W I kinda like th Yeah you can't Yeah. Does kinda make you wonder, I mean, how much can you do with a remote control? It's like inventing a new car. Yeah yeah, you can Yeah. Hmm. Um. 'Kay. So this was other costs. I dunno. I think this is forty ish I I I mm we should go on a bit yeah about the project eval, um. I dunno about you guys but I felt like a bit under-stimulated on the whole thing. Like, what like you know what am I really doing, you know what is Yep. Hey. Mm. I actually didn't do that at all though, every single one I a all the presentations I either added slides or edited 'em. I di Oh. What? Really? Did they not have they didn't like uh mine yeah they didn't come like this? Like with this was what it looks like. This is what that looked like, literally, just like that. Interesting. Uh-huh huh huh. Interesting. Any other thoughts come to mind? Yeah but Builds. Mm. Interesting. Uh, yeah, I'd say so. Mm, I know. It seemed like everything flowed pretty logically. You know from the the the basics to the conce although the whole concepts thing, the whole concepts phase, I don't think I really understood like the concept. Well the id okay the notion of yeah I mean i it's not like I have a concept of a mug's material, it's just it is what it is. You know, maybe i rather than concepts i it should be th thought of we sh I I thought of I thought of rather than in terms of concepts I thought of it in terms of um like proposed idea. And then the final would be like th the actual specified prototype or whatever, I dunno. But. All in all it's kinda interesting. No just this closing one. No we've established that the costs weren't really within budget, but we could s you know do it We did the project evaluation based on um Sarah's evaluation of on off switches and Mm. True. Yeah. 'Cause we di we had a thu think about it. Um. Yeah. And it's all recorded, woo-hoo. Yeah what I'm gonna I'm gonna put um I'm supposed to do this final report thing at the end so I'll put all that into the final report as well, or as much as seems like maybe not like the articles and stuff, like because and if and so forth, but I'll put most of it in the reports. Nice. Oh yeah. There's a whole branch of psychology that looks into that, psycholinguistics. Yep, they're called um disfluencies. Yeah we like our fancy phrases and terminologies for things. Exactly uh I will save this into the project documents. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah I know. Come on give me some information. Well to be fair we're we're hooked we're all hooked on the internet, so I mean I do the I know, imagine we went the first ten y fifteen years of our lives without the internet. It's only in the last ten that we're like where's the internet? I mean, you know, it just in the past five we've gone from twenty eight eight modems to broadband all the time. No we have but I not in the sense that it's so un you know uh ubiquitous Mm. Yeah that's our last step. Celebration. 'Kay I guess we can probably call that meeting to an end for the most part. Cool. Where do you find that? Is this one of those media player? W oh. The default track. I thought it was David Burns, look into the eyeball. That's one that seems to be shipping with it uh shipped with for a while, maybe this is the new version. Yeah, I guess we'll call that a a doner. Fab.