Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. W Like plastic with rubber, kind of on top Well, there's, there is a certain phone that has like a rubber casing, b like a Nokia it is. It's yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, tha Backup. Yeah. That would be good yeah. Maybe we could you were saying about um solar power ma maybe not working indoors, but a lot of calculators, yeah, have solar power. So maybe that could be incorporated as Yeah. Do, do those calculators yeah. I don't know how it works. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Oh. It's not on my screen. Why? You don't know why? Oh okay. Is it that one? Um, I'm just gonna go through the interface concept with yous now. Uh, first of all I'll explain what a user interface is. It's the aspects of a computer system which can be seen or otherwise perceived, for example, heard or felt maybe, or by the human user. And it's also the commands that the user uses to control its operation and to input data. Um, there are two types of user interfaces. There's the graphical user interface, which emphasises the use of pictures for output and a pointing device, for example a mouse for input control. So that's sort of like the scroll thing we were talking about. Yeah. I'm not really sure about the pictures that maybe that's on an L_C_D_ screen. Or maybe it's the the buttons or pictures or something. Do you think it's Yeah. Yeah. So you must, for the graphical user you must need some kind of presentation for the graphics. Like an L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No I think it's to do with the actual symbols that are on the, that's on the buttons of the remote control, and per Well it could be a wee scroller thing, and something could come up on the screen. Yeah. But um I think we're gonna go with the command interface anyway, to make it more simplistic. But the, we could incorporate some of the graphical user um points, as in just to make it m um nicer to look at maybe. Like I can't think of an example, but Sort of like little pictures rather than Like a little sound. Instead of saying volume, like a little speaker or something. Yeah, something y Yeah m perha yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Um, the co uh we've decided that the command interface would be the most useful for a remote control. As it would be less complicated, and the controls would be more user-friendly. Um, the remote control would be cheaper to design, so that we'd have more money in the budget to, um, target the design area of the interface. You know, make it more trendy and original. We'll have more money if we keep it simple. Yeah. Seeing as it's quite a new technology. Um We, we also have to keep in mind when we're designing our, um, more user-friendly remote control, that a lot of interfaces consist of a clutter of buttons, that, um, that their functions, colours and forms aren't always helpful. Yeah. Yeah. And that all interfaces are different. So, um, that doesn't improve the use of the produ product, so we need to come up with something that's easy to understand. And maybe learn from the mistakes of other interfaces that can be too complicated for people to use. Does anyone have any questions? Mm. But um Yeah. In the phone that I was thinking of as well, when you change the um covers of it, the, the little buttons that actually, you know, that contro control stuff, are behind the rubber. So you can change the buttons when you're changing the faces. Do you know what I mean? 'Cause it's just the wee control, yeah, thing that's behind it. So I mean, we don't have to decide on one colour. Each face could have its own colour of buttons maybe? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's everything, then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or banana-shaped. Yeah. Where do you have to save it to? Okay. Just escape I think. Yeah. Yeah. Hope so. Yeah. Yeah. I don yeah. Yeah. It's for the lighting, yeah. Yeah. Yeah plastic coat. We decided on the component. I, I I'm sorry, I've lost my um PowerPoint thing, so I can't remember what it's ca it's the component The command inter The command line interface yeah. Yeah. Um, I think that is well we haven't really made any decisions about what we're gonna do about the cluster of button functions, colours and forms, in the in consistent use. Like what what are ideas to combat these problems? You know how um different interfaces are very different, and can be confusing because because of their difference, and because of the different clusters of buttons that they have. We haven't really decided what to do about that. Well it's just um w where where shall we locate the buttons. What kind of functions wi shall we have? So pretty just just the basic button functions. Yeah. Yeah, each television. You don't change that often, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It w it would seem silly if we'd having anything else, just have an audio button though. Do you know? But we Yeah. That could be a sales pitch. Simple and Yeah. Yeah. What I What I was thinking what do yous think of this? Um, having the numbers kind of like, not a bunch of grapes, but you know like purple and kind of in a triangle. Like grapes. Like that's kind of fruity or something. That's just Yeah. Okay.