Also lots of mobile phones have got a lot of technology in them, not just that, so. Would Oh I was just gonna say mayb maybe it sh like um maybe we can like cut corners somewhere else to bring in over cost. Uh yeah, it's the second most important aspect to users that the device should be technologically innovative. From uh my presentation show, so. Uh technologically innovative. Mm. Well, if you g if you if you got a channel up down, we can have a slider in that as well. Because if it if you no if you notice on the thing it it kind of like has got kind of if you you know it s kind of like sticks, if you know what I mean, up like one unit, if you see what I mean. So it kinda goes up one, then y like you can keep rolling it up, but it's like like like like a cog or something. So you kinda take it up one at a time. D Oh. Uh you could you could as l as like a mouse you could Yeah, like the shape of it almost like a mouse, with a Dep I dunno if it depending on the final shape of it, 'cause you could have like, I dunno, it looks like you can c control the volume with your thumb, and then you could control the buttons with your fingers. Oh yeah, yeah. Here we go. Uh yeah, this is my report on trend watching. The data's come off internet uh from executive summary for us on the top three things wanted by the consumer. And we got reports from Paris, Milan on new fashions. And uh the most important aspect is the l the look it has to look fancy, look and feel uh instead of the current functional look and feel. This is a st well I was gonna say yeah twice as important as the second aspect, which is the technologically innov innovative um side of it. So uh and the third being easy to use is probably a given, we have to try and incorporate, so uh Uh exactly, yeah. I s that out of sequence? Uh yeah, sorry. Uh yeah, and uh from the fashion watchers from Milan and Paris have said fruit and vegetables are an important theme for clothes and furniture and shoes, et cetera. Uh sorry, clothes, shoes and furniture and uh a spongy material to be used on the on the outside. Yeah. But uh I was gonna say um yeah, fruit and vegetables, uh important to this year um important to furniture, I'm just gonna say uh f like it's in if if fashion if we're going for the it looks fancy, then fashion is obviously the line we gotta be going through. But fashions do don't last very long. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, we can have a sp like a spongy skin on it and then we can just whip that off and A kind of yeah. Oh Yeah. That's c cool. Um you have we could if we could save depending on the cost of the product itself, you know, could we have uh a cheaper b cheaper power source and then just have it annually renewed? Instead of having a ten year guarantee? With interchangeable covers, could just buy a new one every year, a new one when new fashions come out. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Or well, but like uh like more than just the battery, like a complete different like you've only got like, you know like th uh this bit's the bit you keep, and this is the expensive bit, this is like the chip and this is the microphone. And then this is the power source and the bit everyone sees. And then Yeah, you probably are right. Um oh, don't worry it's all said, I was just gonna say uh yeah, are we gonna make this as part of like like uh a part of the f like it it the fashions apply to furniture, so are we gonna make this part of the furniture? Yeah. This is fashionable with Oh yeah. And make that a fashion symbol as well. Yeah, that sounds Um I'm just I'm suddenly realising that yeah we're discussing how much how good it's gonna be to change channels t we still can just tell it to. I mean are we are we starting to get away from the the voice functionality of it? Yeah, maybe we cou like w like we're leaving out the buttons for the the f less frequently used stuff, but maybe we could incorporate that into the voice. Mm I suppose, but t there is the off chance that, you know, th the brightness is wrong on your T_V_ or the contrast needs changing. Hmm yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. Well I mean on a onto like a mouse, the ru the scrolling button, is actually a button as well, you could press it, you could press that and have it as a menu button. Uh yeah. Hmm. Uh can I just get some things clear just for my sake. Our energy source is gonna be long term. Cool. Uh And we're having a custom chip? And interchangeable case? Mm, mm-hmm. And uh are we gonna have it il being illuminated from inside onto the buttons or Cool. Are we having it that it's any angle, or is it just As wide as possible. Mm-hmm.