Hmm. E excuse me I forgot my copy. No, not mine yet. Yeah. Uh can I have Oh sorry s Mm-hmm. Mm. And double curve on both sides? Curve. Yeah, this is double-curve, no? This is double-curve. It This one is single curve. 'Cause this is single curve, this is curved on both sides. So double-curve. Like this, one curve on this side, one curve on that side. Hmm. Hmm. Maybe. Mm. Should Uh you can do one thing. You just select one box outsi yeah, this box. Then move it with the help of this Okay. Just uh just uh Okay, just a minute. Okay. No input, like this. Shift. No it's not. Yeah, it's not working. Should we ask Meli Should we ask our technical expert Melissa? Yeah. Yeah, we Yeah. Yeah, these are new ideas, like glow-in-the-dark or something like that. We discussed all the new ideas, but of course we couldn't reach any proper goals, we couldn't use these, but we h we are using these scroll buttons like this. These are new ideas we And new shapes, everything. At le Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. So So Uh Brian, have you have you finished? Uh mine needs also this. At last mine is also the presentation. Yeah, yeah. S Uh is the project evaluated, that is mine. Yeah. So. Yeah. So. So now is the final evaluation, final evaluation of the uh uh of our product. How we are going to means uh at what standard what standard whether it meets our standards or not. How mu What rating we will give to these products. So of course this is will be a team work, w we together have to decide wha what rating we will give to this product and everything. So what methodology I will tell you on what basis we are going to discuss all this. We will give the rating to this product based on the user requirements, whether it meets the user requirements or not, this product. Then trends, whether it is as fashion trends or not? Means because we have already stated that people do prefer fashionable things nowadays. So this is also an important factor for our evaluation also. Then marketing strategy of the company. As we have already discussed that our company is quite in the market, not only in terms of providing quality products, not only in pro providing latest technologies, but also in terms of providing environmental s Yeah. So but also in terms of providing environmental safe products, uh yeah like uh keeping uh keeping in mind all the safety issues. So Now comes the criteria rating with seven point scale. I'm having this scale this scale, so we have to do it on a board. the user requirem I think. Thank you. So. So these are the three crite criterias for our evaluation of our product. First of all uh comes user requirement. So we will see whether this product meets all user requirements or not. I I will first I would like to have your views, what do you think whether it meets all user requirements or not? S So what do you think you will personally give. Seven. Uh. Uh one is means highest ranking, okay. But I think highest ranking is seven, or one? Okay, right right. So it's one for from your point of view. And what do you say our Industrial Expert? Uh d you can you can tell on on the like I think she has given her views on the basis of design, because she was our i Interface Expert. But you can give your views based on technology, whether the technology meets the requirements of the customers or not? Two. And what about uh you, Brian? You will go for one. Okay. Uh for me personally it is everything fine, it may be having good design, it may be uh meeting all the requirements of the customers like technology-wise, price-wise, but there is one thing which limits the customers, like we are having only two, three designs, like we are having one banana design and the other one is orange, and Uh yeah, lower end. And the third one is what you ge uh that is not a f fruit look. But if a person doesn't like banana, or orange, you are limiting him. No, don't buy our product, because we are l we like this only. So we are showing our preference for particular fruits, two or three kinds rather, and Yeah. So. Uh no, uh personally as a Marketing Expert I don't believe that, because whatever companies they launch their products in the shape of fruits, they give a range of products, a range of shapes, like if we see, look at the smallest thing, toffee chocolates, they give a variety of different things. Some children like to buy banana shape, some apple shape, some even pineapple shape, some orange shape. So you can what shape a person will like. So in this case giving only one or two choices we are lim limiting our customers. And by limiting them, we are limiting our sales, limiting our profit also. Uh maybe. Okay but I will I will personally won't give it beyond three. So we can Yeah, on an average we can think three, four sevenths, maybe. Three or four? Uh, no sorry, it should be No sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, we are doing a very wrong thing. Yeah, yeah, we are taking everything, and that's I have taken it very wrongly. Yeah uh three four four two six seven seven sev Yeah one pe exactly. So we can say one or two. because it is one point eight uh two, so we will do two. Yeah. So where were the trends. Sorry? Yeah, again the the fashion trends, this also like whether it it will be fashionable to have these products in the uh as a fruit shape or something. Uh. Okay. Yeah. Uh Okay. Uh personally I wi uh I think that in terms of trends, these products are quite good, like, these products are in fruit shape, because that wha people now our fashion trend shows that people like everything all f everything that is being advertised, like clothes, shoes, and everything is being advertised in the form of fruits and vegetables, or getting them or showing some association with them. So and in this way our product is good. And the second thing, now people don't want any complicated or bulky products and ours is quite simple and quite handy. So that is also ef that also Our product meets the f the fashion uh trends of the market. And yes. It is cus spongy also. So they can play with it, it's quite good. So then I think, maybe I can give it two. So four five ten thirteen thirteen. So we can Is it fine? So what about company strategy? Okay. So what about you, Brian? Yeah, and me also, like, this product me uh me uh me uh this meets all company strategy like our product should be as per customers' requirement, as per latest technology, and it should be environmental safe. So since our product meets all these requirements, so I would also prefer to give it rank one. So four six six half. So we can say two or one Okay. So th seven seven. Uh overall we are getting two something, but we can round it as two. Yeah. So I think overall uh evaluation of our product is quite good. So we can launch it. Yeah. So yeah. Great.