Mm yeah. Nope, we're all set. Which which is the clunky one, the one on left or on the right?.. Okay. No. I'll add it later, I guess the presentation. No. No. Um function F_ eight. Function, the blue button. Next to the control on the left. Yeah. You have to push it together. Yep. Nope. Try that again. Wait. Yep, there we go. Increase that 'cause we can't see the That's much better. There you go. Bouncing on top. Is installing a new remote control something that people Um, I think it'll be the mid range to the high end market, in terms of people. 'Cause twenty five Euros for a remote, how much is that lo locally in pounds? Is that too is that a lot of money to buy an extra remote or a replacement remote? Right. Um so maybe not the high end range, but maybe middle, middle up-ish. Kind of. You know how much? I dunno I guess you pay, what, ten ten quid for a remote? Like a simple replacement, right. I mean if you lost your remote and the first thing you just wanna go out and get, would you how much would you pay? Yeah. Yep. I I think twenty five to thirty five is is is fair to add that in as a group as well because that's more than half your group of people who are willing to at least try and use your technology. Yeah. I think perhaps that age group is significant as well because those are people who use the computer, who are familiar with their with computers in in their everyday work. I think people who are maybe about I wouldn't say thirty five, but people who are about forty-ish and above now would not be so dependent and reliant on a computer or a mobile phone or something like that. So these are people who are gadgety, right? People who are u growing up used to, you know in schools and in universities, when you go on to their working lives, people who would you know regular Yeah. Yeah. Mm. I I think one thing we should try not to avoid is not to say we have to use speech recognition right now, because um, based on what you've go y everybody's saying, right, you want something simple. You want basic stuff and you want something that's easy to use. Speech recognition might not be the simplest thing for somebody to use. Um, but what I'm saying is that we're we're trying to lock ourselves into a s particular kind of technology, rather than focusing on on exactly what are the features that we're gonna say, and then, you know, say speech recognition is good for this, speech recognition is not good for this. So maybe we should I suggest that we think about speech recognition, anyway it's a it's something that can be used to fulfil a function, but at end of the day we don't look at the technology, but we look at the function first. Okay, sure. Sorry, do you mind passing me my notepad. Thanks. Cool, um. Okay. Um. Well this is just the working design um. Well this is just what how I would go about it. Um I guess I try to define like what we're doing now, try to define what we're trying to get done. Um I think in a practical way, we kind of know what it is. We've used it, we're familiar with it, but we're we can't n we haven't narrowed down um exactly what the things we're trying to fulfil, like Besides the basics, I think back in the back of our minds we know what the basics are. Has to change channels, has to change volume, but in like specifics, right, which one of the basics are you trying to target. Um are there certain parts of the basics that are more important or less important than the basics? Um and I just the idea is just to get everybody to um I usually have a have have a design that's there as a basic, so, you know, things that to start everything going. But I guess everybody does have some idea, so I don't think um there's a need for that. Um okay this finding things is a little bit confusing, so I'll go into the diagram first. It just explains how the process goes through, from a from the basic technology point of view, the basic steps that you need um in the diagram and in this slide probably works better. Um okay, you need some power source. 'Kay, a battery or something, to keep it going. Um and that power source is important because it ties you down to um how long the device will last. Um it ties you down perhaps a bit later on in terms of the technologies um how far you can transmit the signal or the complexity of the functions that you want. Like for example, voice recognition, right. That might be constrained because that you might need to power a microphone, you might need to power other things, so that's one perhaps constraint there. Um Th Okay, the basic thing is there's a user interface where people punch a button or talk into it or smile to it or blink their eyes, whatever. You know, and that um picks up an input from a user, um uh a logic a series of logic has to decide what the user is telling the device, and the device has to r you know, based on you push button A_, so I will do something with button A_. So maybe button A_ is the power button, okay. Um and then it needs to be able to send the signal out to the device itself which is the receiver here. Um and I think that's about it in terms of my design um. It's fairly general, um and I guess the purpose of this is also not to restrict you in in the way you're thinking, like um voice recognition, right, um, if it's something which is important then we just add more power rather than having a thing that we don't have enough power. So it's not really a constraint in that sense, but I mean these are functionally, you know, the base, what the technology has to do. Um so I guess the rest of it I think we should maybe you you wanna go back to what the functions are? I think that's more relevant to a discussion? Yeah, w I'm done. More or less. Yeah. Ps Oh, it's just putting the rest of it into words, but it's essentially the same thing. Um you have a transmitter, an input device, logic chip, you know, stuff like that. Um I guess this would be Yep. Um, these these aren't technology options in that sense. This is just um a basic principles and basic components that are needed. For example, if you needed um if you needed to add uh a voice recognition, right, then your user interface would be split, broken down into more components, right, which you have a microphone, the V_R_ and stuff like that. Uh Yep. Yep. So each component represents one function, but I think the basic functions are the logic, the transmitter, um and the receiver, okay, and the power are things that you won't have to care about. Um and those are things that based on what your user interface requires then we'll add more functionality to it. Um there might be one other consideration which would be that the the transmission between the remote control and the T_V_ for example. Okay, um are we gonna restrict ourselves to using the traditional technologies of infra-red thing? Because that's something you need to actually be physically be pointing to. Right. Yep. There might be one other problem with the transmission, um in particular right now, since we're talking about voice recognition. Um if somebody's gonna h talk to the device, you ideally want them to hold it to them. I it you may not require that, but you know, um it's it's it's something very natural, I guess, you know, to hold it, to signal to the user, and push a button maybe to start s talking about it. Then you need to send the signal out, so because if you're using infra-red, the line of sight um say the T_V_'s at that chair, and I'm standing in front of here and the transmitter is here, it blocks it. So in that sense, there's not really a restriction but it's something which you may have to think about later on in the process. Not so much further down. There's there's not much specific specific information, but I think that um one indication of infra-red mean that you're just targeting traditional devices. Because infra-red is something which everybody has. There's a there's Okay, from from a from a component point of view there's added complexity, and you add cost to it, um and then there's probably the fact that you need another physical component. You need a docking cradle, for example, for you to put it in to charge. Or you need to get the user to plug it in. Um and most users are very f use already used to the idea of buying batteries and putting it into the controller. But unless the controller's gonna consume a lot of batteries, like he's gonna run through like twenty batteries a month, then I don't think rechargeable is something we should you know, we really need to care about. Um. Okay, I think Another thing that you were saying about categorising the controls? Um maybe I could suggest we we break them down into three simple categories. One would be audio controls, one would be video controls, and the other one would be a device. Um this may not map very well to advanced functionality especially, but I think that um from a manufacturer's point of view, from a person designing the device, but I think from a point of view of a person using the device, you know a T_V_ is something they see and something they hear, um it's something they do other things to like turn it on and turn it off. I mean like so what we could have is like three buckets, right, where we could throw things into, like if we want this feature, let's throw it into there, and then from there decide whether it's basic, or it's non-basic. I mean it might help with the visualisation. And it would actually help with the component build as well. Mm no, not really. Mm. Um things like on off. Because they don't have anything to do with what you see. I me mean in terms of picture and the entertainment value, you know, um so um And channel. Because the on off also goes, you know, like on off like power, not on off sound. Not on off video. Although you don't turn off the video on your T_V_, but um you might wanna you know turn off the sound, say you wanna pick up the phone, there's a mute button, right, so you you have you have a choice of putting it on to um others or a device. Device is basically anything which we can't categorise, right. We put it out. Yeah, anything to do with what you hear, right. You you put that into audio. And then video is anything that you can see. Um. Yep. Yep. Yep. Like random which we have no other place to put, but we need it somewhere there. Um even even if it doesn't map very clearly what happens is that people at least have some in their mind. It's easy to use, I think that's one thing that um and I guess from the component point of view it's easy to build as well 'cause things are like fixed.