Right. Okay. Right s so I haven't made a PowerPoint presentation, yeah, I I thought I'll use the whiteboard instead. Um mm, okay, so basically I'll start off by uh I thought I'll use the whiteboard because we have so many different options and what we can do is that we can start um uh rubbing off the options that we do not require and putting in the options that uh are m or highlighting or underlining them or something like that. Okay, so uh I'll start again with a brief introduction to connect that anyway brief introduction to the insides of a remote control and uh then we can probably uh discuss the various components. Yeah. Okay, so w what you see here is so this is the outside of the remote, right? If you open it, you have a circuit board here, right, and this is the chip that I was talking about last time. This basically sends information to a tr uh transistor here, which then uh sends the information to an L_E_D_ device here. If you flip the printed circuit board, and this is th the most important point here, uh everything else is kind of Okay, so if you flip the circuit board, this is what it looks like. So you see for example a particular button attaches to a particular place on the P_C_B_ and uh on pressing this button I a circuit completes, the information goes to the chip, which is somewhere here and the chip that tra then translates the code into an infra infrared radiation, which goes goes out through there. So uh the important point that I read over the website was uh that the configurations of these printed circuit circuit boards uh are quite cheap to make, you can ge get them printed as you want to, so w we can have a configuration um irrespective of the cost, the way we want to have. Right? So that's the important point here, so these are the different options that we have. Okay. So the batteries, I'll start with the battery, right? So they can be simple which is like uh the normal batteries in uh our uh the cells, yeah? Uh thes these are the kind different kind of batteries that the company makes, right? So. And dynamos. Um yeah, yeah. So uh I don't know if even if you want to consider this, but these are the different things that the company makes, so th they'll they'll since uh they'll come internally from the company, they'll be eas uh cheaper, uh all these options. So the third one is uh the kinetic energy ones. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good option. The the kinetic energy one is uh that e uh uh they are usually modern watches, since our hand keeps moving, it keeps the watch ticking. But I dunno i if it is a good idea for a remote control, because it'll just lie there for a long while sometimes. But as soon as you pick it up it moves and then again it uh re recharges or something. And the fourth option is the solar cells, which are also made by the company. Environment friendly. Okay um so I'll list things and then we can come back and discuss what what we think from uh everybody's perspective. There are different cases that can be provided. They can be basically the shape of the cases, they can be flat, they can be curved with uh one-sided curved and one side flat, and they can be curved with on both the sides. These are the three options, right? Um Yeah, would it be flat on both the sides, would be curved from one side, or whatever uh there were different kind of supplements available, um like it can be in plastic, rubber, wood, or titanium, right? Wo wo wood. Yeah. Not wool. Oh really? Okay. Um the so uh we can use even um a certain titanium is also used uh in the company to make uh uh some space design equipment, so it's kind of um uh it'll be probably nicer to use, because it relates to the overall image of the company, but uh it cannot be used on a double curved surface. If we choose this, we cannot use titanium. For for these two we can use titanium, wood, rubber, or plastic. Yeah? Uh okay, the interface options now. So we can have push-buttons, like most remotes do and our company is an expert in making push-buttons. Ooh. Uh we can have scroll wheels like the ones on um uh mouse pointers uh uh Yeah, yeah, something like that. So, and they have they can even have an an integrated uh push-button inside the scrolling thing. The scroll plus push. So this is something that has been recently developed by the company, um in the last decade, so not too recent. And L_C_D_s, we can have L_C_D_s. So these two are recent and and this is q quite old. The various electronic options are um uh so th this concerns firs first of all the the chips I I showed you at uh so there's there's a chip behind this one, right? The P_C_B_ is uh inexpensive, so we can put put in uh whatever we want, but the various integrated circuit options are, we have either a simple one or a regular or advanced. And uh the price goes up as we go down, obviously. Um okay, so the good thing about uh wh wh why why we would want to use advanced u why we might want to use advanced is that L_C_D_s can only come with the advanced chip. Um the we need regular or advanced for uh scroll wheels. Right? Um and the chip basically includes the infra infrared sender. Yeah. Uh besides this in electr under electronics uh also the company has started making a sample sender, which is did not explained what i what it was, but I'm guessing that uh so they have a sample sender and a sample speaker. So I'm guessing that uh the sample speaker is probably something like um uh you know, as soon as you press a button, it it mm uh give gives you feedback, one five or whatever. Yeah, on. Um and uh I dunno whether sample sender sender has to do something with voice recognition or not, but anyway. So, these are the different options that we have. Okay, so th that's that's basically now now uh I think that uh we can integrate um uh you know, uh the user interface uh and uh the marketing things in that, keep uh taking out things from this and uh underlining things that are important, yeah. Yeah, yeah, sure. Sure. Yeah. Right. Yeah, it should should do it. Yeah. That's nice one. Mm. Mm. Uh sorry, uh can you go back for a second? Um uh are you sure wha what this means, a spinning wheel with the L_C_ display? Uh oh yeah are th Oh okay, the iPod thing, yeah. Uh it's the iPod uh kind of uh Alright, right. Okay, okay. So instead of going down you just spin yeah, yeah. Uh-huh. Right. Mm-hmm. Right. So maybe I should include that here as well, L_C_D_s um plus spinning. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. So um uh maybe uh as you're discussing things, is it okay if we just uh keep highlighting things here? Right. So mm uh so it yeah, so probably voice recognition is is kind of important, right? Um and an yeah. Okay, I I have a point about L_C_D_, I dunno if it is the right point to take it up. W uh L_C_D_s are basically for feedback, right, to the user who's pressing buttons, and the feedback can come through television itself, so do we need an L_C_D_ on the remote? Mm. Right. Right. That's true, yeah, that's also Right. Mm-hmm. Mm right. Okay. So now we seem to have a consensus that L_C_D_s are definitely the way to go because of style and Right. You you agree? Maarika, yeah? Yeah. So L_C_D_s, yeah, definitely. Go on. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm. Yeah, we we have we have rubber, but there is a problem that I forgot to discuss with the um with using So if if we use uh latex cases, they won't allow us to use solar cells, as an energy source that is the constraint, so um we could use titanium, wood or plastic uh or uh Yeah, w energy source. Yeah, tap it on the desk, yeah. Mm. So probably double curved surface is the way to go, yeah,. Or or curved at one end and flat on the top, because I I'm not sure if it is flat on both both the sides, then ho how much easy would it be to reach for buttons, etcetera. Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, singe single side curved or double side curved does not say too much, does it? It uh Mm. Uh I think uh Right. Right. Di now did it say anywhere in your research material about this sliding stuff uh because um according to the information that I have, I think uh the onl only options that we have with the case is are these three. Uh eith either we have uh a flat surfaced uh case or a curved surfaced case. It does not say anything about uh whether technically, you know, this this stuff is available at all. Right, yeah, yeah. Right. Okay. Cool, thanks. Yeah. Let's let's try to r rub off things and yeah, so um hand dynamos are definitely out, right? You you got a wind dynamo, yeah. Okay. Um kinetic energy does seem to have some kind of uh uh appeal, but uh it's Yeah. As against a watch, which constantly keeps moving, this this thing will have to be tapped every time, which which might be very frustrating for the user. Kinetic energy it needs I don't have too much technical information on that, yeah, right. Okay, let's keep it option uh keep an option, yeah. Um the flat co completely flat case is definitely out, right? It has to be at least curved from one side, yeah. Um okay, we still have all all the options. Wood, do you think wood will be a good idea? Mm. Right. Yeah if if it is really thin if it is really thin it it's likely to break, it's it's much more uh Right. That's true. Yeah. Yeah, okay wood is out. Right. Okay, now for the really interesting stuff, the interface. Right, so uh the the push-buttons is is our expertise uh in the industry, but uh it seems to be out of trend, you know, nobody seems to be Mm right. Oh, if if we have L_C_D_ displays, that opens up a whole world, you know, if you have an L_C_D_ display, then mm you can select almost everything on the L_C_D_ display. Right. Okay. Mm right. So uh in in the buttons we have for the channels also we have options. Do you do we enumerate everything from zero to nine? Or do we have just uh channel plus, channel minus, just to just to scroll? The numbers. Right. Or on the L_C_D_ we can, you know Okay. So mm Alright. Right. Okay, so buttons definitely in but oh shall we uh try to draw a prec um Uh okay. Okay, okay, so the components. Right, so uh what about the the scrolling uh? Mm um I'm not sure it'll be a good idea to construct the whole thing out of rubber. Uh i it Or or at the corners, edges, just the edges covered by rubber or something like that. Everything else in plastic or even titanium if we want to use it. Mm-hmm. Right, right. Right, okay, so so that gives us a more trendy look as well. Um Right. Yeah, and uh we're going more for the trends than for the usability anyway, right? So I'll rub that out. And uh colours can be provided with the case rather than Um but we still need to te think about the colour of our remote as such, you know, just keep it black, or Mm. Okay. Um okay, if you g go over to uh the integrated circuits. Uh since we're having L_C_D_s there there's no way that we're will be able to um what we do need to consider, however, is that the price is going up for the ever every such thing that we are considering, but since L_C_D_s seems to be uh a definite yes, so it seems to be one area where we would want to spend. So I'll rub off the other two. Oh is oh the constraint was uh yeah. Yeah. So I think uh we'll have uh uh using the simple battery will be a safer option as compared to the kinetic energy one, I mean, a although it does seem uh interesting. But it does not hold any advantages as such for a yeah. Okay. Uh okay, so r we understand this better now that uh the the speaker is for the feedback, right? It it says uh the things that you type in or something like that, so Ye yeah, we we don't have too much information about it, um Yeah, okay, so so th this is in as well then, the sample speaker. Right. Flat on the top. Yeah. Okay. I_C_s? Uh integrated circuits. Yeah. Uh um we we're definitely going in for voice recognition as well as L_C_D_s, mm. Right. Yep. Mm. Mm-hmm. Cool. Yeah, okay.