Okay. And I can start if you want. Mm. Is there an order? No. We haven't decided on an order. First. Okay. Um, how do I put this I'll just put the cable in. Is that it? Can you see? Oh, here. Okay. So what happens it doesn't work? No. Is it in the right thing? Oh wait, um. Uh. You need to help me. Yeah. Oh, wait. That's is that it? Right here we are. We're here. Okay, um. In order to see what the functional requirements were to be found, um a hundred people were tested in a usability laboratory through just their habits to n know their habits were observed and questionnaires were given out. Um, the findings in in some cases matched what we were talking about. Custome Customers and users don't like the way remote controls look, they don't like the way they feel, they don't think they match their operating behaviour, and an example is what we were talking about, the buttons, they only use ten per cent of the buttons, so later on there's a study of the buttons that they use most and I think we should design according to these buttons. Easy to lose, and R_S_I_. I don't know what R_S_I_ means. Um the person that did the questionnaire obviously did, I don't have a clue. Um, according to the frequency of use and the relevance of each buttons, I have made a list of the buttons that we should focus on in order of importance. So the most important buttons are those to do with channel selection. They're used about a hundred and sixty times per hour. And um yeah so and and people like to zap a lot apparently, so this is the order. Channel selection, teletext, volume, and power. The other ones are the settings, and they're used less than you know zero point eight to zero point five times per hour, and this means that I think we can we could have like a a button for all the settings, and then, just one, and then from there go on to the audio on the screen, either on the remote or on the television. Um, about the screen, and speech recognition, some people are more willing than others to actually pay for that. And if we look at the market, f people from well from fifteen to thirty five year old year olds, I don't really know how to describe this, um ninety one to seventy six percent of people in that age range are willing to pay more for this sort of product, while people that are above thirty five years ol um years old go from thirty five percent to eight percent, so people that are sixty five for example wouldn't actually pay for this sort of thing. Um I don't I don't know um what the decision to be made is, but I think that the people that actually do buy remotes m more are those like teenagers and young professionals and um, most likely, but we should discuss this together. And that's all I have to say about the matter, um. Shall I what do I do? Do I give this to someone else? Function F_ eight. S That's on view. Oh. How it looks or the the buzzer you mean, yeah, for sure, yeah. Well that's for speech recognition. And screen. That's only for speech recognition and screen. Yeah yeah yeah. I mean I just put the values in. But um the screen is the same as what, Yeah, I'm happy with that. Completely. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So do you plug it in the T_ you plug it in T_V_, this thing? Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Just there. Mm. Are we um should that thing be on the thing to put the you s you talking about a home for it. Do you still want to build a little thing next to the telly or to p hang on the wall or shall we leave that for now? Okay. Okay. For the so you have that button, that so there's is there a light or shall we leave just have a radio? Are we just having a radio? On the phone. You don't need a light. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah yeah. You can hear it's under the couch yeah. Um, So need the other buttons. So we have this mm. Mm-hmm. They're not, no. It not V_H_S_ here? But V_C_R_s Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Well for sure we need the um I think we can just design the channels? I mean power's just a button, and it's not used that much, s and it's usually that red and I think it's quite nice to keep it like red. Oh okay, yeah. Yeah. Well even um iPod thing, like um, I don't know if people like this but if you want to reduce the number, of buttons, instead of having like one to nine, have a sort of scrolling I don't know. Yeah. Because people li seem now the iPod's out people seem to like this thing that there's no Know you don't have one two three four five Yeah yeah, it's just and it's one thing which has everything. Well can't it tell the like can't you if you you can have the number on the telly going like one two three four five once you scroll and then It's like l this like that, and then you do that. And then you can have um if you actually just want to zap, you can have like a thing like that, and that, and then it can just be plus and minus. Yeah, you can Yeah, click o actually click on to have Yeah. What do you mean the function? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but it knows for some reason. The iPod knows. Well for the volume you have to press the middle, and then go up. And then well if you do that it goes, but if you like that makes more sense 'cause there's already ones with up and down here, that I've seen. Well what you for the iPod you press an w right if you're on the channel let's say, then you press on the middle and then if you do that again the volume goes up, and if you do that it goes down. But if you wanna keep it with volume here and here, I'm pretty sure Yeah. I don't know, you could click and then have it up and down, but I think Yeah yeah yeah. I think it Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Well it could just be simple instead of being a l mass. Because, the other thing, I didn't tell you all my presentation, is that people find it find that it's a big waste of time to have to learn how to use your remote and that's another thing they complained about. Um, what other buttons were there? Volume oh we've ts just said that. Channel selection. Menu. But D_V_D_ players usually have their own remote. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it is only fun Okay.