That should hopefully do the trick, um. 'Kay. Sorry about the small delay. Falling a little bit behind schedule. And that's uh fifteen twenty five. Okay. So just to try and roughly go over what we agreed in the last one, um we're gonna go for something uh uh how was it? Uh The new black, I believe. Um something that looks good 'cause that seems to be in preference to actual functionality in the end, though we should never avoid functionality, of course. Uh many of our components are gonna be standard, off the shelf, but it seemed like we were gonna require at least an advanced chip and we were still very much for the idea of using an L_C_D_ display. Um other things were we were hoping to use rubber, most likely gonna be double curved, etcetera. Okay. So um due to your hard work, we might as well let the uh two designers go first, and uh show us the prototype. Quite how the best way to do this is, I'm not sure, but Okay. I'm afraid yeah. We'll go into that a bit more, but please go on. Mm. Okay, yeah. Great. Um. Yeah, okay. Excellent work. Um. Yeah, I believe so. So I mean I don't think anybody could actually stop a remote being lost, 'cause that would mean doing something about the human element, but I'd like to think that we've done something about finding the damn thing once we have. Mm. Um just before we go through all of the steps here, um well what we'll do is um if we can look at the criteria you're gonna evaluate, and then we'll come back to the product evaluation if that's alright. Yeah, is that Um so is there anything here that you that you wanted to cover as in the criteria that you've covered? And then we'll come back pretty much promptly to this. I is there any of these criteria that need any explaining? Or is there anything that yous thought tha really would stand out compared to the others? Okay. Okay. No and which we will do very very shortly. Um. Okay. Slight problem we had was that we have an amazing four Euros over budget for what we were hoping to do. Um most of it stems from the use of the L_C_D_ which I think in the end accounted for about half of our expenditure because of course we required a chip as well. Um the only way to get this down was either to ditch the a L_C_D_, at which point we've removed a large part of how we were gonna interface, require more buttons, etcetera. Or what we did was that we um we as in I as I was quickly going over it was altering the actual structure. Um changing it to plastic and a solid unit with a single curve design would allow us to come back into the um proposed costs and we're just scraping it in, we've got point two of a Euro left over there. So we're just managing it really. Even then as well, um there was no criteria technically defined for a joystick so I've used what I think's appropriate. With any luck that won't mean that we've incurred more cost than we can actually afford to. It blows a lot of our really good ideas kind of slightly to one side, for example the possibility of having a U_S_B_ connection is definitely not viable now. Um. That should still be viable. We've got an advanced chip, we've got the use of the L_C_D_. So being able to communicate in multiple languages is still very much a possibility. Um but what's something we need to decide on is how we're gonna go from here. We do need to try and come up with an idea which could be continued with other people if need be. Um. We can I can bring the excel up sheet up and uh show you if you wish um. I really think as m much as it pains me is that we might have to go with plastic and some kind of solid design, possibly meaning that the L_C_D_ wouldn't be in this perfect place. It might be s stuck like slightly between what would be good for left handed and what would be good for a right handed person. Okay. It very much is about making concessions, unfortunately. Um. Um b b b da is you mean on the plastic, or? Let's have a look. You now have as much information as I do. Um. So as you can see here, for example, the battery really not very little choice in that one. We've gone for one of the cheaper options as well. Unfortunately we require the advanced chip if we're gonna do what we're needing to. I've said single curved. We really do need it to be that way for the ergonomics of it. Um plastic for some reason incurs no cost, which I've had to very much make advantage of, despite the fact that rubber's only got a value of two Euros per unit. Problem comes here as you can see in the interface. Um if I've read this thing correctly, then we can save point five of a Euro here in that it's not per push button. That might make sense, because then a numeric keypad would come in at um what, four point five Euros, which is an awful lot, so that could well be wrong. Even if we save point five there, it would just mean that we're most likely placing it in actually just gaining a colour for the unit, which has had to be put to one side. As you can see, the use of an L_C_ display um advanced chip and what would determine the scroll wheel here as well because it's an integrated scroll scroll wheel push button that wasn't quite what I think they had in mind with a joystick. I that's something you'll have to take up with the bean counters. Um as you can see I mean that's taken up well over half of the price. So um I'm very much open to suggestions of where we go, but because we need to shed what was four Euros off of the um the price of for what we really desired, this one comes in under price as you can see, but this was the one that sacrificed the material for the case and for the actual case design. Uh no, we haven't, not That'll it literally would just be a button. We might have to It looks like almost nothing Mm. Oh good call, I missed that. that's a very valid point. So if we're gonna go with the L_C_ display, then that's I believe so, yeah. That would probably not be in keeping with the um the fashion statement and such, yeah. Being manipulated by the joystick, yeah. Which I'm defining as scroll wheel. Um. Yeah it's just because there was no actual definition for what a joystick might be, that that's what I've labelled it for the purposes of this evaluation. If we remove the L_C_ display, we could save ourselves a fair amount. Which you could It's a shame. We should possibly have If we could've increased the price we could've manufactured that and we could've got something far closer to what we were hoping to. Again, you'll have to argue with the accountants on that one. Um but for the purposes of this meeting, I'm we're gonna have to stick with these figures. So, I would say that it would seem like the general opinion is we're gonna keep the L_C_ display 'cause it's about what really separates us, despite the cost it's gonna incur. Um are people maybe not happy with, but are willing to go ahead with this in going for a plastic solid case, to keep the L_C_D_? It's hard to tell. Um I would say that you're at least gonna take double curved, and even then I'm not quite sure if that's incorporating the idea of articulation. Single curved with articulation? But the curves all o over hand, is it? We wouldn't actually save a lot by reducing it anyway, so I mean for the purposes of this meeting maybe we can state that single curve still allows articulation. Um unless we hear otherwise we could go ahead with that proposal. Which is what we can get onto now. As long as so are we gonna say w we have to keep an eye on the time as well, but we're gonna say um single curved design It could well be, but at a cost of Okay, yeah we'll definitely won't go with that one. Yeah, that's voice recognition, so. Um. So, okay yeah, battery definitely, It looks like it unless we can manage to put it in under point two Euros, um. Maybe even slight well oh yeah, pretty much point two Euros, I'd say. So we'll leave that one for now. we'll just have It's uh a case of um I'm uh slightly unsure. One point five of a Euro for one push button doesn't sound quite right. So maybe it's a case of a push button is maybe one or more. Um. At which point if Well you got point five there. It's literally a case of whether or not this is correct. I'm not quite sure if they're I don't think they mean point five Euros per button. So There we go. Black's probably the normal colour you'd say, yeah. I quite like that colour that you're fetching there, it's uh definitely for make it glow in the dark even better. So will we go with that then? It's not and we can see we'll come back to uh your evaluation which you're probably now going to pan us but there we go. Just to give you an idea, um you want to go maybe a bit quickly as well, I'm not sure how much time. We've not hit the five minute mark warning yet, but. Ten. Mm mm four? Three? Mm. Okay. Two buttons. Yeah. I'd say we're doing well there. Mm-hmm. As he models the I'd Yeah. Which is a shame. Mm. I'd be tempted with three, yeah. We'll get panned on the next one, anyway. Yeah, w It is, yeah. Don't blame them. Um because of the way that we've minimalised the number of buttons and such. Plastic, it sucks. But it's no worse than any of the other pl remote controls we have. Like yellow, yeah. It would also help keep the the product placement s yeah. Is it inspired by clothing fashion? Yes. It's kind o it probably Well I mean it's probably more fruit and veg than most other things out there bar fruit and veg, so, what, four? Is that being too generous? Oh dear,. What would you think yourself? Well, it's kind of curved and we can make it yellow, and that's pretty much banana like. Si it's got a curve to it. Am I do you think I'm stretching the uh the use of the banana? It's not bad and considering the don't pick the pen. Um. Y oh and you've knocked batteries out. Um right okay it's considering the price we had to get this in, to have a positive you know, even based on the four of us being heavily biased, um it was gonna be quite hard to get anything standing out I'd say possibly, based on um the the cost features. Maybe it's been targeted Hide it in the fruit basket. Probably the people technologically. They're usually the ones that buy pointless stuff. Mm-hmm. Okay. Um don't know how lo much longer we've got. At least five minutes I think. Um quickly we'll pop onto project evaluation. Um. So, we've got these uh four criteria here for uh satisfaction. Does anybody want to um um do you have any opinions on any of them? For example um we'll work backwards I suppose. The ability to work on this project using the technology we've been presented with. Um people made good use of the uh pen and paper? I would say I'm not quite sure what the advantage for us using a digital pen might be. Mm. It must It does seem like the paper's still a heavy consideration for taking notes. So maybe this is literally just a way around it. Um I dunno. How are people satisfied with the teamwork we've managed to display today? Leadership. As much as can be leadered in this uh thing. Um last one we've got is room for creativity. Now, I think we got Yeah I think of in the end, ideas that can be used sadly. Not so much that we weren't full of ideas, but of ones that are gonna allow us to actually build the thing. It's a bit of a pity. Um I would have to agree on that. I think we needed a larger budget. If you're going to aim your a um product maybe at the technological kind of sector, then you can afford to maybe jack the price up slightly from what it is. Because they will pay outrageous cash to first on the market. Mm. It could even That's true, yeah. Um I suppose these are all that will have to be taken up with a at a different group at I guess. As to a the costs involved. But I mean we've got a a prototype. So I dunno, I I think it's gone okay today, considering the information that we've had at our disposal, and um such. Probably would have mean we could have come up with a lot more solid design in the end, I would have to agree. It is very much a pity to um get so far into the stage and then find out that maybe some of your ideas are just a bit too expensive. Always hard to tell until you know the costs. Um. Okay. Are the costs within budget? Well, they are now that we have our slightly less than capable product. We've evaluated it, and we can say that we came out with a value of three. It's yeah? And then the final one where you get to call it Hal. But we'll go into that later. Right um is there anything else that anybody would like to to add, um anything they think that's not been covered, before I quickly write up a final report. Um I dunno, I mean we've got a product. We maybe aren't as happy with it as we'd like to be, but we've got something we think we can maybe stick onto the the market and sell. And of course something we have been avoiding talking about 'cause of we've no information is selling them directly to the manufacturers. There is a huge market. I mean we've briefly touched on it but we've no more knowledge then there's little we can say on that. Yeah. So um unless anybody's got anything they'd like to add, we can maybe round this up slightly earlier than we'd need to and then we can finish up the writing and such. Yeah? Uh thank you for your participation. That a question we can ask.