You could change the vegetable, or fruit. Yeah. It's been a l It's been a little bit difficult to um make sure that it's hand-holdable, and that the user can use it, you know, it's not too big. Uh but we think that this you know, this size will be okay and we will have to fit the battery case in there somehow. And I guess the only other thing that we really didn't talk about was or design yet actually, would be the um thing the locator. How how so Okay so that's just So you have to have a button on your on your you have to attach the button to the Yeah we have that that has yes yet to be designed. Yeah that c hey that that could you know match the handset. You could have a broccoli, or you could have a mango. So. Tada. Mm. Yeah. Is it possible that we can bring this up on our own Is it meeting three minutes? No it's not minutes. Okay. Okay. Cool. True's one and false is seven. So it's actually a scale. Okay. Does it feel fancy? No. Yeah. Okay. One. Hmm. Um three. Yeah. So it's a one was true and seven was false? Okay, so you guys really didn't like it? I was like, why did you guys design it that way if you hated it? Yeah. One. Uh three. One. Uh two. Uh one. Yeah. Uh one. Uh. One. One. One. Two. One. Which one is that again sorry? Three point one? I think What if we just smash all the vegetables down flat? And like then it you could hold it in your hand better. Yeah. The flat one. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't yeah. But like if if you just squash them flat like and you made it flat But it's still too big I think, in your hand. Yeah. Yeah like certain ones you'd have to limit the fruit selection, like you could probably do a strawberry still. I think the broccoli would be out. You could do, although the broccoli is quite comfortable, I have to say, like sorta like a joystick. I don't know. So Uh. Rhubarb. These obscure fruits. I think we needn't Huh? Oh okay. Yeah. That could work. Yeah. Yeah. I dunno. Yeah. 'Cause yeah no-one wants to hold a remote that's uncomfortable obviously. Or like I dunno, some of 'em you can kind of think see as like like you could if it was only this you know, if it was shaped like that, and it just had that. But you see the problem is you have to attach that, and this has to be detachable. So like maybe that's just too big because Yeah it's sorta like a joystick. I dunno. I guess Yeah. Dif Yeah. Yeah. Like uh we could do I'm trying to think of other sha like fruits that are oddly shaped. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. We could tr I don't know. Cool. Well Yeah the broccoli I guess wins. We were a bit off task. Um so uh I can't think of any So we'll have to like Mm. Yeah I dunno. You could make the touch pad in th in different shapes, but then that kind of re-designs the whole project like, but you could do like Yeah that's true. Yeah. Yeah that's true. Mm. Hmm. I did. The prototype making was very creatively stimulating and I think we've come up with a product that's fun and meets all the criteria. I think you were fine. You did a good job leading. Yeah I think it more than anything we didn't really have our set roles so much, as we just would be like I don't know, all had ideas about it but yeah. No. Hmm. I felt like my I dunno if it was just my role, but l but uh I di I thought that my the information that was available to me was kind of just like or maybe it was just the idea that we had. But there's kinda it was kinda like okay, I don't really think I dunno what I'm doing here. So I didn't really think it was helpful. So I kind of just made up my own stuff and I didn't really like the PowerPoint presentations, so I kind of wrote a lot of notes instead. But yeah I d I don't really like PowerPoint personally, think it's kinda stupid. Yeah but uh Yeah. It didn't really yeah. So like a f Yeah I think so. Yeah I mean, it Yeah I kinda thought that um I felt like I would go and like try to use my information, or like I'd make this stupid little presentation and then like I just would end up talking about something completely unrelated because I dunno I felt like I was off-task all the time. But um Yeah. I wanna s I I'd like to see what what it looks like on the Yeah I think I'd like to um I dunno. Like it was the I think the microphones are okay when you're sitting down, but like they're kinda clumsy I guess when you're like when you're s going up to the whiteboard like. Yeah I dunno. But they're they're okay. Uh I think, and I think that uh all this technology like I guess some people must be interested in using it but I can't imagine finding it any more useful than like looking at someone's notes, or like I dunno. Hm. I guess it would be it's gotta be worth it to I 'cause I'm just mostly curious about like what kind of person or like company would would really find it useful, 'cause can't really imagine, dunno. How about a p a? Um I dunno. Yeah. M meeting adjourned. I think it would be a good idea, I like it.