Alright? Alright. Thank you for coming to this third meeting of the uh uh design group. Um I think we uh made some definite progress at the last one um and come up with some interesting uh uh w suggestions for our our new remote control. Um I'll again very quickly uh just present some notes of that meeting. Um the the the problem with existing remote controls, we felt, was that they're ugly um and that people are prepared to pay a premium for something better. Um they've got lots of buttons on them that uh people don't use and find difficult to learn. Um and people lose them. And We we thought that f for our our new uh uh remote control that everybody will want to rush out and buy, um that we're we should look at speech recognition rather than r rather than buttons, and that if we have any buttons they should be very few of them and only for those functions that are actually identified that that people use. That um we want to go for uh a long lasting battery that we gua we guarantee for the life of the uh uh the product and a shape that will be instantly recognisable, A_ um as uh a trendy remote control, and and B_ as uh a Real Reaction product. So that w uh when people are uh happy with that, they will they will want to buy uh everything else from us. Uh Okay. So again um, I'll we'll have the three three presentations from the the the three of you and then uh we'll we'll make a a final a final uh decision. Um and the the decisions that we need to to make today, finally, are um what energy source we want to use, whether i it is practical to use uh um a a a long lasting one. And uh I I think our discussion was around the fact that uh if we're gonna go for uh a long lasting power supply, then basically it's uh sealed for life and uh if anybody does manage to run one down, we'll we'll give them another one. And uh it it'll be uh, you know, prominently displayed as part of the th the advertising literature that it's um um, you know, for life, guaranteed for life. Um now the the the internal chip um and uh this is where I need uh uh Kate's expert advice and given that th this has to to go to market as quickly as possible um d d do we go for a custom designed chip? Or or do we buy one off the shelf and and programme it ourselves? Uh I mean I'm I'm I'm n not an expert on these things, but presumably, there must be loads of 'em already on the market that we can modify. But uh that that's uh that's your area of expertise. And then the uh, you know, the the overall design of the case uh is is is Kendra's field and uh we we had some discussions last time as as to uh how we might go forward and we'll we'll finalise those uh da today. Um and thi this is all linked in with the the the user interface, whether we p um go for voice, buttons, or or a bit of both. Uh and then uh, you know, f for the next meeting Kate will be looking at the the the s the look, feel and design, Kendra the uh ho how the the user actually uses it and and Andrew of course the the product evaluation. And uh Kate and Kendra will be producing a a model for us to uh to look at. Uh so, if if we can have the the three presentations again please, and uh um p perhaps you'd like to start uh k. Kate. Oh I'm sorry, oh sorry. Okay, so how um sorry, can you uh just put that one back up again, please? Um. Uh d d d okay, I mean uh inevitably a b a custom design chip is gonna be more expensive. Do we do we know uh by how much? And and do we know how long it'll take to uh develop a a custom chip. Right, okay. Right, I think we need to make a a decision here. Uh given that the company wants this on the market quickly and cheaply, that would appear to uh effectively constrain us to an existing chip and thus therefore conventional button technology. Um uh now before we go round everybody else, does anybody um h have any have anyti ha anything to say about that? Cause uh I must say I find it slightly surprising given that, you know, mobile phones incorporate voice activated dialling. So uh um I mean I d d for slightly different well no, I mean, it's if you you speak somebody's name and it'll dial the number for you, so uh bu I mean the this this information is from is this is the internal company information, is it? So uh Yeah, mm true, again but if it's without any without any uh p price informations that's uh difficult to uh uh decide. Yeah, that's that's right. It's like it's it's you can't 'cause mobile phones are expensive, you can't say it's the voice recognition bit that is. But we don't know. Um. I mean uh I su i I mean if given that the um the technology is not well developed and and given that it's it's never been done before, um th th the double risk, uh perhaps we ought to uh stick to uh to buttons, since the last thing we want to do is present a product that doesn't work. Um. Thoughts? I mean do w do we think that the voice technology is fundamental to the project? I mean I think we Mm. Yeah, I I I I I think that's uh Yeah, yeah. Mm, right, okay. Yeah, it should be Right, okay, so. Fine. Okay. I it will have voice recognition um uh if if that means uh if that means we can't afford buttons but I mean b b second question, do we need the five buttons for channel change, up down, volume up down and on off, just as a a backup or just so that people can uh j j just sit there pressing buttons? Right. Okay. Sorry, d did you want to say anything? No? Okay. Shall we move rapidly on to uh Kendra? Uh um ra rapidly move the cable over. Mm. Oh good. Mm yeah, it'll get there. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm, yeah. Uh-huh. Alright. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Sorry y y yeah, if I can interrupt you. Well d p 'kay, do you wanna say anything about um slide controls? I mean I think the reason everybody uses pushbuttons is that they're they're si simple, cheap and reliable. Okay, fair enough, fine. Yeah. Good, good. Yeah. So three three there's three buttons on a slider. Three buttons, channel up channel up down and Uh-huh. Okay. Um Mm-hmm. This one on the one side and one yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, or yeah uh th th the I mean thi this is what the we have to come up with is the the actual shape that people can ins instantly pick it up and and know know uh know what it's going to do. Okay, so we we're looking at sliders for both a uh volume and channel change of one sort. Just for the volume, uh. Fingers, yeah. I mean it's it's It yeah, I mean it it it seems to me that uh it uh it al also has the advantage that it it the two are clearly different, um that there's no no possibility of uh confusing the two. So okay. Right so uh that's sorry is that that all you want to say at the mo okay, fine. Mm right. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Well I I mean I th I think that what we're suggesting ought to address all three of those. Okay. Uh-huh. Mm I hadn't thought of that, that's different, certainly. What? Yeah. Uh. Uh. Also means you can drop it without damaging it. I I mean it its uh I that's an interesting idea, it's like the old Swatch watch where uh um on only batteries ever got changed in those, 'cause people just bought a new one when it went out of fashion, but it's just never been seen as a a fashion item before. Um that's yes if if if they're made in sufficient quantity W I mean we we can uh uh b but I mean my feeling is that current power sources are such that for relatively little cost you can make it last, you know, a long time. Um but if we also make it cheap enough that people either change the cover every year or even buy a new one every year then it it's it's even better. S Yeah, yeah, I n I know the only p I mean the the the the immediate thing that comes to mind with that is that it it it y you've then got the connection and you've immediately got a sort of unreliability, whereas the advantage of having it plumbed in is that that the whole thing is all, you know, completely soldered together and it it it you know, total reliability, but I mean I d I I uh I know what you're saying and uh understand where you're coming from. I th I s I think if we're gonna go down that route, then we're talking about uh even if it costs slightly more than that, um just building the whole thing in one, then having getting cheaper production costs um and, you know giving people the option of buying a new uh a a complete new thing, the advantage of a replaceable cover is that even if they don't it doesn't have a cover on at all, it will still work um totally. Um then if, you know, if people lose the cover, I mean they they might be well inclined to go out and spend however many Euros on a on a new one um rather than a a complete new re remote. Yeah, I mean it is it's up to it's up to Yeah, it's it's up to our marketing people to to ma to ma turn it into a a fashion item. Um and, you know, as as external fashions change, then we get new new covers on the market and, you know, readily available. And um that's that's right, yeah, yeah. So uh i so uh okay. Um right, sorry. Um we hadn't finished your It's the sort of thing that we want people to have prominent dis displayed on their um coffee table to say this says something about me. Um this is fashionable. I, you know, I'm I'm I'm with it, I'm up to date. And you know, th the the design that I've got, and and it could be a a home-made design, um you know this says this is not just a a television remote control, this is, you know, a fashion accessory. Um, so I mean the the the basic shape i is is what we uh I mean given that we've got you know one one on off button presumably, two buttons for uh channel change and one slider and basically nothing else, um w we need to decide on the just the basic shape of the thing. And, know whether we go down the fruit and veg route, and I don't suggest we make it look like a banana, but um know sort of the the organic, you know, curved look, you know, t to deliberately get away from the uh um uh you know, the the the the square look of most um current uh remotes and, you know, whether whether the you know, the the fixed part of it is the corporate yellow. Um mm or uh 'cause there's certainly you know, the the corporate logo needs to be prominently uh displayed so that people s th looked at it and say right, that's a Real Reaction remote control, I want one of those. Yeah uh the the uh or or b Yeah, I'd I'd um yeah. Uh no I d I I agree, I mean we're we're we're simply it's simply required to incorporate the the the the corporate logo prominently um. Well, th this is this is the whole point, yes, you know, I'm I've got a a Real Reaction uh remote control to go with my Real Reaction coffee maker or or whatever. And uh then people, you know, people demand more Real Reaction stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I've uh yeah. Oh no that well there's the sim my my idea was something a b probably you know a bit fatter than this but sort of tha that sorta shape so that you can just sort of ho hold it. W it I mean well it's sort of it's it's sort of uh a a mouse, but held, you know, so it's you sorta hold it in your hand like that, i with, you know, and fiddling with the buttons. Okay, yeah, yeah. It's a very good point. I think we d I think we decided that w we're actually going down both routes. That um the we n we need the the manual controls and that they should be of that form, but that uh yeah. Then you just bring it up to your mouth and just speak to it, yeah, yeah. I th I th honest uh my personal view is that if it's not there, people wouldn't use it anyway um. It's cer it's certainly possible I mean, but they we we're going beyond w w given the state of the technology we want something that we kno we know will will work um. Uh Yeah. If we we're I mean I'm getting a clear message that we think that we should have those facilities available. Uh uh uh Okay, if we if we're going down that route, then we need some sort of display. Do we need some sort of display? We actually use the television, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Yep. Mm yeah. Okay, we got five minutes to go in this meeting, so um I d I think we've actually very conveniently just uh come to uh a good point to s to sum up um. So um b b Kate and Kendra now go away and uh pa play play with a bit of Plasticine or play-dough, whatever it is on the other side of the Atlantic. Um and actually put what we've discussed into something uh I was gonna say concrete, but that's a slightly inappropriate word um to something that we can we can see and um Andrew n can go away and th th think about how we can uh actually market this as a concept and not j not just a uh um a a simple remote control. Yeah, certainly, of course. I think I think we decided that we're gonna for for simplicity of, you know, manufacturing and uh maintenance that we will go for a a long term battery source um, I you know, on the basis that um that, you know, if we're going for making it a fashion statement, then uh people are more likely to change it anyway uh before i it runs out and um make an assumption that we we can aim for a battery that will last most people for uh we'll say at least five five ten years and that we'll w we will guarantee it for for five years um. We're having a a custom chip, but given the the we've cut the functions down, um that will hopefully not be too problematic, but given that um technol technological innovation is important, then we need to, I'll say it again, technologically innovate. Um and uh we we, know, we must resist any efforts to uh to try and water that down um. I i interchangeable case seems to be um um important to the concept. Um it it should be cheap, you know, if if we avoid any, you know, electrical connections. And uh i you know, i if we can come up with some way of of allowing people to actually personalise it uh to whatever they want, then uh I mean uh uh this is totally new. We d we don't know whether that to what extent people do it or not, but if they've at least got a a good selection of um covers that they can use anyway, and uh and if if we can keep them, you know, rolling, then uh you know, so they can get them in the supermarket when they go down to um a any of the famous supermarkets, I won't mention any mention any names, um it's uh it's good for the supermarket and it's good for us and it hopefully makes them feel better. Um the that I mean that's no, because we've got so few buttons that it that actually makes that redundant. Yeah, yeah. And the you know, that that solves one of the problems of b of battery life, 'cause that would well that would clobber the battery life, so no, I mean given the nature of the buttons we're having, it's actually uh uh unnecessary I think. As uh as wide cer certainly wider angle than than current, so that if you're holding it, you know, anyway like you're likely to and uh it's uh you know, i i it will work most of the time um. Not like my my mum who points it at the ceiling and wonders why the th th the television doesn't work. Um yeah, I mean I d I th I sorta envisaged that if if this was the the thing, then sort of the the whole of the top would be the uh the infrared uh. Um so Yeah, 'cause I mean the r reality is people are they're gonna be looking at the television whilst they're using it, the chances are, so if if they're holding it anyway, the they're reasonably likely to be holding it to use it, then uh then that that's the sort of coverage that we want. Um okay, d we're all clear where we go from here. Okay, so thank you very much indeed and I'll s see you all again in thirty minutes.