Yeah. Oh really? Okay. Well. Uh, we have assembled our prototype, um. What's to be said about it? Um, we took into account a lot of the things that we went over in the last meeting, um. Some of the most important things to consider are that we decided not to go for the touch screen which you can see and opted for some very large buttons for the primary functions, um. This is going to be the on off button and we have these buttons to go through the channels um and then two volume buttons down here, d uh we decided those were the most important uh buttons. And then, for the more advanced uh functions there is a slide out panel here um and you can see that there are lots of other things going on. But this actually can slide back in and provides a very nice aesthetic when it's all put away, um. As far as the uh whole visible light thing, we decided to go with the multiple colours coming out, why not? Of course, if that's annoying for some people that function can be turned off. Um. Go ahead. That's this here. Um I worried about the materials, it is uh the entire thing is covered in a rubber coating so it's very durable uh, it's not gonna break like some types of plastic that's dropped. Um, and of course as you can see and if you touch it it does have that nice squishy feel. Fact, I dunno if you noticed, but I wrote the uh the company's name on the telephone screen, I thought that was kinda nice. This was actually an apple on the inside. This Yeah. We got a bit ahead of ourselves, I know we're not talking about making televisions at this point or anything like that, but Right. Uh we did, yeah. This cost well to put this into um production, we're looking at about what was our goal? It was twelve fifty Euro um and this actually came in at about eleven ninety nine. Um, so I was quite pleased with that. One thing that we didn't do um obviously we had a choice with the buttons whether to use scroll buttons or standard rubber buttons, but we just went for a classic rubber button and um since we did that we didn't have to use as many microchips which was quite nice and that's what helped keep the cost down. So even though it has a lot of modern technology, um for example the voice recognition, in a lot of ways it's just a simple remote and um I think if we shopped around for other manufacturers um we might be able to get even cheaper. And Oh no, we haven't talked about that yet have we? Hmm. Yeah. Any questions? Um, do you wanna answer this one or do you want me to answer it? Yeah, yeah. Um, well as you can see this is just a most superficial layer and um it'd be very easy to put another layer of something else like It's not it's not quite a a face plate, it's more like a pseudo-face plate because it's simple enough that in the factory it could we could very easily put a different one on it, it locks into place such that, you know, it's pretty permanent but at the same time, if we wanna go the other way it's just a matter of a couple of adjustments and we could go the face plate way if you know what I mean. Yeah. Oh. Ooh. Right uh we didn't really touch on that but it it's in there, yep. Yeah, yeah. It's just making use of the same space and the same materials, but Yeah, one big curve I guess you could say. Yeah, mm-hmm. Yeah, special. And s I guess you have to mark special colour and special form as well, don't you? 'Cause it i it is very unconventional, I like to think of it as unconventional. Oh. Huh, doesn't match up does it? How do you feel about that? I mean we could take we could take the battery out of it you see and it'd probably work ninety nine per cent of the time but you're gonna have to set up a call centre for that one per cent of the time when people are calling and saying oh look my remote isn't working what am I gonna do? People'd be real upset. I think in the long-run it's better to keep the battery, it's hard to scrap the whole cell battery idea 'cause that's so integral to the theme that we have. Yeah. Hmm. Right. Right. Yeah. I guess we might have to do that. It's the only way we're gonna get below our uh goal isn't it? Of twelve fifty. Yeah,. Gotta do what you gotta do. Mm. Really good. Six? We did. I am bit disappointed about losing the solar panel but it's okay. Mm. I know. True. Okay. Right so it's just kind of a open mic kind of thing or 'Kay. Yeah. Are we considering these points here? Okay. No. Yeah, it's true. Mm. Definitely. As you write your personal coach. What if you get a response two or three months from now? That'd be weird. Yeah. That's very natural. Yeah. And to prove that we weren't wasteful we didn't waste a single bit of Play-Doh, we used every bit. Yeah, I guess My one my one criticism is that we didn't have enough colours to work with, we only had four, wasn't enough. I know it could have been amazing. Hmm. Yeah it's f kind of fun, it was I think it was pretty clever 'cause we were never able to get too far off track because the information came in at the right time and kind of filled in the gaps enough. At the same time you had enough room to kind of just make things up, which was kind of fun. Yeah. Mm. You know Yeah. Yeah. That was fun. I think the most helpful thing out of everything was getting the the PowerPoint slides already put together for you 'cause if we didn't have that there's no way we could have got all that done in time. It was really good yeah. It's kinda fun. Yeah. Little different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah? You don't. Yeah. Yeah. Wonder why is there anything about the way that we got so much inform what was it that kept us from going to the the board? Yeah, that's it 'cause the mics are loose and each time you get up it's s a possibility of tripping over something or getting tangled or. Yeah, that's it. Usually I would do a lot more doodling too but I didn't because New ideas. Hmm. I guess we're on the right track. No, none. I think they're fine actually. Yeah, maybe a s a circle would be alright, different. Are we back into project mood? Yeah. Yeah. Definitely when when I first filled out the questionnaire I was marking it probably higher in terms of how much I had to how much I stressed over it and then by the time I got to the last one I was like, you know, not very much. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Did you really? I just got blank ones and Me too. I deleted slides. That was pretty cool, it was a high moment of the whole experiment. I think it would fail, I think it'd be a huge disaster, especially if it looks like that. I don't we kind of designed it to look little bit like a face. It's a happy face. Yeah, it's uh I wanna see a Yeah. Hmm. So we have more slides or? Mm. Hmm. I It'd be so cool if we get a copy of the recording. Really. Filler words or? Disfluencies. I find myself hitting the send and receive button on the email a lot, just out of boredom, like c come on gimme something. It is scary. Yeah. It's crazy. So Should. Has it been forty minutes or whatever? this has been long enough. Is that the only song you have? That's awesome. Maybe I have a different one.