Mm-hmm. Sorry. Yep. Okay. Yep. 'Kay. It can be okay, that's okay with me. further. Oops. Why's it not working? F_ eight, right? Okay. Mm why's it in the right? Yeah, it's connecting. okay. Yeah. Actually mm some of my points might overlap with what William's just mention, but basically my method was like uh whatever brainstorming we did in the last meeting, just a couple of valuable points and started developing on that and there might be some missing loops in this thing which I think we'll uh take a feedback from the marketing because um, I haven't had some marketing data and basically every product is marketable. So purpose, as William already said, I would put it to simplify the interaction with T_V_ to make make it as simple as possible. And to summarise I I would say it's it should be user-friendly by being easy to use, rather than having a lot of complex button because you can have an engineering maybe having hundred buttons and maybe having uh a remote control which has the main features like volume control or channel ch changing the channel or whatever. But we are to to make it unique so that people want to buy it, will this two features together. So what the concept is to have a flip-top model. The main functions such as which are like often used will be on the top and the complex functions which say you you can say like the y young generation or trendy generation want to pr say programme their favourite channels or whatever, can be put in the middle part of the f flip-top. So it's like it could be accessed by a wide ra range of uh audience and we can punch in new f features such as uh added features such as shock proof body and maybe a design to appeal to a lot of people. Findings most people prefer us user-friendly rather than complex remote controls because there are times like uh people have used a remote control for say a year or something and they they are not used maybe thirty to forty percent of the buttons so it's not of no use of punching in the uh trying to put in those things in on the top of the remote control and try to confuse the user. As we saw we we have to make a profit also so we we can maybe go for an economies of a higher production mm by fifty million we said? Yeah, with that I think we'll be able to achieve economies of scale also, so we can give in add in more features and make it less costly. Um, that's so this is if you ask me personally, I would make uh flip-top with a trendy uh uh design and s maybe we we should look at also like the buttons whe whether they are like soft or little hard because they are times when the buttons tend to be a bit hard after uh continuous use usage and all that. So in overall a simple and uh user-friendly design. Uh any comments like, if you want? Okay. I think you'll have to You can't It'll have to this can't be pulled. You'll have to push it a bit more. Yep. Yeah this is more than enough. Okay. Yeah I think you can pull it out now. Yeah. 'Kay. That's fine. Okay. Mm-hmm. Anything about that on the market research or something like regarding whether people want a combined something like that? Ten perc Mm-hmm. Okay. Pens Mm-hmm. Okay. So are we talking of a single model or maybe five, six designs? Sure. Alright. Right. The features could be same and the body could look slightly different. So Yeah. Yeah, uh maybe to as uh it it was indicated that uh uh risk uh of uh repeated use, the injuries, maybe a touch screen could be a better option for that. So, a bigger b okay so y you're dividing designs based on not only segment age groups, you're desi uh dividing it according to the countries also, the market. Maybe for U_S_ and all you can have a slightly bigger remote control and maybe in Japan and all you need to have a small, yeah. Mm-hmm. We could focus on the biggest market. If say people between age group of twenty to thirty five are the biggest market? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. I think it will be too much of an effort for a person to for a phone maybe he might walk down the street, but for a remote he will just refer to the manual and all that. Simple. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So are we talking of a concept of a rechargeable something on the remote? Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay. What I was thinking of a design which Nokia h uh came up with almost six or seven years back. Basically we have a flat one it it looks like a box, like a chocolate. That's very strenuous because your thumb is slightly up, so they came up with something like this, curled up, so here, and you don't have to you don't bend your thumb too much, so it's like uh you can say a banana shape kind of thing, curled up like a boat. G uh so what happens is you don't have to press your thumb too down like. So it's already curled up so your thumb doesn't y yeah so we can have a s like you know moulded according to your the way you h hold of it's kind of semi-circular in the bottom, something like that. I wouldn't say exactly semi-circular but yeah smooth. Current. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. We could look in at that but Mm. What we were talking is to make it more rather than like sea-shells, logo could become as you could put a logo in the corner of uh the model, rather than you know, trying to make it like a sea shell or whatever you were ta telling like. A sea shell? Yeah we could look in at that. Yeah maybe we could come at some say five, six des designs and then choose which are whichever appeals the most like, that could be the most common design. But we can like think of five, six designs. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. For detection, right. Yep, I think True. Oops. We should f I think it's time for us to get back to