Okay. Um Um p there we go. 'Kay, I'll just be talking about the components design. And Okay, basically I just uh looked at what exactly do remotes do. Uh basically they wait for you to press a key or give a voice command and then this is translated uh into uh light signals which are then seen by the T_V_. Uh the materials we're gonna need to look at uh the two big ones are the integrated circuit chip and the battery and the in integrated circuit chip uh works in conjunction with a a diode transistor or resonator, uh two more resistors and a capacitor and the battery works in conjunction with a resistor and a capacitor. Um. Uh basically what happens is you'll press a number or give a voice command and this creates a a connection within the the remote that allows the chip the chip then senses this connection and produces a signal in a Morse code format. This signal's sent to the transistor which amplifies it and then sends it on to the light emitting diode and uh which is then trai changed into a infrared light which is sent to the T_V_ and sort of seen by the T_V_ and which uh changes the channels. Um. Oh. Uh cool. Uh so as for how we should end up uh using this in our remote uh t couple of main questions are the buttons. Uh y the fewer buttons you have, I guess the fewer internal connections and internal codes you're gonna need. Um however uh to n not have buttons or to use a voice commands instead of buttons might make these connections more difficult and uh raise the production cost. That's something we should think about. Also we have to work within the company constraints, and the company has informed me via email that uh they're experts at pushbuttons and that seems to be the most uh cost-effective way of producing it. Um also with battery connections the company has some limits on the batteries we can use, so I was thinking perhaps a combination of solar cells with a back-up basic battery and somehow between the combination of that two we might be able to come up with something that uh will last the the lifetime or the five to ten years and we could still keep that original idea. Um we also need to look at the chips, uh v custom-designed versus off the shelf, and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility and enable us to incorporate the voice function that we all uh seem to have agreed upon. Um, however that's gonna cost more, but uh the off the shelf is gonna be uh cheaper and it's gonna be allow us to produce it quicker and get out there faster, but it's going to be less flexible with the features, especially things like uh voice activation, which haven't really been used much on remotes, so there's not really chips out there that would be easy to uh to convert, so if we were uh definitely gonna go with the the voice option we'd probably have to design um our own chip. And that pretty much sums it up. Mm. Oh yep, sorry. Yep. Mm. Um I don't actually have any price information, no. Um it a lot longer than an off the shelf chip. Oh w yeah, we did the the problem is the the the voice technology is not really highly developed, it's sort of still still in an ex experimental form, uh so it would uh it's hard to predict the time. Mm. W just to to incorporate the voice activation in it is is sorta the trick. Once you've got the whole voice chip in there, then it's pretty much the the world the the sky is your limit, but to actually the the big step is to actually get the voice activation chips in there and working. Uh bits of it, yeah. Yes, as well. Mm. Uh it's fundament well I mean I guess it it's something we've discussed uh since the the sort of the beginning, so I th I think in in our in our minds it's it's fundamental, but I don't know that the uh the upper echelons of the company would necessarily agree with that, so I think you have to Hm. Mm. Mm, mm. Mm. No, that sounds good. Mm. Mm. Cool. Um Yeah, I I would say we do, yeah. Uh nope, that was it, that was it. Okay. Yeah, it's thinking about it. Yeah. Mm. Uh Uh I think they're they're about the same cost really. I I mean, I think it's just sort of the the there's a lot of slide buttons out there. I think it's pretty much the same sort of connection. Mm yeah. Mm. Mm. Ye yeah, 'cause I've definitely picked up remotes and like meant to change the channel and turn the volume, or vice versa, so it'd be kinda good to have them be feel completely different. You'd know what you were fiddling with. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah, 'cause if yeah, in that kinda position the fingers would be better for pressing and the that for rolling, just the way it would Mm yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Well that can kinda tie into our changing uh face things, like we could have the fruit and vegetable theme this year and uh whatever happens next year, we can have the face plates, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm, yeah, that weird I dunno what that is, but yeah. Mm. Uh, yeah, it's good as well. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. I I think it's easier sometimes to have them buy changeable covers for it than to buy a whole new one, because you don't feel like you're investing in a whole new product. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Oh yeah. I like that. That all c also kind of encourages 'em to buy new covers and yeah. Um. Uh yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Well that that's just it with the covers, you're sort of tricking 'em into continuing to spend their money on our products without making 'em feel like they're being ripped off having to buy a new product. So, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm, yeah. Mm. And that's the sort of thing, once you get the mould set, you can just whip out different colours, different pictures very very quickly. Yeah, yeah, exactly, exactly. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. I dunno that we should make the whole thing yellow I kinda thought with a you'd have like a yellow circle with the R_R_ in it somewhere on it, but I'd yellow seems a bit of a strong colour to make the ent like the thing no, but I mean just like white or grey or black or some sort of blah colour. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, you'd want it narrower than a mouse though 'cause it a mouse you're kinda just resting on it, you want something you can definitely grip. So maybe it'd be Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and fiddle around with it and press it. Maybe almost like a hairbrush, like you could get the about the width of that end of the pen and then it widens up top and you can fiddle an yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But do you know, this shape also kind of les lend itself to to voice 'cause if you're you're holding it and you're fiddling, but you can also bring it up like that and it's microphone-esque, yeah, yeah. Mm. Bu Mm. Well you can still i incorporate the voice with with less buttons. I mean uh if the power button was also somehow like a menu button you could press that and or do voice commands, and either volume thing could also be to scroll through other options like y and you could scroll through brightness and and sc and then you can you can minimise the buttons and still have those, you know, brightness and tint and stuff. Yeah Yeah. But the television would be the display that things like that usually c pop up on a televi like you hit menu and menu will come up on television and have like tint brightness, and you'd use the scroll, scroll through it yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's true. I never understood how that worked though, but yeah. Yeah, mm. Mm, oka yeah. Yeah. Cool. Play with play-dough. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm, does actually, yeah, yeah. Mm different to feel, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm. Mm. Yep, sounds good. 'Kay. 'Kay.