Right it was function F_ eight or something. This one right there. Okay. Think we all Huh. Oh I thought we all were. Yeah, I have one too, okay. S Whoops I forgot to put the thing on Okay. Yeah. Sure, that's a good idea. Uh Gabriel. E_L_. Think she's finishing up her presentation. Oh. Yeah, alternate energy source, like win wind power or Bicycle power. One question I have, and I don't know how much control we have over this is um, as far as the infra-red signal, do we have control over, you know, how far away you can be from the receiving unit, the the T_V_, and still have it be operational? I mean, maybe we want one with a strong signal stream. Uh That's true. Okay. Uh I'm just gonna use the PowerPoint uh. Technical. Okay. Okay, so, while this is warming up, there it is uh. So I'm doing the user interface design. Yeah, and basically uh, as far as methods, I was I was looking looking at looking at uh already existing remotes, trying to find some inspiration from designs that are already out there. Thinking of what we can retain, what we can do away with, uh what we what we can perfect a little bit as far as design um. we don't want to do something that's too radical of a change, I guess, I mean people want a remote that's familiar, that has their favourite functionalities um and and does the basics, but Um so we can improve what's out there and maintain that, the basic functionality that people want. Um so things that seem like absolute must-haves uh would be a volume control, um so up-down keys for that, uh channel keys up-down, but then also a numerical key pad so that they can just key directly to the channel that they want, rather than doing up-down, and uh a mute button. Uh one thing that I didn't include here, that I forgot that we talked about last time, was doing um some sort of lock uh function. Uh, I don't I dunno, uh that's one possibility. And so in the research that I was doing there's basically two types of remotes, ones that are engineering centred and ones that are more user centred, which I don't know if I can access the web page from here, but I can show you uh. Yeah. So this is a engineer centred one, so you see it's rather busy, but it also lets you play your movie, stop your movie, fast-forward, all this, um freeze frame. Uh and this is a user centred one. Uh it's it's easier to g just glance at this and see what's possible to do, you're not gonna be staring at it for five minutes. And I judging from what what we all talked about during our last meeting I kind of gathered that that's what we were going after, uh or the direction we were going in at least. Um. So, the engineering centred ones uh provide a lot of functionality, but it can be a little bit overwhelming, so the user centred ones just focus on ease of use. Uh and this sort of overlaps with what the marketing person uh, Reissa, because uh we we need to find out what what people want before we make firm decisions on this. So uh, yeah, that's me. No that that that seemed like a novel idea as f as far as I know. I mean obviously another exists like you like you said in in mobile phones. That was sort of the inspiration for it. Um I've never seen that with in in all my years in in the remote business. I've, haven't I've never seen a locking functionality. I dunno, what uh do you guys have a a yea or nay on that a feeling about whether that's really necessary? Yeah. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Right. Mm. Right. And our motto is is we put the fashion in electronics. I think I think we have to carry that mental. Mm. Well yeah these, I think, we can so we talked about the layout in my presentation and what I didn't mention yet really is is the sort of like the ergonomic design. I t I think we can make big improvements over these two that you see here, I mean. Uh, everything is going t ergonomic, you know, there's you know mice for your computers that are very ergonomic and keyboards and that could be one of our niches p sort of uh uh in the market, I guess. Um.. Yeah. Uh, yeah, this is getting all. Mm. Yeah, then you just have to do function F_ eight and it should come up. Yeah, it just takes a second uh. Yeah, you wanna navigate the channels quickly I guess. Mm. No I would I would say the older the older people, yeah. Yeah, that would be my guess as well. What about just from the the prospective of our manufacturing cost? I mean if if it's twelve fifty per unit. I mean, okay, there's Uh. Repetitive strain uh rep repetitive strain injury or like from doing Mm. Mm. Yeah, we should probably consult with our legal department uh. Yeah. I think we can do some really in in that department, the the ergonomic department, we can make some some really good improvements. Mm. Yeah, it seems like we're all on the pretty much on the same page. Oh it's probably just you, 'cause you're the project manager. Sell trying to sell your things. Okay. No I don't. I Uh Oh, it's just participant one oh okay. Yeah. Well it's just w it's just it's just par participant one, participant two. So are we headed towards like a b a big yellow and black remote as far as maybe that's our next meeting that we discuss that. Well, it's like white on i white and blue on a black background with white with yellow borders. Maybe that's like getting ahead of ourselves. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. And this is something that came on down from from the higher ups, so, I mean, we are sort of beholden to them. Not one colour, but the pattern needs to be recognisable.. Yeah, pretty soon I think, I guess that's now. Alright, see you all soon.