We have a I guess we have a presentation each, 'cause I've got one. Um. Mm-hmm. Uh we didn't, no. I d I didn't personally. Okay that's fine. I'll just um I'll grab the wire out the back of this one. I'm not quite sure how it Control Doesn't seem to be quite working at the moment. Alt function F_ eight. Again not doing anything. Oh. pressed about five times now. Okay, that's me. Okay, um I have to go again. Hopefully that should be it this time. Okay, I think we're there. That's good. Okay, um Okay I'm gonna be looking at the working design. Um of the of the remote control. Um I've just got three sections, first is the research I made on the on the remote control itself um. And then that involves the components required in it and the systems uh design of the actual the actual remote. Um so having researched the existing models within the market, um I found my research off the internet. Um I've established what the components required for the remote control to function, actually are. And then also the methods in which these components interact together for the remote to actually do what you want it to do and how it connects with the television. Um the basic components are an energy source which I guess um in most existing models would be a battery supply. Whether that'll be sort of two batteries, four batteries, um it may vary. We then have the user interface, which is basically the like the the buttons on the actual remote. Um the various functions used for changing channel, uh channel up and down, volume, things like that. Um there's also a chip inside the remote which does all the computer type things. And then the sender, which um is usually, I've found, an infra-red device which sends a signal to the actual television. Um and the last part is receiver which is important in the system but is not actually part of the remote itself, because that's obviously found in the television.. Um I'm gonna have to actually draw on the board because uh it was a little tricky on PowerPoint to get this working, so. I'll just go through there. S um um do we have a cloth to wipe this down with, or? Oh I'll j Oh I see. Oh okay. I'll get rid of the bear Okay that's great. Okay, so we start off with a um battery suppl Uh no, a power supply which we'd probably get it's probably gonna be the battery. Um we then have a particular button, which may be that's obviously there's lots and lots of different buttons. Um but this is how the basic system works. Um that sends after you press that that sends the message to the chip, which um then sends It sort of interprets which button you've pressed and then sends the appropriate message to the sender. Um. So that's. That's the remote in itself, that's the components of the remote and how they work together. So this is the uh user interface. Um this is the chip itself, which then, and that's the that's the infra-red sender. And then on the separate thing we have on the on the television we have a a receiver. And the sender sends a message to the receiver. 'Kay. Ah yes, that's the power source. Um. going on to personal preferences, I've said that battery seems the best option for the actual remote, just because of the size. You don't want a a cable attached to the remote otherwise it's not it's not really a remote. Um and then the sender, and infra-red um has been used quite successfully. If the battery's on reasonable power, they always seem to work fairly well. You don't have to be point directly at the television itself. Um Yes. 'Kay and that's it for the moment. Would you be able to get rid of the the extra buttons here, the the sort of circular section, because that seems to be for a video as well. So we could dispense with that little bit as well and just get it down to just the numbers and the volume. Possibly? J yeah yeah yeah j yeah just this little bit is that I think that's still um a video remote part, so maybe we could get rid of that as well. It's just people are used to seeing that, so if we didn't have them then they might think it's Hmm. Okay, yeah. I suppose with nine you've got the the like the last one which makes the tenth means you uh it's like uh multiples you can put them together so you can make any number. So with that we'd kind of by-pass any problems with Yeah. Yeah. 'Cause that facilitates having all the numbers you could ever need. Um. So we could get it down to what? So we get to How many buttons have we got? We've just got ten, eleven twelve th We got fourteen that we need. I guess. Um which isn't really too many. That'll be quite easy to make a user guide for a fourteen button remote. 'Kay. 'Kay. Ah yes yes, that seems good. I think if you just give it a second to maybe catch up. I'm sure we'll have by the end of today. Mm. No what I maybe think is um it seems the technology would be quite advanced for that and they might end up costing more than our twelve fifty budget for for the speech recognition. Um. And possibly the thing about the about the remote being lost we could have You know with your mobile phone, you lose that and you can ring it. Maybe we can have some kind of sensor which is kept somewhere where you can some kind of buzzer system between the two. So you can press a button which is always kept in one place and then it maybe buzzes to somewhere else, wherever the remote actually is. That is true, yes. Hmm. So I guess it'd be something we could like attach to the or like the same technology could be put inside the inside the remote. Yeah. Yeah if we if we could have it in the actual remote like everything in one one device. you could have an option to turn it off. Or Perhaps, um. So that would solve the problems with the T_V_ kind of speaking to the remote and changing its own channels. Mm. 'Kay. Yes. Has to be simple enough to I suppose if we could get something in which was quite quick and simple that would give us an advantage over the other remotes. Um. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Yes. Um. Yes that seems right. Mm-hmm. Okay. Maybe we should concentrate just on the whistle back function at the moment, and if something comes back I'd go more Yeah, f more for clap. Did we decide on having the ten um the ten numbers and then the the little digit next to it which kind of enabled you to put them together. Okay, ten numbers and then some kind of device to allow uh I'll put delay to allow um multiple numbers. Or multiple digits. Did we decide anything about um the other functions? As in setting the audio and tuning it and stuff like that? You had an had an idea about the menu? But just thinking um people probably I mean you don't have you only have to probably tune in the T_V_ once, but you have to be able to tune it that once. So and if finally the T_V_ breaks, you get a new one, you're gonna have to be able to tune it. You can't really avoid that. Except the new digital markets which do it by themselves. So that'll be in Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. So how would this menu function work? Would you maybe have like one menu button, then you'd use the other buttons, maybe the number buttons to actually do the separate functions. Okay. we're gonna have the the individual numbers and then a menu function and maybe sort of a slightly more advanced um instruction booklet to come with it, to guide Presu uh I think it'd be quite hard just for people to grasp um just off like the menu use different buttons you maybe have to have like some better instructions of how that would actually work. Right, okay um. that also goes back to the original design when we saw those two, and there was the one on the left hand side which had all like the double functions and stuff which kind of looked too busy and had too much on it, so. That is that is a good idea actually. Sor sort of a second. Okay. Uh not quite, but I guess. Keep the other buttons but hide them away. So So um we're gonna have to have to work out what's gonna be on these other functions as as well. So we're gonna have like two separate two separate lists, I guess. So sh Should we decide in the next couple of minutes, and then So on the about the number. Um the volume up and down. Shall we have a mute button as well? A mute button as well. Yeah. Or But then they might not buy it if they haven't got one. 'Cause people might just be too fickle and not want to change. We can send out a flier with the device saying that you shouldn't leave it on stand-by. I think you probably should. Um are we gonna have the channel up and down as well as the number buttons? Okay, so we'll have um So we've got ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen there? Is there anything else? Um. Maybe if we're gonna run out of time, one of us should come up with a list of these and then get back at the next meeting just at the start and say what they're gonna be. So tuner up and down, I guess. Um up Tune one way, tune the o I I dunno I dunno possibly. Oh yeah and th and a enter button just to select. Yeah, okay. Um I guess we're keeping s it simple. We don't really need any other audio funct uh functions because it's just volume up, volume down. Um. Do they have their own do they have their own controls on their actual products, then, or do you have to do it via the remote? Yeah I suppose if we've got their if they've got their own controls then we can avoid it for ours just to keep it simple. Oh, okay. Right. Um. Maybe unless something comes up then we should I think Well shall we look into that and just get back together. 'Kay.