Right uh. So um. So where's the PowerPoint presentation? Sorry? Microsoft PowerPoint, right. Right, okay. So. Right. Okay, so we've got uh so we've got new project requirements. Um. So basically we've got three things, and we've got forty minutes in which to uh for this meeting to uh to discuss the various options. Um. Three presentations. I see, right. That's nice to know, one from each of you. Um new project requirements. Um so do we want to do the presentation first, or do we want to um W I I got um or or three things basically, um relating to the remote being only for T_V_. We discussed that last time and in actual fact that was pr pretty well what we came up with anyway. So in fact it actually f we won't be forestalled in a sense. Um we've got uh teletext outdated. Um did you get any information on that? Right and the corporate image was the uh final thing. So I I got that in email form. Um. Right okay. So I guess if we go ahead with the uh with the three presentations. So we'll start with yourself on the basis that uh Sorry, yep. Oh. it going? Okay. Uh there's the rubber on the right, I think. it's magic. So the the top bit's the power source, yes?. So the battery is the in the sender. Okay. So, now more design. That's what we like to hear. Is it control function ei Oh, th there you go. Well there's a couple of things there. Um we have to remember that we have our own um logo and colour scheme. So basically we'd have to uh we'd have to be putting that on um the the product. I haven't as yet, no. But uh I got uh I got an email that basically said to uh make sure that uh whatever device we come up with at the end of the day had to incorporate um the corporate colour and slogan. So uh I'm guessing that uh uh I notice on the bottom there it's got uh what's that? A_P_O_G_E_E_ that might be the corporate colour scheme, although the only the only colour I can see in that is the red. Well b uh w Well th the on the Well uh for for general television purposes obviously you have channels one to five at this point in time, and we'd have to have some room for uh future such channels. But but But, well possibly but the the other thing is that with um the current expansion of uh channels uh in the process of taking place, certainly the button up and down, but uh I mean how many channels do we have to um actual television channels do we have to uh prepare for? I would have thought that uh it's forever expanding and at the moment we've got although you've onl you've got the five standard, you've got the B_B_C_ have come up with a further six and uh there's uh I don't know exactly how many channels there are on uh when you take into account uh Sky and various other um various others. So I would've thought that we wouldn't, you know, rather Okay, if the time of flicking from one to other, but presumably it'll take a second 'cause you have to be able to stop it. Maybe you could have a fast forward on the on the channels that w and then you could dispense with more otherwise. Y you'd want you'd want to get fairly quickly to the channel that you wanted. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I s I suppose in a sense you could have um if you've got a hundred channels then if you had sort of an easy way of getting rather than having to go one to a hundred, you could go one to one to ten, ten to twenty and then have a second button to get you to the actual channel you want and that would cut down your time. Anyway. Whatever. Okay. Okay. Limit the number of buttons, user friendly. Yeah. Well that's true, yeah, you could get fifty by five and a zero or whatever, that that makes sense. Yeah. Does. So w so what was the circular thing that you were If it's just for T_V_, which is what it is at the moment. Mm-hmm. Well we've we've got um that it's remote for T_V_ only otherwise project would become too complex with uh which would endanger the time to market was one of the considerations. I'm I don't know d did you have that information behind the marketing, or was I meant to give you that information? Right. Right, okay, so basically time to market seems to be important, therefore speed of delivery. We've only got about another four hours left. Yeah, I think she said twenty seconds to um What was that last wee bit there? Speech recognition, right okay. But that was only for young people that preferred it, older people didn't. Well that's right. Sounds reasonable. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So Well if you're trying to avoid having a second product 'cause obviously you could have a second product that gave you the right pitch which would set the remote off to say here I am sort of thing, you know without sound recognition. But if you I know. Um I was gonna say a sharp noise, you know a clapping of hand or whatever. You'd want to try and av just have the one product that if Yeah. Um I dunno um talking about vo I mean obviously if you've got voice recognition then you can do it in that way because it'll recognise the voice and you can give it a command, a set command whatever that happened to be. But you've then got the point if if you're not going with uh voice recognition then Mm. So uh Any sugges Well, any conclusions? Well if it does then we can't. It's that simple, because we've got uh th th three um primary um uh requisites from uh from and email uh that was sent to me whereby we had The design logo was one, which we've already mentioned. We've got um the remote was only for the television and not for because that would make it too complex and we have to get it market quickly. And the uh third thing was that um teletext uh as far as uh the management is concerned, um is becoming dated uh due to the popularity of the internet. So that means that uh so these are the sort of three um extra parameters that have been put on this uh project. So we're being focused effectively directly at a television and it seems to me that the management is uh wanting us to go down a narrow path and not opening out. So anything that uh is to be added, such as voice recognition et cetera has to be very simple and has to be very quick because time to market is is critical. S It would. But probably quick and simple is primary rather than added extras. Added extras would be nice, but the primary consideration is to get the project finished within uh this short time window, which effectively now is sort of four hours. So and if and we've gotta get to the end. Uh d d I think I think first and foremost we've gotta get to the end and then get to the end with um added extras if possible. Okay. Right okay, uh so I need to Right. So I don't know how long we have left of our uh time. But we have to make the decisions on uh the remote control functions and how we were planning to proceed so that at the next uh meeting each person that's got a a a task to do is clear from this meeting what that task is. We'll also know w when the next meeting is I um so we'll know how long we've got to complete that task. And then we can report back at the next meeting and say right okay yes, we've achieved this or we haven't achieved this, this is how far we've progressed. Does that make reasonable sense? So we have to come effectively to the decision on the remote functions so that you can decide what you're gonna be doing. And if dur between the time of this meeting finishing and the next meeting starting, if you get any additional information that uh only you have at that point in time you'd think would be relevant to other people in terms of their des decision making um process, then we should communicate that as quickly as possible and not wait until the next meeting. Do it via the email so that rather than coming you know If you get the information just before the next meeting that's fine. Come along with it in the next meeting, we can discuss it then and take whatever action is appropriate. But if you get it well before the next meeting, let everybody else know 'cause that might have an impact on their uh on what they come up with effectively at the next meeting. Okay. Right, is there I would guess so. Yep. I w well uh i Something simple. Uh if if our primary consideration is to get it there in time, time's short, you want something to meet the major concerns of the consumer so that we can have that as a selling point for the product, something that's quick and simple. So, sounds good. Well, so maybe a clap rather than a whistle would be On the basis that if we've got if we're catering to the whole age range, you want something that's easy to do, now something that doesn't like whis uh Well I I I don't know. Well If you think that more people can whistle than clap then that's fine, then go for that option, but if I would have thought that more people could clap rather than whistle, so uh so clap option. Okay. Uh. Ef effectively that's what the that's what they're saying, that uh if uh if people are now using the internet then you don't need teletext, so so take out teletext. Yeah. No. But the but that's relying on the television market changing to an automatic and if it is at the moment, that's fine. But at the moment it's not, so it seems to me that you have to have a device that caters, 'cause otherwise it would make it uh your device would become inoperable, or only operable in certain circumstances and the idea is to have an international market which is And it's also m it's the the product we've got is something that's at the I would have said the lower end of the s of the cost scale, so we're not really going for something that's uh terribly high-tech. Possibly. That's right. Okay, well. Mm. So y Ah That's a very good idea. So you keep um Right we've got five minutes before we wind up this meeting, so I've been told. I don't know if you've got the same. Okay. So so keep um keep detailed functions um hidden at the back. Ah. Mm-hmm. That's right. data functions hidden at back. Can bring out when needed. That's right so we're dis So you've got which ones are gonna be on the front and which ones are gonna be on the back. We have to decide. I guess so. So on front, numbers, volume. Sorry? Mm. Mm-hmm. So so are you having the stand-by on the front, then? Well. Channel up and down. What else have we got? What was that, sixteen? Volume button. How many volumes? Right okay. Power button, stand-by, channel, up and down. So is that it? Okay. That's sixteen buttons, you reckon. And then at the back? Okay. So on the back it'll have brightness, contrast, anything else? You're also gonna have the channel tuner, as it were. Tuner, would that have up and down?. okay. Okay. Um up volume, yeah, I would have thought so. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well you might get some research. Okay. Right so I'll do the minutes of uh this meeting. And we'll meet back at I'm not sure. Um forty minutes, I believe is the time. Come on.