Mm shall we go in the order that you just did it? I dunno. How do I hook my screen up? Where does it go? Mm-hmm. Hmm, I'm not supposed to move this, but Where's function? No signal. Ah, wait, 's screw in. Push the screw. Mm alright I've never attached to anything. Alright, so, I don't know if you guys are able to get access to um the report that was online or if I'm the only one who is. But, I don't even know how to play this. No. Alright. So we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked. Um I guess Real Reaction did some market research. They had a hundred subjects and their usability lab and they watched them watch T_V_ and recorded the frequency that they used particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had. What they found was they analysed people's desires and needs. Focusing on their desires, um people specifically said that they thought remotes were ugly, seventy five per cent of the a hundred subjects noted that and that they more importantly though, eighty per cent said that they would be willing to pay more for a fancier looking remote. I don't know anything beyond what fancy means, but that's particularly of use to us, I think. Um also they did some questions on voice recognition and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age, so younger people were more inclined to want something with voice recognition, whereas the older people in the like sixty and above segment or so did not really think that they would pay more money for voice recognitions. Um people also had certain frustrations, that I think that we could try to take into consideration with our design. That being people k um frustrated with losing their remotes. I think, over fifty percent of the people mentioned that that was their biggest frustration. People are also frustrated with the difficulty it is to learn how to use a remote and I think that ties back to what you were saying before just that there's too many buttons, it just needs to be easy to use. It also mentioned something called R_S_I_ and I was hoping someone might be able to inform me as to what R_S_I_ is, because I don't know. What? Ah. There we go. Wow. People do not like that. So I guess sort of the carpal tunnel type thing, people do not like that, um the repetitive use, I guess, caused a strain. Um looking at the needs people specified, the problem right now is that people's remotes are not matching their operating behaviour. People are only using ten per cent of the buttons that they have offered to them on their remote. And what people do most often is changing the channel and changing the volume. People also zap like to change the channel, about um sixty five per cent during an hour of use. So we really just need to focus in on those volumes and channel changers rather than things like the audio settings, the screen settings and the channel settings, because they're used much more infrequently and probably just complicate what's going on. So I think that some things that we might wanna think about, the idea of an L_C_D_ screen was brought up although they didn't have any details on what people's preferences on that were, so I dunno know if that's coming to me later, or something like that. But something for us to consider also just the phenomenon that less is more when it comes to the buttons on the remote or what we wanna make easiest to use, make sure that, you know, something like an audio setting isn't given as much importance and visibility on the remote as something like channel changing that's used a lot more often. And basically in order for us to win over to the consumer we just need to focus on what it looks like, that it has a fancy appeal and that it's not ugly and that it feels like the way they're gonna use it, so it doesn't give them any hand injuries or things like that. Hmm. Yeah, have I unscrewed it? Here we go. Mm-hmm. And I think that's in the shared, if I did it right, if anyone wants to look at it. No. A fashion fashion remote. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So wait, did it let you go on the Internet or was that just what it let you see? Okay. 'Cause I was like googling and then I'm like wait it won't let me google. Yeah, that's a good one it'll stick with you. What's teletext? Oh. Oh, so Mm-hmm. Oh. That explains a lot. That's good. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, I do think, who's gonna have the money to buy that also, that one? The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation and basically there's a big jump, after thirty five people don't really care if it has voice, so it's like basically fifteen to thirty five that think that that's a good idea. I dunno I'm gonna be given any other numbers broken down in terms of age later, but if that's sort of the only quality that we have that is divided into age then we would wanna stick between the fifteen and thirty five range. But what else are we gonna put, I mean not that I'm really gung-ho about it, I don't know what else you can put in a remote to make it technologically advanced though. So like other than just making it look good, how is it I mean it can look really great and still have the same up-n-down buttons and why's anyone gonna buy a new remote? Mm-hmm. If someone's looking to buy a new remote, don't they want like an upgrade? I dunno. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Can you like I mean this may be too complicated, but, I wish I had something to explain it, like if it was just a simple, either this way or this way, that had like the main buttons and then you could like pull something out, kind of and like you got the rest the buttons, but the rest of them like went in. Do you know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. 'Cause then 's like people who don't wanna ever look at them, never even have to see them and if you like get the instruction manual that comes with it and you just don't even read it then you'll never even know that those things can pull out. And you're a happy person and everyone else doesn't have to have like two remotes, one that has the easy ones and one that has more complicated ones, but 's all still in one. Yeah. I think simplicity, fashion. Mm-hmm. What can you do to like make the infra-red more functional, like why would it not be? I'm just wondering. Okay. So 's just the quality of the chip. Okay. Well, I dunno how useful that number is if we're not doing Yeah. Yeah. I don't. And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice, like you know what I mean and then it's like you wouldn't need a remote you'd just talk to your T_V_. Mm yeah. Maybe I mean if I get m more numbers, I'll e-mail you before the next meeting in terms of ages. But this doesn't divide up anything and there was only a hundred subjects also, which isn't, I mean, really isn't that representative, especially if it's a hundred subjects that th they then can subdivide into age groups that means there's very few in each age group, so Twenty to like fifty five. I dunno. Well maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age, maybe we can define it by like the demographic of like h t how much money they have to spend or something like that, like, well obviously it has to be someone who owns a television, and like how recently have they bought their television like that sort of thing. Yeah. H I mean, like I said before, fifty per cent of of the fru f like frustration someone can have that was the biggest one and half the people said that happened and we all mentioned it before we knew about it. And if we're talking about making something easy that sort of goes along with it so it wouldn't be like a random thing to sort of add in. It would be relevant to like the overall goal I think, so Hmm. on your coffee table, it's not like an eye sore, that kind of thing. Yeah. So you never have to change the battery. Mm. It's good. Did you um were you able to like put yours in the group folder? Okay. Yep. Where is that? Yours is I only have three, I just have like our three. Yeah. No, but that's 'cause I think yours is in the e-mail separate, like it's not on the server. But if I open it and then save it, probably will be there. Oh wait, never mind you can't save it to the Okay.