Bless you. Yeah. Um, can I do next? 'Cause I have to say something about the material which is quite shocking. Ha. Mm. Right, um, I have been searching the current trends, um, both on the web and via fashion-watchers, and the findings are that the first thing to aim for is a fashion uh, fancy look and feel. Um. Next comes technologic technology and the innovations to do with that. And th last thing is the easy to use um factor. Um, fancy look and feel goes far beyond the functionality of the thing, but I suppose that is included in in the ease of use. Um, our fashion-watchers in Milan and Paris have decided, well noticed, that f the fruit and vegetable theme is the is the current trend and and therefore um we need to go for that if we want, you know, wh whatever our motto is. Um. For fashion, we go for fashion. The fashion in electronics. So we want to put the fashion electronics, we need to go fruit and vegetables. And also go for a spongy feel, so the the question of our technology whate is Industrial Designer. As to the material should be limited to I don't know how spongy it can be, should discuss this together, I don't know how spongy can be achieved but apparently that's the way to go. Um. I I have been thinking about this fruit and vegetable thing and I prefer fruits to vegetables, but that's just a personal opinion. I think I think people like to have a fruit instead of a vegetables in their sitting room. Uh those are just suggestions and also we need to decide whether this should be printed, so that still has to do with the material discuss should we print the fruit stuff, or should the actual remote look like a fruit? Um, and finally again with the spongy. It has to be technologically innovative so maybe again our Industrial Designer should look into that or find come up with a solution that's better than mine. Um, yeah, to summarise these are the points that need to be um, touched in order to get a good decision, and hopefully our User Interface has more to say about the matter. Thank you for your attention. Neither was I. Well it's a trend in fashion, in clothing and um fabrics. But the screen can come up on the telly, the she said. That correct? Graphical interface? Uh on the you can have it on the telly though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Look it even has settings. On the you can just take theirs and just Yeah but should be comfortable. Yeah I use it like that. Yeah. Uh. Well you can have it on the settings, no? They already do it. No. But also if you have it on the screen you can actually write everything out, because the problem with buttons is you like, they have these sort of abbreviations and codes that you're supposed to understand, and I never get it. Never ever. So Well on the telly. Mm. Did you did you get that pc picture on did they provide you with that picture on the web? That's quite interesting. What are we going to do about this vegetable thing that I'm dreading? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just nice feel, but I hate spongy. Well it could be like mobiles that just you just put a cover. If it's a small thing, you c instead of creating an object for it that looks like a banana, which frankly I'm not particularly fond of, um you could just have covers and then your mobile f it's like a mobile phone thing. You know you had there was a time when they had all these different covers for mobiles. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And it could the colour can fit your sitting room, so if you have red sitting room you can have strawberry, and then if you have a green one you can have well I don't know. Um. Yeah. Maybe a ball. Know, a squashy ball. A relaxing squashy ball. That you can p well I see you're thinking, it's weird, you're thinking the opposite of me 'cause you're thinking you change the the hard bit and I'm thinking how do you change the hard would you put a um sticker sort of? Because I was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit, like a Oh, okay, yeah. Yeah I was thinking of getting a cover for Which is cheaper. Well I don't know if it's cheaper actually. Yeah. So it wouldn't be very big in either like how big? This big, and then you just do that, I suppose. Well just a li I can't des like condom thingy, like a a cover. But well the question is, which one's easiest to change and we can just contact our relevant department for that, and just see what the cost is for covering that or covering that, and for now we can do two prototypes maybe and then hi try and ask users what the best is, and No. Um. That's nicer. I think it's nicer to have a drawing 'cause it's neater. Um. If it's a bit like those juggling balls, you can change shape according to your to the way you hold it. If it's got sand in it maybe, or something, you it it just moulds to your hand. We we don't know. Yeah. And the rest is the company the company colour's silver? Okay. Mm-hmm. Should also fit the batteries, which we haven't Okay. Mm-hmm. No but it does it automatically. Does it automatically? I don't know. Okay. Oh, a dynamo is ah, it's a bicycle. It's a bicycle mechanism. It's the en it's like if if something moves, when it moves, it stores energy. It's quite sweet. No. But dynamo the the fact with dynamo is, the moment you move it, it c it creates energy on its own. Which is quite cool. So if you throw it, it's gonna store loads of energy, and you don't need to buy a battery 'cause they're quite f I find them annoying. But we need to find cost. Don't know the cost. Does anyone have costs on the on the web? Okay. Right. Mm. Oh, thank you. I it's strange because