Yep. Soon as I get this. Okay. This is our last meeting. Um I'll go ahead and go through the minutes from the previous meeting. Uh and then we'll have a, the prototype presentation. Um then we will um do an evaluation. Uh or we'll see what, what we need to have under the criteria for the evaluation. Then we'll go through the finance and see if we fall within the budget. Um then we'll do the evaluation, and then we can finish up after that with um any changes that we'll need to make, or hopefully everything will fall right in line. Um let's see, minutes from the last meeting. Um we looked at uh the the trends. We had uh the fashion trends that people want a fancy look-and-feel. It was twice as important as anything else. Um they liked fruit and vegetables in the new styles. Um and a spongy feel. So we were talking about trying to incorporate those into our prototype. Um they wanted limited buttons and simplicity. Um then we looked at the uh the method for coming up with our own remote. Um looking at other other devices. Um the iPod, we really liked the look of that. Um we also had uh the kid's remote for a simple idea. Um a two part remote, which was what were were originally looking at. Uh and then um there was talk of spee uh speech recognition um becoming more uh predominant and easier to use. But I think we've still decided not to go with that. Then we looked at the components um the materials for the case, the different energy sources, the different types of chips, um and made a decision on what we were going to use to make our remote. Um and basically how, what were making for the prototype. So I'm going to leave it at that and let you guys take over. The prototype yeah. Do you need a this? Okay. Very nice. Mm-hmm. What but what's that button? Uh, 'kay. 'Kay. Would you like to uh Well done. Well luckily we are going to find out. Or not luckily. Um do you have a marketing presentation for us. I think it's definitely different than anything else out there. So if they think that what is out there is ugly, then yes I would say, I would say most definitely. It's bright. It still has your traditional black. Yep, not angular. Mm. Yep. Yeah something more modern to go a a modern colour to go with the modern form. Yeah. I would say four. Very non-committal, four. Yeah. Mm-hmm. S scrolling through and selecting a few. I think that's a one. So if we incorporate speech recognition into it then it could And it is quite bright and Uh Yeah. But if we do go with the, with the speech recognition, then it, then our scale goes up quite a bit I think. Probably two. You know. If we eliminate the fact that you know it's impossible to guarantee that it's not gonna be lost then I'd say two. With the speech recognition, which of course may be changed depending on budget. Which, which may be cheaper than speech recognition if it were just a Some sort of proximity Pray that you don't accidentally lose that piece. Okay. Two. It's But there's not a lot of yellow, there's not a lotta yellow. Course that wasn't really we were kinda forced to take that colour. I don't know that we are that innovative, to tell you the truth. If we added the screaming factor then we go up. Um I would say we're probably at four. We have some spongy, yeah. No. Yeah. Because it's only got what, these parts are the grips and perhaps the back side the bottom the underneath on the back. Probably a four at most. Possibly even a five. If your fashion is b is Carmen Miranda, you betcha. It's true. Seven is Two point two point four? Something. And what what is the acceptable criteria? Is there like a scale that we have to hit? Alright then. Okay. Well, let's see. Now we get to do the budget numbers. You didn't know that you were gonna have a budget. But we do. Okay. So I have here an Yeah. We want a fifty percent profit on this. Oh you can't really see that very well. Twelve and a half Euros is what supposed to cost us. Okay, so Well let's see. The f the Wonder if I can make this What the Oh it won't let me do that. Okay. Alright so at top, I don't know if you guys can read that or not. I can't 'cause I don't have my glasses on, but so we've got the energy source. There's uh four, five, six categories. We have energy source, electronics, case. Then we have case material supplements, interface type, and then button supplements. Okay so Uh first of all energy source, we picked battery. Um and how many batteries do we think this will probably take? Probably some e either two or four. Two? Like it. Excellent. This is consumerism. Alright so for the electronics our choices are simpl simple chip-on-print, regular chip-on-print, advanced chip-on-print, sample sensor, sample speaker. 'Kay, we have one of those. 'Kay then the case is a Probably it's double curved. Case materials are plastic. Um I guess it's two, since one for the top, one for the bottom. Is that right or is it just one? Maybe it's one because of the 'Kay. I guess it doesn't matter 'cause the price on that one is zero, which is nice. Special colour? Interface type. We have pushbutton, scroll-wheel interface, integrated scroll-wheel pushbutton, and an L_C_D_ display. So we actually have the L_C_D_ display and then is it the integrated or is it Yeah. 'Kay. Button supplement? Special colour? Um special form? Special material. Or titanium. They cost us all the same. Well we only have one button so really we shouldn't be charged, we shouldn't be charged anything for the the button supplements. Um Okay. We're gonna leave that one blank because we run on a L_C_D_ and scroll. So our total is fifteen point five. Which I believe is by three Euros over. So the only thing better than um a banana-shaped remote is one that you shake. Yeah 'cause the Well 'cause we have to have both right? Mm-hmm. So we may not need the L_C_D_ display? Well there we go. Twelve point five. Okay. So we just remove our screen here. Besides look at what the L_C_D_ does to our lovely remote. Back to the design room boys. Okay so the costs under twelve point five Euro. Was no. We redesigned it. Now it's yes. Next slide. Project evaluation. Uh project process, satisfaction with, for example, room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, means, new ideas found. Um So I guess that Let's see here. I think that perhaps the project evaluation's just supposed to be completed by me. But I'd like to hear your thoughts. Uh h what did you think of our project process? Good. Yeah I think we st we started off a little little weak. Our leadership was quite weak in the beginning. Um um But as the day went along we had more idea of what we were doing. Um room for creativity? There was that. Um I think we tried a lotta different things and um I think it was um interesting as you guys brought up more um information and studies that we were right on with a lot of those things. Um you guys worked together well as a team. And um the means? Which was the whiteboard and the pens. I had some problem with the pen I think, but minus your p Well Have a we have a list of employees that you would like fired. Okay. N new ideas found? Um Yes for the remote. Maybe no not f for technology. Alright. Closing. Costs are within the budget. Project is evaluated. Um complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary. That's it. And I still have to do my minutes for the last meeting. Actually. Um so there will probably be another questionnaire coming up. And then we'll have to check with the main boss whether we can, what goes on after that. But that's the end of our meeting.