Could you plug me in? Okay. Thanks. Okay. 'Kay. Okay. And the slogan, like the actual written slogan, or just to embody the idea of the slogan? 'Bout putting the fashion in electronics. Sure. Right. Mm-hmm. M yeah, like a lot of a lot of what I've um read and prepared for this meeting fits in really closely with what with what Craig's just gone over. So in part I could I could give you some of my personal preferences but I could also th add some to this which is just about sort of um sort of market research. But anyway, um we might come to that later. Um clunky in what sense, like um h heavier? Larger? I see, so it's more just basic. Right, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Which was that? Up the numbers, or the up down? Yeah. Yeah. We don't? No? Yeah. Well I think I think es essentially what we're doing right now is we're categorising. We're saying well we want this to be a product that offers all the sort of more tricky features but we want them to be in another area? Is that right? Is that what we're we're doing? We're kind of like sorting them an Or are we actually eliminating things we just don't want the product to have? Yeah. Yep. Well, one one way I would look at this um would be that we a approach the different controls in terms of um like control types, so that for the user it's very clear what they want to do where they go. Uh and also think maybe a little bit about sorta w w what would just wanna be acc easily accessible. For example if we had audio controls, those could be something people set up very rarely. Maybe they're un they're they're they're in a little area but covered up um, things like channel and volume um are used all the time, so we just have them right out on top, um very just very sort of self-explanatory. Um so maybe we need to think about having three or more groupings of controls, you know like one which are just the the habitual ones that should be right within your natural grip. And others that are uh also available and then others that are concealed. Something like that. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Sure. Can this can this pl reach? Can this plug come across? No. So why don't I just pick up and move then. Here, I'll just Why don't I just Mm er, can you go up behind me? Kinda This is so This I'm all in a knot now. Okay. Um. So I can I can say already, I dunno whether this is for good or for bad but there'll be a lot of kind of uh redundancy in the in the the issues and the the uh the things. Yeah, yeah. Which is ma not necessarily a bad thing, but may what I've already started doing is cr I created a slide in in my presentation here so um so that we kind of think well what's the cumulative effect of what we've taken from your ideas and and mine, because certainly I I have a hard time separating separating things completely. Obviously obviously what you've just told me what you've just told me impacts a lot on what um like market research mm that that I've been So how do I how do I get this up? Okay. Okay. Alright. So F_ eight? Oh, and F_ eight. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, I think that that's doing it now. Uh, again? Okay. Um, okay great. Okay. Just um Before I bring this up what I'll just say is um what I've what I've done is tried to collect some information so that I can then relay this to to you guys so that it's now becomes a collective thing. And then kind of lead us in the direction of deciding, 'kay what what are our options, what should we decide and do you know what I mean, so. Okay. Okay. Alright. That would be Okay. So um does that make sense? So what I basically got is I just looked into some information and sort of th tried to think about how how we could review it and how we could and what kind of decisions we could take away from it and then maybe by the end of just looking at some of these things we can think about what are our priorities. 'Cause certainly there's lots of different information to go through. So um I'm thinking here about uh primarily about customer needs, that we start with the customer, and w you know, what they want and what are issues with with um existing products. Uh to think about trends and also about try and connect that as you see with the company vision which is about fashion in electronics. Um and then, as I say uh w we'd like to prioritise our design features from this and um Dunno. Okay. Um. So this is what I've found here, um a lot of this is new to me, so we'll just read through together. Um, users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls. So they find them ugly. Most people find them ugly. Um the vast majority would spend more money for it to look fancy as well, we'll see later, the vast majority would spend more money for um slightly more intuitive control, such as voice recognition. Okay I'm gonna we'll look at that in a second. Um most people use only a f a very slim portion of all the controls. So I guess what we're looking at here is people want this h technology, they tend to use the most simple controls and overall they find remote controls to be something they don't doesn't really appeal to them. So I think what we're doing is we're trying to take like if for me this is sorta like three different different um inspirations, you know, one is that we want uh something that's high-tech but we want it to seem easy. And in spite of the primitive side of it and the very high-tech side, we want it to just be an appealing piece of equipment in people's hands. Um, frustrations. They get lost a lot, s as it came up in our last meeting. Um, takes time to learn how to use them. This is uh why I mention when Craig was uh showing us some ideas that we actually try and group controls, so d it doesn't just look like a big panel, kinda like when you you look at, you know, a new computer keyboard, or something that is quite explanatory. If you want audio, if you want visual, then you have those. Um and I will admit I don't know what R_S_I_ stands for. Uh, no, that did not come up at all. Um so here here is another um sort of a a review here of the main things. I also found that most people would uh adults at least would pay more for voice recognition. Now apparently we do have access to all the tech cutting edge technology in remote control. So I dunno if that's possible we might consider getting into it. Um. And and again here as we sort of move m sort of thin start thinking about how we wanna sell and market this, I think a recurring theme here is the company wants it to be wants us to make something that's fashionable and sleek and trendy. Um people uh additionally aren't aren't liking the appearance of their products, so we wanna think about as we take all the sort of the techie features how we can um put that into a unit which is which people like. You know, they like the aesthetics and the ergonomics. Yeah. Yeah, so you know just c looking at what what Craig um Craig's i uh ideas are s sorta tell me that maybe what we wanna do is try and um separate the different things that we wanna include in this. So if we do say well we want there to be all the technology will we try and make that almost be like optional technology. You know, it's like like I find a lot of T_V_s these days, something really like about 'em is if you wanna just turn 'em on and off you can, but they have little panels where you click and there's just like tons of features you go through. Yeah. Yeah. That's s that's sort of the um But I I'm my hope here is that I'm putting out this information so that we can then say okay, well how do we collectively move on with it. Um I I haven't brought out one specific marketing idea, although my sense is that what we should try and think about is what are the current trends in materials and shapes and styles, and then use that. But not let that confine us technologically. So Alright? Any um comments on all of that? That's uh Yeah. Okay. Where's the money, maybe. Yeah. And who watches T_V_. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. This this kinda touches on your comments there, David. These are the age groups which we have information on and these are this is a table of h what people would pay more for a certain feature. Just gives us a rough idea of where the w the will to spend money on T_V_ equipment is. Mostly focused around the twenty five age group. Sort of young professional, kind of. Mm-hmm Uh, yeah, it's the Yep. It does it does fit with the market that we're sort of identifying, in terms of Okay. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But yeah. Yeah, sure. Mm-hmm. Yeah. If we can. Yeah. Right. Could it be an on off thing? Like if you want it on Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Sure. Yep. Yep. Yeah, it's good well it's good to get ideas out while they're fresh in mind. Um Not Yeah. And not losing. And also it helps in terms of people not losing this, you know they they're saying oh it's I lose it in the couch. like we're kind of what we're b sort of getting in into here is mating different uh design features together that they Right. Oh really, you've seen one before. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Sure. Sure. Yep. Right. And like on the means b Since we're on the topic of the technology, uh are there any like what are our options? Alright, what's what i in Is this the only way that we go about it, or are there other thin Right. The basic principle of 'Kay. Right. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Right. Right. Right. Okay. And um just a clarification before we finish this. Uh does c is our controller is it have the option of being um on a standard uh frequency as all of the other equipment, so that the one controller can control several pieces of equipment? Okay. Just to T_V_, okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's good. And is it going to include any of the uh the more advanced features, or are we gonna eliminate those? Okay. R is it is it is it s is it not an option still that we include some things just as a sort of under like sort of under a door or some 'Cause what what I'm I'd be a bit worried about is if someone was h had previously developed habits of expecting to control surround sound or this and that with their controller and then and then they, you know, w they get ours and w it's doesn't have that. I dunno if that'd be a problem. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. 'Kay, okay. Like that. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm okay, great. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um yeah, just I just wanted to ask then before we wrap up, shall we agree for sake of um sort of clarity and when we when we r resume that we'll u use this idea David's proposed, where we think of these three sort of buckets and anything anything we discuss about them is sort of, okay, we're talking about this. Shall we do that, then? Okay, great. And and channel. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Colour, yeah. Sure. Sure. Okay. And then k I suppose quite likely what would happen is in the d device category there might be some which are just like the habitual standard and then others which are maybe a bit more Yeah. Sure, okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Great. Then we get to go find out what was picked up for lunch for us.