Help. It's up there? That screen's black. Alright, okay. Okay, that's fine. Are we done? Right, okay um, this is our second meeting and I might be a bit all over the place. Um, right our agenda for today, do you want us to give you a second? Okay, um I'll go over what we decided last meeting, um, we decided upon a universal control, one handset for all, T_V_, video equipment. Um, that it was important that the product was accessible to a wide range of consumers, wide age range, not limiting anyone. We decided it was important to reflect the company's image in our product, we put fashion in electronics, you know that kind of s thing. Um, our budget would have to affect um try not to reflect our budget, um that we might have a bit of oh oh you can see it, okay. Um dissonance between what our budget was and what we want it to look like. Um want it to look uncluttered, undaunting to the customer. We discussed a flip-open design, um reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel um for further features like programming, things like that. Okay. Um, three presentations, I've got written here so shall we hear from Marketing first? No that's fine, that's fine. Unplug me. Um, F_N_ function F_ eight. Mm-hmm. They are. Okay, thank you very much. Um, would you like to continue on from that? Or, maybe move the laptop over. F_ function. Oh, there. 'Kay. Um, I think we'll chat about it at the end, okay so if anyone wants to write something down that they want to bring up at the end, um Ooh, it's vibrating, that's strange. Oh, God. Right, okay. We just do the best we can. Yeah, you might. Ah. Look at that. Okay. Yeah. Right, um we have new project requirements, um we're not going to be using teletext, um apparently the consumers consider it outdated with the internet now. Um our control is only going to be for T_V_, it's not going to be a combined control, which limits you know all of the different things that it limits the cost for us, but it also makes it easier to understand for the consumer. It says for T_V_ only, so looks like it's just yeah, I think maybe Sky things like that might be incorporated into it, but I don't know, what do you think? It just said, for T_V_ only. But I mean, general T_V_ controls do do video as well. I mean you bu well som you get com you get combined T_V_ and videos don't you? Mm. I think we assume that it's still got play and stop functions and programming. Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, bu We do have a budget limitation that we can't control ourselves, so I think when we can take a cheaper option which still does the same kinda thing um because it is something I it needs to be the thing that you use to find it needs to be something that you don't lose, you were saying whistling, maybe on the T_V_ you could put like a pack on the T_V_ or something so you can't see the remote, you go and press the button on top of the T_V_ and it beeps and you're like oh okay it's over there, something like that, but that's that sounds a lot cheaper to me. Um the third thing was that we have to make sure the corporate image is very much incorporated into the handset. Um so we want logo, we want um fashionable, trendy, I mean what you were talking about with the marketing. Um, people paying more for it to look good. Um, we need to focus on that as well. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. What about you were talking about the buttons, um the controls that are coming out now have kind of big, rubber buttons, not tiny little one, big, rubber buttons, but what about, I mean, 'cause we got to make it original, what about um you know with the touch screen computers yeah? Um so you it's like a little panel that you touch rather than a button which shouldn't wear out as much either, not sure about the You don't have to press it, you just have to put your thumb onto it. Um, think that might appeal I'm thinking kind of Japan, I'm thinking uh young, um office people, trendy kind of a thing. Um, but quite, um, easily labelled so that anyone can oh yeah that's obvious what that's for and it's not daunting to maybe the older generations, um Were too big. Mm. I think we have to design one product and then the company can take it wherever they want to uh in the sense that they can make it smaller, or they can make it bigger or they can change the features slightly, um. It's gonna be the same, so we need to focus on just one thing, not get bogged down in lots of different um possibilities, um. Or a speech recognition, which is extremely expensive, I think that's the only way that you kind of avoid that kind of issue. We are we're talking about um the type of company that we're working for as well. That they want um it to be fashionable, they want it to be trendy and you wouldn't automatically assume associate that with the older generations. Now with the baby boomers, the older generations are actually larger, they have a greater population than us young people, but I don't think we're focusing on that, I think we are focusing on a sort of mid-range um, business kind of class type people. Mm-hmm. Okay, so the remote control functions. Um we've got the T_V_, we've got the video, now there's um I can't remember what it's called, the little code at the end of programme details, yes. We could use that as an alternative to programming in times, things like that, is that I always found that really easy when I discovered it, um because you've got your general record anyway so if you there's a programme on you want to put record on, that's fine, but if you do want to tape something in two days time and you're not sure if you're going to, you put the number in and it's just a number, it's not a date, it's not a time, it's not a channel, it's not when it finishes, it's not anything like that, it's just a number. No. You've already got the numbers for typing in anyway. It is after um if you look in the newspaper, T_V_ guide or any T_V_ guide there's a five, six digit number afterwards and that's the number you put in and it's recorded that it's going to be on on Tuesdays at ten o'clock on the seventeenth so you don't have to worry about dates and you don't have to worry about times, um and it has been around for quite a long time. No it's not um but I think if awareness was kind of brought to the forefront about that Mm. Okay so Mm-hmm. The functionality of it in the sense that you're sitting there, you're pressing this button and your T_V_'s not doing it. Taking your T_V_ and your control and saying look this is what I'm doing, it's not working, what should I do? I think so. Um Instruction manuals. But I mean they're there's customer service, there will be a customer service number thing that you can phone up and speak to and that way there's no call out charge, there's no extra, t the person has to walk to a shop on the high street, um. Mm. But we should focus on making the manual as user-friendly as possible because a lot of them are just tiny little writing and lots and lots of pages. It does, you just put it in the drawer until something goes wrong and then you try and search through it, so that should be something we think about. Um, what other functions? We need I'm not sure if we need a design um decision now, but we should think about c 'cause you've got the dilemma between oh batteries, that's what I was thinking about. Mobile phone batteries, what kinda battery is that? Well they la they they last quite a long time, and if you had uh when you th the thing that you get with mobile house phones, you sit it in its charger when you're not using it or t at night or something, but it doesn't really matter 'cause it never really runs out 'cause it lasts a long time once it is charged. Um, something like that should reduce the size of it. Yeah it could be on that yeah, okay. S Yes. Rechargeable with a docking station. So the rechargeable which would be your field. Okay. Yes, which it is cheaper in the long run as well. Um, th the shape you got trendy. I don't wanna big box with lots of things, you don't want a tiny sort of little thing either, because then you have got the repetitive strain injury no matter how many how much you try and make it simple, um They do. Okay so we've got a flip-screen. Um Okay. 'Cause it's kind of moulded to your hand anyway. Okay. Can you look into the company logo? Um, things that are associated with the company in view to trying to incorporate that into the design of the product. I mean for example, if it was a C_ or something like that, you could have it in a vague C_ shape that opens up kind of like a shell, or something, um something along those lines to be able to incorporate it quite um obviously into the design, while also making it quite different from anything else that's there. Well we need to think about how it's gonna look different. Or you could do um different, like you get with mobile phones, different fascias. You could have different kind of casings. So you could have like psychedelic ones for younger people and sleek ones and Yeah. Mm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right, I think we have to round it up, um Sure. That was um in cutting down the number that was kinda separate that was cutting down the number of functions, making it simpler so instead of having lots of things you put in for date It's kinda takes the place of having a button to press for the date and having the button to press for the channel, things like that. Um it could be it c It yes, it could be uh adv advertisement feature, um rather than design feature, you know, drawing attention to that. And it also paid um lip service in the instruction manual, 'cause it's very simple so putting it down in words should be helpful. Yeah. Um We've got the buttons but I think we'll work through that with the design of it, um. Yes. Yes. And we've talked about um there being an alarm or something, a beeping for being lost, um. Learning how to use it should be as simple as possible. But there aren't gonna be that func that many functions incorporated into it so it should be fine and the I the instruction manual, I don't know if we deal with that, um. I think Yep, and different from what's out there. Yep, I think that's us. I think you might get guidance, but um I th Instruction manuals, 'cause there tends to be a demonised thing, u um, they're everyone's got like a big pile of them, but no one really uses them. Um. Yes, right. Okay. Right, okay. I think you can email me, if there's any more questions. Um and I'll be able to not answer them.