Okay. Right. Conceptual design meeting. Right. Okay, so Right well um from the last meeting I was trying to send you the minutes, but uh it didn't work out too well, so maybe in sort of um quick summary of the last uh meeting, I can quickly give you what we what we had. Uh right, so Wishing I hadn't closed the damn Right so we had the fact that we're gonna have the the logo uh the company logo in its uh colour scheme incorporated onto the the device the remote device. We had uh made our decisions about uh made our decisions about uh the device itself, that it was gonna be simple to make it uh enable us to complete the project in time. We're gonna have uh effectively two pages, a front page which had the uh features that the uh the customers most wanted, and then the uh the backup features on the second page so that it could uh meet the technical requirements. And the customers wouldn't have to look at them too often, only as and when required. So. So basically what decisions uh have we uh made? Uh have there been any uh changes? Right. Three presentation, yeah. So Yeah, fine. Okay. Mm-hmm. What would be the cost do do we know? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. with the printed circuit boards you were going for the Mm-hmm. But are we going f R right. So are we able to make that decision now in a sense that this is the point at which we're discussing that issue, so would it not be best to rather than I mean one way is to do each of the presentations and then make decisions going back to the various presentations as they were. The other way would be to do the presentation and then make the decision at that point in time. 'Cause at that point then you've got the details up there, so if we wanted to know for instance that the scroll wheel required the regular and what required advance. Then if we were able to see that down then we could make the decision at that point in time and then that would be the end of that issue. Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. No the scroll wheel required the regular, so the Hmm. Okay. The display requires an advanced chip the display requires an advanced chip which in turn is more expense. Okay. Down. Right. Okay. So. So we're going for p Okay. So is um Simple push button. Mm-hmm. So if we go for the simple push button, so effectively we're going for the simple printed circuit board are we? Or are we going for the regular? Mm-mm. But is there any other I mean okay, that's true for the for for that element, but we have to take all el elements into consideration. And so if there is one element that requires the more expensive one, or say the regular one, or the more advanced, then that would have to be the same for all of them. S Right. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-mm. Okay. Simple circuit board. Simple push button. Okay. W w kinetic. You were you were wanting to go for the kinetic power supply. Mm-hmm. And how does it get uh charged up? Okay. Okay. So the speech recognition was Are we going for speech recognition? No? 'Cause that required the advanced I had speech recognition requires advanced req require Oh. So okay. Speech recognition you reckon then is s simple. And so we would want it in as an extra because it doesn't appear to cost too much. Would that be In fact, it wouldn't really cost anymore, would it? And then have to change all change everything at the last minute. Okay. S Sorry? Yeah, I've found that try and get it back. So you were saying the scroll buttons Mm-hmm. Well we're to go for the international market rather than a local market but that that wouldn't necessarily preclude The one thing that you can often do with products is you can uh make small modifications. So you have your basic model which you would sell at whatever, and then you could have additional features in you know like a You'd have model one, model two and model three, and therefore you can sub-divide your market up. But that's really where your field is. Anyway you could add on for an extra package, but on this basic one I'm reckoning that we're going for the basic model to be discussed here and that uh you would have for future reference the possibility of adding in extra features at extra cost to take care of specialist market segments. Is that So so what are we deciding to do here? Right. Mm-hmm. Uh the fi Yeah, the finder function rather than as a speech function to find your remote. Okay. Hmm. So you'd have a finder feature rather than a voice recognition feature. And you were talking Mm. And you were talking about scroll buttons? Okay. b Alright, so we're just gonna have the the rubber buttons, was that right? Okay. So not to be focused on. Good in in Flip it round in ninety degree a hundred and eighty degrees and have it up and down. An upside-down V_. So that would show that volume was going up, whereas the one underneath would see the volume going down. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. You could have volume up and volume Volume up, down and Like that. And 'cause the idea was to have limited um it was to have sizable amount of information on it. Limited number of buttons. 'Cause it was sixteen buttons, wasn't it that were Okay. You know yourself. Well you were just talking about you've got to be careful how you shape your buttons, 'cause you're can mis-direct people. And I would've thought the functionality 'cause the people get cheesed off by things by having to read instructions et cetera, so. ... Okay. Now? Yeah. Stand-by button. No th that that incorporates the trend whilst at the same time not confusing people, if you're looking for functionality. But what are they gonna be next Yeah. What are they gonna be next year. But but th but okay but you you can incorporate the tr If y if you change all the buttons then you've got the problem that this year's fruit and veg, next year's uh I was gonna say animals or elephants or w whatever. That means you're constantly changing your production schedule, and you've gotta make different moulds and everything else, so that's not a good idea I would I would suggest. Well Ah d d But if Mm-hmm. Well. Yep. Was that in the sort of fashion sense that this Or was the spongy feel was that uh sort of fashion? It was, wasn't it? So the Mm-hmm. Rubber buttons require rubber case. Uh so, yeah. The m the main problem is how f how frequently do the fashions change? 'Cause in essence in the production you want things to stay you want to basically mint them out 'cause if you've got fashion changes and that you're incorporating, then it means that your stock is um is last year's stock and therefore you're selling it or having to sell it at a discounted rate which you wouldn't want to do. Whereas if you kept the product the same but you could have a difference from year to year, uh it seems to me that you could incorporate a fashion statement if you like, rather than changing the whole kit and caboodle. You're just changing one aspect like like the standby button or something like that, and especially 'cause then you could make it something that Well, you might be limited in space, that yes. Well you two are obviously gonna find that out fairly quickly when you move over to your kit modelling stage as to uh how much pl how much how much how pliable is Plasticine. Hmm. So you're talking there about uh changing changing the casing. Yeah you you could do a colour change, so therefore you would yeah yeah I mean that's effectively what they did with the with the mobile phones, was to have some in blue, some in red, some in rather than all in black or, you know, which four do you want, as long as it's black? But uh so Yes oh that's true uh that might no Well not necessarily, because you could have your company uh We're we're meant to be finishing up. You could have your company badge and logo. I mean a lot of um computers for instance like like on the one you've got there, it actually has a sort of um stick on badge so what you would al all you would really need, whether it, you know, whether the casing be w any colour, could be any colour, but that badge would then have to stick out on top of it so that uh in a sense, with a with a logo like that, because it's on a white background, the only colour that it might not stick out so well on would be a white casing. 'Cause you you know you're sort of you're badging it. And in fact a lot of companies get somebody else to make them and literally just badge them themselves with their own uh badge over the top. And in fact the way they've got that there even if you had that on a white, which is the predominant colour of the uh the Windows badge, you'd still be able to see it clearly from you know a white casing uh product. So. It's uh in in the house, isn't it, I suppose. So don't change case. Change case colour. And we're sort of saying no to that. Yeah. Sounds reasonable. If you're going for fashion trends like that they'll need t you'd have to have interchangeable cases so that you could or 'cause otherwise someone's gonna have to buy a complete new remote rather than just a case. Okay. One one thing to cons one thing to consider is that in some ways you want um by having a fairly standard case it means they can all fit together on top of each other therefore for storage purposes in shops and the like and it makes it easier that you can if you can store them up on top of each other. Whereas if you do um fancy things with it, you then gotta put it in a ca a a packaging box that that does that. And the cost of packaging could be quite important vis-a-vis the total cost of the product. So but No. Mm yep. Oh right. S so do you wanna go for curves, more curves? We're meant to be f we're meant to be finishing this meeting in about a minute or so. Okay, curved or double curved? So it's single curved. Yep. Yes. Yep. So we've got spongy feel buttons as well, have we? As well as or w or was that So it's rubber buttons, so it's not really spongy feel buttons, it's just rubber buttons. With a rubber case right? And the standby button is gonna be different. Okay so what what shape are we making the standby button? A apple. Oh oh Sorry? A red apple? Is it? Sorry what was that last thing again there? Right much option on that. I thought you were going for a single curve and Alright. Right, so shape of buttons simple. Okay. So that's that, I guess. We should now go away and get these things sorted out. I guess you two are on plasticine duty or whatever. Okay, so um. Okay.