Is that for us? Okay. Yeah, shall I show? I'll show. Though do you do you wanna do you wanna sh do you wanna hold it and I'll I'll show you the presentation. Can I just nick your Whoa. Going a bit crazy over here. Thank you. Okay, so this is our look and feel presentation, the final our final presentation. And we'll first look at the exterior of what we've uh come up with over there. Um It's gonna have a a plastic body um with a sort of standard colour, either we're thinking some something fairly neutral like a a white or a light blue or something. This is underneath the rubberised the rubberised uh outer casing um which there'd be sort of a wide choice they would be attached, but we can we can come up with that. Um the um wide choice of colours and sort of patterns, so you've got you've got a lot of customisation with it. Um it's obviously an a sort of clam-shell design and uh the um the top L_C_D_ screen that you can see that would b would be sort of um how do you say, it's yeah yeah, it would be sort of inset into the into the top and the buttons at the bottom would d so so it'll fully close flat. Yeah, yeah. And working on the inside we've um already said d decided on the kinetic batteries, which actually, thinking about it now, could y could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as well, so that you could probably get a bit of Yeah. Yeah. Um we decided that um the voice recognition system, it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in and they were fairly easy to get a-hold of, so we presumed that they'd also be quite cheap. So you'd have something like where you'd shout out, where where is the remote and it'll shout back, I'm here, or something. And then yeah. It wo it won't shout out I'm here or something. It'll just shout out I'm here, or something to similar effect. Uh yeah, if it was going like I d well tha that could be something for next time, maybe. You can have a remote that tells you exactly where it is. Um the standard, there's be a standard transmission with the T_V_ using using all the standard chips that we've talked about. Um it would it would have obviously 'cause it's split over two two different layers, it would need two separate P_C_B_s, so it would be joined at the hinge through some sort of cabling. And uh because, obviously, all T_V_s use this, the same infrared medium, we'd just be using using the same thing to transmit the data. And the infrared um sender would be on the on one of the bot the bottom layer, just at the front of the we haven't I don't think we actually put it on. Yeah, yeah, something like that. Yeah, on the front on the front side of that, yeah. So when you've actually got it open, it would be facing the T_V_. And then finally um on to the interface. The top screen, as we said, is would be an inset um black and white L_C_D_ s touch screen which yeah would uh have all of all of the the available functions for for the remote on it, uh whereas the bot the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons, like the vo volume up and down, channel up and down, power on and off, and uh things to that effect. And now we've we also decided on the inside, we could possibly either have um some some kind of sort of bezzled uh logo on it, or something inset, or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top. No d not not actually. No, not uh interfering with l the whole look of the the product when it's uh on the thing. And finally that's how we put the fashion back into electronics, as that is that's the company logo. There you go.. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'd uh yeah I'd probably put it uh two yeah, two or three. No, three. Three. Mm yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'd give it a one. No, no, not at all. Yeah. Two. Two. Yeah. D_. One. Yeah. Yeah, that's No, no, the the base colour was um white or or like or l sort of a light blue, but the changeable fa faces would uh allow you to get any basically any one of a number of colours that uh th it's full sort of customised. Yeah, yeah, yeah and No, no, 'cause th that's that's the the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it, that otherwise it's just sort of hard plastic. Yeah, I'll give it a one as well. Yeah. Mm. No. Yeah. It's meant to be. Yeah. Yeah, I'd uh I'd f I'd go for a five, actually, 'cause Yep. Yeah. Yeah, it was it was uh a voice voice recognition, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that yeah, that's feasible. Um I think it would r I think it would probably be a a stand it would be a stand it would be quite loud. So it would be s p yeah. Yeah. Yeah, one. I do realise that we might be being fairly biased, 'cause it is our product, but W I thin yeah, I think yeah. Mm. No. Yeah. It was a regular chip on print and Oh, no, no, no, the um Yeah, it's you you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells, there should just be one. In the top, it's the number of c yeah. Yeah, and yeah, just a no, one reg v uh Yeah, one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker. And they're double curved. No. Y Two, 'cause it's two. Yeah, I'd say I'd say it was w yeah, I think I think it's One double-curved. And one no, 'cause one yeah, one's double-curved, and then the other one's a plastic. Yeah. And special colour. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, that's it's as an extra. So that shouldn't that shouldn't be actually on there, because that's not incorporated in the cost of the remote you get. Yeah, okay. Yeah, the push-button's one and L_C_ display one. And buttons Well yes. Yeah. No, we'll have No, no, you've got to click off to calculate it again. C it might uh you might you might be assuming that that is in Euros. It could be in Dollars. And then it would be fine, because the exchange range would make it about twelve. No. Yeah, the standard, it um it would make one difference. The biggest one would be taking away if you took away If you to Yeah. If if you take away the voice, I I do I don't like to say it, but if you take away the voice recognition, then you've got it. Yeah i yeah. No 'cause it's samples sens sample speaker. If you took away that, that'll make it twelve point three five. They n n yeah, but you p minus three plus two. Yeah. But they but I mean in I don't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now, because they w they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for better product. Yeah. We c we could s Yeah, we could say Yeah, I s And then say we recommend Yeah. Yeah. That'll do it. Twelve point three five. Is it twelve point fif was it twelve point fifty? Ah. Okay. Yeah. No. 'Cause that that was just a bought-on extra, you could just take that out and that would be fine, yeah. Yeah, I think that's brilliant. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I'd say, as a team. Yeah. Find out from each other, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no, I thought it it went really well and I yeah, I I feel that everyone was listened to and all the points that were raised seem to have been sorted out, although we didn't quite make the voice recognition in there, but that's that's good. I think it would have made it into the final product if it was actually if if if we'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out, I think maybe it would've come out a d little different, but yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, well. Discuss which ones yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think we probably woulda used the outer email system more, had we actually had had more time and if we'd been separated more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Vegetables. Yeah. No. Yeah, I do I don't think the the companies are really concerned. They're just like we've got a D_V_D_ player, does anyone remember the remote control? Can't you get the one that we used for the last one? Yeah, just jazz it up a bit. Uh d they don't really think about it, because normally, the remote control isn't the product which they're trying to ship. They're trying to ship the D_V_D_ player, the video player, the T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Well. I think that was just the the physical. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think yeah I don't from the market research. No. Yeah, it was I it's top secret. Um it's it is it's a conspiracy going on here. That's what it is. In your yeah. Okay. Is that it then? Awesome. Was that not the questionnaire for the how you felt you'd done in your thing? I don't think. Yeah, the the s yeah. I think yeah, questionnaire seven was the one I did just before the meeting. Mm.