Okay well um. So our design looks something like this. This being the wheel that you use to uh change channels or volume or whatever. This is a button, serves as the power button if you hold it down, and if you just tap on it I think it brings up the menu. And uh the base of the remote control, which has a squishy spongy rubbery feel, is interchangeable. So you can change the colour, according to your to suit your living room or whatever. And it comes yeah, I can change the vegetable. This one's broccoli. So this snaps off and you can put on whichever one you want. This is not to scale 'cause it would have the battery inside it. This is a mango. The it's trendy fruit, it's not just ordinary fruits. You don't have orange, you have mango. Um I guess strawberry's not as trendy, but So we'll come up with a variety of trendy and exciting fruit designs for the remote control. And then people will be encouraged to buy three or five of them, because they'll need to switch 'em out. Mm-hmm. Well the locator is just chip that's inside there. And the beeper's also inside there too somewhere. Yeah we didn't design that. But it would be coordinating with that of course. Mm-hmm. My impression was that flat meant like like one of those square remotes. But it's really not very clear, because you got single curve and double curve and d I dunno what that means. One side is curved and then the other side is curved. Mm-hmm. No I think that's alright. Mm-hmm. Hmm? Feels like play-dough. I'm gonna say yes. I imagine they're somewhere on the front. We have a little case that you slip 'em in. 'Kay Five. Five. It's four if you wanna do that. It adds to sixteen, so that's four. Oh I thought she said five. Six. Huh? Wait a minute. I thought it was the other way round too. Sh Yeah I I was thinking one means no points, you know, all the way up to the top. I'll just I'll just reverse them all. It's no problem. I thought you guys hated it. Okay. Say two. Two. One. Uh two. Yeah I put it down as one point four for some reason. Mine has all kinds of problems. Uh three. Wait why did I put three? I meant one on mine too. Three point one. I have four. Three. One. Two. Three. Two. Mm-hmm. I think the wheel would probably be mm. I think the base would definitely be larger, 'cause some of these are not as easy to hold. They're kinda smallish. Yeah. Well if they're that s uh stress ball stuff they would be pretty squishable. Mm. Not that I can think of. Rhubarb. So it's just colour, and not necessarily the shape of a strawberry. We could make it that shape but just have different colours, and call 'em the different fruits. We went with shape because we were having fun with the play-dough. Mm-hmm. That everyone gave that a one or a two. Yeah they'd probably be either on the front or the side of the remote. No I imagine there'd be sort of a hatch door, yeah um like on a normal remote. So it would probably either in the f no it can't be in the front 'cause the I_R_'s right there, but it'd be on one of the sides probably. Yeah I'd agree with changing the shape. Um, I was just having fun making strawberries and stuff. It might also sort of annoy people if we get used to having the buttons in one shape. I bet having different colours is a lot cheaper than having different shapes too. Sure. Sponginess. I think it was good. We knew what we were doing. It was a very democratic process and everyone got to contribute. Well you told us when to start and when to end, and that's all that matters. Well I'm not a big fan of any Microsoft, PowerPoint or any of this stuff. No no I never touch Macs either. I just use the Unix or the off market, sort of WordPerfect and all these other things. Yeah. Well the problem is if you don't like my new computer never has WordPerfect so I have to go track someone down who has an old disk and then I have to reinstall it. So I have all these documents I can't use now. But yeah I mean I guess it's okay. Yeah. I never use it. Yeah. My first bit of information was like this child's drawn picture of how a remote works. Yeah it probably does. Yeah. Yeah well mine was mostly made up except when they told me like you know titanium costs more than wood to make a remote control. As if you'd wanted to. Well I think it's interesting how it all went together, like I had the stuff about how me how rubber's cheap, and you have how people want it to be spongy, and It seems planned you know. Yeah. If I hadn't been told that fruit was They're pretty cool. They're kinda hard to write with though. They're nicer than the pen that I'm using, because like your stuff actually shows up here, rather than having to look at the screen and write. But even so, I dunno. Oh yeah. Well they drop off if you like move too much. But I don't think we're supposed to be testing these microphones. Maybe we are. I don't know. Well the thing is, like I actually worked in a company, and I had a role and I had to go to meetings. And like the last thing I would have wanted would be to have to watch a video 'cause I missed a meeting. Like usually I missed meetings deliberately. There's just there's really not that much information that actually goes through a real meeting, like when you're actually at a real meeting in a real company. It's mostly like rehashing old stuff. And you're sort of going over general stuff that anybody who's sort of on task should already know. It's like the there's just really not a lot of information that goes through. It seems like way overkill. Like if I missed a meeting I could probably get it summed up in like one sentence. I wouldn't need to have to watch like a t two hour video with the sound and the transcript and I think I've learned not to bring play-dough to meetings. It's hard enough to get people actually paying attention. Especially if you have food. All of us?