Right, do you wanna start? Okay, um What We call that one the rhombus, uh the rhombus. Um this one is known as the potato, uh it's it's a how can I present it? It's an ergonomic shape, so it it fits in your hand nicely. Um it's designed to be used either in your left hand or or in your right hand. Um I've gone here just for just for four buttons on this one. Um the two blue buttons here are for adjusting the volume. So you've got volume up and volume down on the other side here. Um the red ones are for uh changing channels, channel up and channel down and that's um moves between your favourite channels that you've selected. Uh this middle button here brings up the on-screen menu and when you're working in the on-screen menu you use the other four buttons to navigate around the menu system and the middle button uh to select and that's basically it, that's the potato. Uh that would be one of your channels, basically, so like channel zero would be t to switch switch the machine off, yeah. Um not really, it would make it hard to turn the machine off, to turn your T_V_ off. Yeah yeah, that that'd be one way of doing it, yeah. That'd work, yeah. Let's pass. So that's So that's our three prototypes. Um basically, in terms of making decisions, what we'd need to do is first of all decide on a form uh which of the three different shapes we want, then decide what kind of button layout we want, how many buttons, and then to choose what colours we want to make the buttons and if we wanna put any text on the device, like label on the buttons or put a brand name or or a logo on it or whatever. Would Yeah, but we don't want it to look like a kids' toy. Yeah. I think it would be difficult technologically, because if your if your remote's lost it's probably under the settee and in that case you can't you can't send an infrared sing signal to it to find it, s so it's I'm not quite sure how it would work and then I wonder if it's if it's more just a gimmick then anything else. Uh I mean ho how many times do you really, seriously lose your remote control and would would a device like that actually help you to find it? Yeah, it's possible, yeah, yeah. Put an extra the button on. Cool. It makes look more fruity as well. It's like a deformed foot, I dunno. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is, it's the up and down buttons are used for scrolling up and down for a list of choices. You find the choice that you want and you press uh you press the right button uh. Yeah. Yeah, so they're used for going into and out of your submenus, yeah. Potato. I'll go for two. I think it's it's functional, it's also pretty basic, so I'll give it a two. I'd say it's technologically it's not it's not unique, I mean it's it's just it is just pushbuttons um, so I I'd give it a four. I'll say one. I wonder if it bounces when you drop it. Yeah. Yeah I'd I'd give it a one. Uh um. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Mangoey is better, yeah. I like mangoes. Uh two. Uh one. Yeah, yeah. Yeah I'll I'll say two. I think it it's probably a little harder then most remotes to learn, because you have to you have to use the menu system and you have to tell it what your favourite channels are and that could take a bit of learning at first, but once you've, yeah once you'd learned how to use it, I think it is a lot easier. So I'd I'd give it a four. Yeah. Yeah. Um I'll give it a five 'cause i it would be easy to lose something like that, yeah. I'll give it a two. Three. Guess it's double-curved. It is pretty curvy. Special colours, isn't it? We've got five. Oh six. Yeah. Yeah. What was our target price again? Twelve point five. So we're just just about there. Yeah. I think we've been successful in that we've achieved almost all of the design goals that we've set and we've come up with a finished project and we just about got cost. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. That's cool. Let's all let's all go for the yellow Break the stem off. That was bound to happen Mm. Yeah. I think. Yeah. We didn't we didn't use the whiteboard that much. Yeah. Uh we we worked together, um but we were making like we sort of made different shapes and then discussed how the how the buttons might work, um and how we could like improve on the on the design. I think we did well in first of all giving our meetings the time, and second we actually we we did a good job of making firm decisions at the ends of the meetings. And I I know what happens sometimes is that you tend to sort of have meetings and then people sorta drift away without anything actually really being decided. But I think here we got we got clear and and decisive decisive points at the end of the meetings, so that we we knew where to go on from there. Yeah. Yeah, for some of the meetings, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.