Oh God. Uh, no that's okay, sorry. Um is it okay if I postpone that til later, I just want to get access to a little bit more information, is that okay? Mm-hmm. Could I can I interject to ask a question there, is that appropriate? You're saying the triple A_ batteries are small or the surrounding it? Mm-hmm. Right, the triple A_s are the smallest you can get are they not, right? Oh I see. Okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. That's a very important part, it came up in our market research findings too so I can refer to that, whenever you like me to present. No. The plug hasn't come out at the bottom, has it? No. Meter adjusting. Mm. 'Kay. Have I got to keep this here? Does it matter? I'll have t I'll have to move it won't I? Uh, whoops. Will it manage? Bit more, oh dear. Oh. Is that okay? Thank you, just pull it closer a little bit. Get it right over, okay, thank you. Okay, um, I'm going to look at the functional requirements from the marketing point of view and uh obviously our starting point with marketing is always market research. Um, so that's where we started, we used our our usability lab, the company's usability lab, we did our usual selection methods to get a cross-section of the general public, male and female, all age groups from fifteen upwards and um we observed them in the lab, just their general use of the remote control, you can see we had a hundred subjects there. Our findings, lots of findings, I've just summarised some of them here. The overall thing which I've I've got at the top there in italics is that users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls, so it has obvious design implications there. Um, we found that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Eighty percent would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy, we were quite surprised by that finding, but um that's quite a high proportion of our our, you know, international target group are prepared to spend more money for something that's a bit nicer looking. Um, current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user overall. For example, you can see below there, seventy five percent of users zap a lot, so you've got your person sunk back in the sofa channel-hopping. So again there's power implications there. Um, fifty percent of users only use ten percent of the buttons, so again a big design issue there. Um and possibly we can also cut back on cost if we don't have so many functions actually on the remote control. Um the biggest frustrations that people found with regard to personal preferences were um something that you you mentioned earlier, uh remote controls are often lost in the room, it's a slipping down the back of the sofa type of thing, uh fifty percent were were particularly frustrated by that. Uh thirty four percent of people take said they take too much time to learn to use and I think that ties in with the um the previous finding of people only using ten percent of the buttons, they just can't be bothered to learn about the other functions. Um, um slightly more than a quarter of people said it was bad for uh repetitive strain injury. You know those small movements of the remote control can lead to kind of shoulder and elbow problems. Um the vast majority of the thirty five and under age group would like um a liquid crystal display and speech recognition, again that was to aid I think in uh when they've lost the actual remote control, some kind of speech recognition. Something we didn't put to them, but which I'm thinking of now is um even if perhaps the lost control can give off a bleep every now and again til you find it or a flashing light, possibly. Um, that trend reverses in the older age groups. So thirty fives and unders who would like those two features, that kind of evens out thirty five to forty five and in the older age group it kind of reverses, they're not so bothered with this. I had marvellous tables and things that I could show you, but I think I'll just keep it simple, if there's any more information I can email you extra details, is that okay? Mm-hmm, so can we not programme a video with this remote control? Just channel-hopping. Would that imply video use? Mm-hmm, yes. Yes. Um we didn't really look into that but remember we found that finding that most people only use about uh ten percent of the buttons, I think th th those do tend to be the basic channel-hopping things and on and off for the video, fast-forwarding, so on and I think it's sort of general knowledge that people do find programming their videos a nightmare. So I don't know if that's something we need to look at. Mm-hmm. In fact I've just called up that table there, we asked those two questions, the table relates to both questions, so we didn't differentiate. Would you prefer an L_C_D_ screen, that's multi-function remote and would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control? So you can see how the the yes no sort of varies across the age group there, and a substantial number of don't knows in the older age group, I think that's just general fear of new technology. Oh yeah. Right. Mm. Yes. That's a super idea. Yeah. Yes, further market research will be needed to kind of focus on what that is, it's gonna be different for a fifteen year old th for somebody who's sixty and also across the world if we're aiming at the international market. What is um attractive to a trendy New Yorker and what is attractive to a retired South African, I dunno, you get the idea. It's it's gonna vary around the world. At the end of the day, th the engineering design is one thing, it's the user interface design that may and th the sort of you know fashionable aspect of it we might have to change for different markets round the world. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yes it will appeal to sections of the market def Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Th the internal d engineering design has got to remain the same, yes, absolutely. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I'm concerned, when you read the the R_S_I_ issue again, repetitive strain injury, I don't think just moving your finger around on a small screen is going to deal with that enough, I think that is still a kind of a question mark issue how we deal with that. Um, R_S_I_ tends to be caused by repetitive small movements. I'm j I really can't get my head round this one, this may have to be postponed to a future meeting but it's something we should think about. Mm. I know, and it becomes ridiculous, yes I know. Yeah. Yes. Mm-hmm. Do we have to initially um, you know looking at the findings here, focus on a younger age group initially and then broaden out the market later. Do we really have to go for everyone right away? Um. Mm. And when we've been throwing up our ideas we're automatically talking about business people, young people, trendy people. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. I'm just thinking of budgetary issues too, for when it does get to the sort of broad scale marketing stage, we want to, you know, not waste money, not be profligate and uh you know focus on where the idea will be taken up, first it's most likely to be taken up first of all where the main purchasing power is coming from for a product like this. Mm. Right, I've not come across that function but it sounds wonderful. Ah, hmm. Right. Superb. Mm. Yes. Right. Excellent, mm-hmm. Mm. Right. Can I just run this past you while it occurs to me, I don't mean to quickly jump from one subject to another, but just discussing the different age groups and targeting the different age groups it occurs to me, to produce our own mobile phones, that that's kind of what led us on to comparing T_V_ remote controls with with their design features, um, chain companies like Carphone Warehouse, you can pop in anytime with a phone that you bought for them w if you've got any problems with it and they'll fix it, they'll phone the company, you can use their telephones. Is it worthwhile with with our retail outlets having a a similar um kind of service so that if older users were deterred from buying this, if they know they can just pop into one of our high street outlets, th you know, which button is it I press for this? Th as free as a free aspect of our service, would that not make it more attractive to them? Mm. Mm-hmm. Right. Alright. Yes If it was something as simple as you couldn't change the channel, but I mean for if there were any more or are we absolutely definite it's only gonna be for T_V_ and video, we're not gonna put any okay, just a thought. Okay. Mm-hmm. Sure. Mm. Yeah. Not for such simple functions because we're focusing on that, yes okay. Mm. Puts people off reading them so they just do the obvious, yes. Sure, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. And we don't w I mean so many remote controls look absolutely identical, these long, brown things with the same coloured buttons all crammed in on the s the surface. We definitely an ob an obvious thing, a very simple thing is to get away from these brown rectangles, we don't want that. Mm-hmm. Slightly curved, curved. Mm. Mm. I mean look at the mobile. I think that's that sounds a really attractive idea, I've not come across anything like that before, if it kind of yeah and that opens out into your flip-top. Then it's nice t to h you can make it lightweight plastic, nice to hold in the palm of the hand and just because you're having to actually insert in between the two covers, that's gonna take care of some of the repetitive strain injury trying p prevent a lot of that I would think. I think it's a really nice idea and plus you can get you know even though we're using plastic, you can still I mean think of the designs you can get in plastic, we can do a nice conch shell or scallop shell exterior. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Less chance of it being lost too, it's not like a chocolate brown lozenge that's gonna go down the sofa and people might want to put it on their mantelpiece or whatever as a ki if it looks attractive enough as a kind of ornament they don't not gonna lose it so much either. It's easier to bit nice to handle. Mm-hmm. Okay. Can I just quickly um go over the new project requirements so that I haven't missed anything. So it's no teletext, it's only for T_V_ and by implication video, our corporate image should be incorporated in the remote control, um something about Videoplus. Right. Right. Right, so when they press for programming you it comes up on the L_C_D_, a reminder about using Videoplus? So that they have a look at the guide and Or was is this nothing to do with the project requirements, is this just that was an add-on feature? Uh-huh. Right. Right, so it's kind of doing away with the programming feature? Right. Mm, and the rechargeable batteries. Was there anything else there that we in the new new project requirements? Mm-hmm. That's not at the moment a requirement, it's something we're looking at, what preference so it may come round to market research at some point to see what people would like. Okay. What would you specifically like marketing to look at before the next meeting? Or shall I just sort of generally look at all the issues involved? Okay. Okay. Whoops, questionnaire four. 'Cause we're at lunchtime now I think.