Well we've made our prototype anyway. We can have a good look at that. Mm-hmm. Y no, it's a slightly curved around the sides. Um, it's almost curved like up to the main display as well. And the little line at the bottom indicates the bit the panel that you pull down. And the extra function buttons are below that panel on the little line. And we've got the stick on the button with the company logo on. Yeah, it's a bit more fun, isn't it? And it's kinda not really at a kind of you think apple, you think computers, like Apple Mac. Yeah, and cherries are fun, summery. Ah, that's the mute. It it'd probably have to be labelled mute. But um, we didn't have anything small enough to write. Yeah. Uh, we just chose simple shapes for all them. Um, the important ones are the volume ones. So we made them a bit bigger. The mute could possibly be a bit smaller. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and we chose a V_ plus and V_ minus. Well the colours wouldn't like that's they wouldn't be too important, but we didn't have any white Play-Doh. So that's where the colour buttons came from. Uh, that's it. Maybe if you just minimise that one in the top right-hand corner of the little box. Yeah. S Um,. D wouldn't you have to keep the simple chip there as well? You know how you turn that one to a zero, wouldn't the chip and the sample speaker be separate things, so you need both of them? I think the voice recognition. But I do think uh the v uh voice recognition thing would be more impressive than the fact that it's got no battery. Yeah, I'd maybe give it a a two. One's true. And a four is neutral. Yeah, 'cause we haven't got the double curve, so we can't like say it's completely true. But it's pretty close. We've got almost everything we can. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose that might be in the technical innovation bit. Maybe a three. I would give it more than a four. How much of a difference would it make if we made the case in plastic? Because we did say that we don't wanna follow the fashion too much. If the buttons are rubber that might be spongy enough. And then it stand the test of time better. Mm-hmm. Well, I suppose it's rubber as it is, isn't it. Yeah. Yeah, two or three. I'd be happy with a two. Yeah. Yeah, I would say so as well. Yeah, it's got the cherry and the sponginess. Maybe two? Yeah, that's a bit rough at the minute. Uh, well it's got the same um speech feature as the coffee machine. Yeah, two or three. Well, the logo would be more um recognisable on the actual thing. It's just that the pen wouldn't really write on that paper. But um, I think the logo would definitely be recognisable. And it does have attributes that other products do. Two? Aye. Go for it. What does what do all them numbers mean then? Do we add them up and rate or anything? we'll probably have to re-rate it. Ah it's on. Yeah, I think that'd be fine. Because that was just a trend, and we do have rubber buttons anyway. Yeah. Yeah, I think we should just imagine white buttons. Yeah. Yeah, the volume ones should stand out a bit. Real Reactions? Yeah, I don't see how we could make it any more. Um, apart from maybe doing the whole thing in the kinda light shade of blue, like the casing. But then what colour would you make the R_s? No, I just We got the logo off the web browser. Mm-hmm. Um, I don't think they would really need to be. I think if they were just all small round blue buttons, it'd be fine. Needs to be an enter button, but could just be the same as well. Mm-hmm. Shouldn't we maybe lose a point on fashion, go to a three? 'Cause we've lost the overall spongy feel. 'Cause it doesn't seem right that it just hasn't changed at all. Alright. Did we decide what that was, which button it was? On the volume ones? Right. Um, can I just check if that's a cherry or an apple? Did we decide against the apple because of Apple Mac? And did we make it a cherry officially? Right. So were we aiming for a certain target on that scale? Right. So do we have anything else to discuss? Huh. Yeah. I think it maybe could have been a slightly more creative project. I mean a remote control isn't the most um kind of fancy thing that you could imagine designing. I can't think of a better example at the minute. Well it's a different application of it. Yeah. Well leadership's a bit of a funny one, isn't it. But we can't really all fairly comment on leadership because you are the Project Manager. You were the leader. So our experience of leadership wasn't really as much as yours. Yeah, very nice. But I mean, I d I don't I'm not sure I see the value in these. I mean, they record what you're writing, and then what do you do with it? Where do you get the recording? Do you plug the computer or something? Right. I think you watch a video of it kind of. Voice um recognition thing. Pretty much.