Hello. Yeah. That's the kind of spam that everybody likes to receive. Hmm. Do you have any preference uh of order? I think she is still finishing her. Hmm. Okay, it's uh Is it like a crank thing or something. Well, there's sometimes combinations, I mean, like calculators do combinations of battery with but also using some solar power. Uh I think, it has to be on the on the solar energy, but I don't know. Let's have a squeezable remote. If it's rubber, isn't it malleable anyway, it doesn't matter if it's double I mean isn't a rubber case, mean it's completely flexed, I mean, it it flexes to whatever they want it to? Mean so what's the difference between a normal rubber case and a rubble doub double rubber double curved case? Okay. Okay. Go rubber. Go rubber the whole way. I think push-buttons is Yeah. Th the the speech recognition um option is it doesn't seem really very promising for us uh, 'cause uh The yeah the example that they're already using it for is with the coffee machine, where, basically, you can program a sample wi um That when you say something it will give a response, and you program the response as well. Just uh clips of tha that you record yourself. So you can program your coffee-maker that when you say, good morning, to it it says, hello Rick, or whatever. But, I mean, it's not it would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the T_V_ on like, turn the T_V_ on, and i turns comes on, but it's not that. It just gives you a it just gives you a verbal response. So, yeah, I mean, like what's the point of saying, Hello remote, I mean, hello, how how are you? Yeah, if you're really lonely, it is it's No, tha that w that w that would be more promising. It it's just a remote that talks to you. Uh. I mean to certain cues. 'Kay. Yeah, I'm fine with the basic battery. Hmm. Yeah, so we want it rub rubber double curved. So rubber rubber keys, yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. We're giving them a way to burn off steam, basically, yeah. Not that watching T_V_ should be that stressful. Oh yeah, I guess T_V_ can be stressful, yeah, if you're watching sports. Alright. Alright. Yeah, some of what I have to say ties into what Catherine was just talking about. Okay, so I'm continuing with the user interface uh topic. And so basically I consulted with our manufacturing division. It sounded like Catherine was also speaking with them. Uh I also took uh Reissa's marketing findings from the last meeting into consideration um, 'cause I think that's that's crucial as far as uh what keys we're going to inc inclu what buttons we are going to include and and how they're laid out. Uh and so the manufacturing division uh sent some some samples of of uh interface components that we might be interested in using that have been used in other products, uh like the coffee machine. So I already mentioned the speech recognition interface. I guess, we we basically vetoed that idea. It's it's pointless. Uh it's just a sample sensor sample output. It would just be probably the most expensive part of our remote without any actual interesting functionality as far as operating the T_V_. Uh so yeah, they they also give the uh they they suggested the idea of using a spinning wheel like you use on the side of an M_P_ three player like iPod. Um so we've already addressed that and I think that would actually be worse for something like R_S_I_ I mean you got that thumb movement that you're constantly doing. Um the other suggestion, and I I have a feeling that we're interested in in something more general, but they suggested uh, you know, going i a little bit into a a niche, like either gearing our remote towards kids, where you could have lot of colours um, the keys might be you know, funny or or, or uh something for the elderly, where the remote's very large and the buttons are very large and there's only a few buttons. But you know we can we can discuss this, but it sounded like from our last meeting we really wanted something that was general, but done well. Uh um So, the key layout and design are really crucial. You don't want uh you want people to be able to quickly access the buttons that they use a lot without uh always pressing the wrong one um. And I didn't mention that we need a power button in our last I can give you an example here of uh, good layout and bad layout uh from our manufacturing department. So this would be an example of bad layout, where you have volume up and volume down, but they have a V_ on both of them, so uh it's sort of confusing for the user. Uh this is the example of the giant remote that's impossible to lose. And for something for kids. Yeah. Um. And so, yeah, I th I think my personal preferences of we've all kind of talked about and seemed to be on the same page um. Uh so I was against the speech recognition and against going uh towards anything in in a niche sense. I think it should be more general. I didn't I didn't think the spinning-wheel or the uh L_C_ display were were crucial for us. And, yeah, that's it for me. So we're we're not gonna have any sort of display I think uh. So, yeah, it's just gonna be just gonna be push-buttons. Um. I think we shall have a limited number of buttons, ideally, I mean a a power, channel up, channel down, volume up, volume down, and a numerical keypad. Uh. And some sort of it will either have a a lock button like we mentioned or or a cover or something like that. I guess it's to the point where we need to decide about that. Well now that we've decided on our Um it seems like we wouldn't wanna make it too busy and too sort of gaudy, but um Yeah, I would say mayb maybe a couple of colours like uh like a black with with yellow and somewhere, like maybe the R_R_ can be yellow, or something like that. I I guess the fact uh also that we are having a rubber case uh would prevent us from having the cover function that we thought of before. I mean, 'cause uh s so if we wanna have a lock of some sort it would have to be a button. But I think that should be I mean um, I can speak with the button department, but uh I think that it should be easy to have a button that just prevents prevents the other uh the other buttons from operating. So that should be simple. Mm. Yeah. Well it should be it should be maybe cutting edge in some sense, I mean have something that's little more technologically advanced than what's on the market. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, I mean, these first two points we've already sort of gone away from, 'cause our rubber one is not fancy I mean it's different, but I wouldn't say like a rubber remote is fancy. If that's what people want then we maybe we're going in the wrong direction. And it's it's not technologically innovative either. Mm. So is is the advantage of Bluetooth that you can just like synchronise it with other electronics? Yeah, that's basically what it allows you to do, right? Yeah, the that wouldn't be the remote so much, I mean Mm. Yes, so can Yeah, we can make the squeezing of the rubber be the be the generating like the energy generator. we're all about that. Okay, so we could have keys that are like a b like a broccoli key and a uh and an avocado key on them.. Yeah, that's great for us. Right. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, I don't know how we incorporate We don't have to follow every trend, I guess. Uh-huh. The power button could be like a big apple or something. They don they don't own all images of apples. Okay, we'll make it a uh pomegranate, a big pomegranate.. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Sure. The one thing I'm wondering about, I hope that we're not going like too much down a gimmicky road of of having I mean if somebody go goes into the store they're gonna see like three or four normal remotes, and then a big spongy pink t tomato uh remote. I mean what are ninety per cent of people gonna take? Mm. Yeah I mean, that that seems to work well with for products like iPod, where, you know, you have a variety of colours, that people feel like they're customising it when they buy it, even, you know, just just by the fact of choosing. Right. Yeah. Okay. Oh right. Yeah. That sounds good. Mm. Right. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, I think we all know what we need to do now. Okay. Okay, I'll stay in here. Does the pay-raise immediately come into effect on our next pay-check, or is that So we're buying fut I mean, we're getting futures in the company. So we really have a incentive to make this remote work. I'd like to share in the coffee machine profits, because that's really doing well. Yeah.. This company has its its fingers in a lot of different pots. Yeah, we're definitely not in the money making department. Well I I did notice looking at I mean, they told you that they wanted whatev our product to represent the the R_R_ brand and and to be immediately noticeable. I mean, if you look like at the coffee maker at the at the corporate web page, it's not obvious. R_R_. Well it is to us, because we we worked worked here for years and we use that coffee machine, but it's doesn't have the colour scheme of of the of the company anywhere on it obviously it's just sil silver and black. No. Mm. Okay. Right, well, I guess that's us. Okay. Right.