Who's that?. Could you just plug it back into hers because she had oh. Right. So get this. Okay so now I need to press F_ eight, what is it? 'Kay. What's function? Oh function, I see it. There we go. Okay. Um. This my presentation about the uh technical functions design and I basically just tried to focus on um just what what functions we need and how to make that the best function for the user. So uh and I just sort of like thought about it myself and looked on the internet. And okay so basically um I think i uh like it is really important that we sort of get this done in a user friendly and fashionable way. Um so I think things like uh you know keeping buttons together that like close together that um are used in the same way, uh or um maybe that making 'em the same colour, keeping the number of buttons the uh leas you know to a minimum, and also things like is it is it um is it uh can you c y small enough large enough I'm not sure we c I guess we would need to do some research about, I would, about what size is appropriate and that sort of thing, um but basically we need to make sure that it turns on and off the T_V_. Does it have like capacity to change the channels? Um does it do or do we need to have like functions for cable or V_C_R_? And then, is it findable, and uh how do we wanna do that? And um I just thought that these two remotes were pretty boring, um I dunno if this will work but And I think we can find something that's more fun to look at and use than either of those. Just I mean I like the one on the right better, just because it does have fewer buttons, uh but I mean I think we sh can sort of think about things like um like colour and you know size, shapes, that sort of thing, to best fit the user. That concludes my presentation. Okay. You need the little thingy. Ooh. Do you know about like I dunno, you seem like you know about Okay. Cool. Like in terms of how it looks, or like what it does? Okay. Yeah. Okay. So Is our target group then people so do we wanna go ahead and design this thing with the finder button? So Okay. So the yeah, yeah, yeah. So then our target age group would be the nineteen to thirty five range, what was it? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hu yeah. Okay so are we gonna have just some kind of a like we'll have the buzzer on the som like on the T_V_ itself. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay. So it's now like a two-part thing. Okay. Alright. So we get to design that too. Make it fashionable. Um, okay. Yeah. Then it can live anywhere. Yeah. T So i Yeah. That was that was me. I think w I think they're both sort of just like general remo they're both general remotes. And uh Yeah. S Um Yeah. So. Okay, let's see if I can I think still though, it shouldn't be that hard to take like just reduce the number of buttons you know, like 'cause if you just have like one menu button, that works like with a you know, or you can just kind of scroll through the options u that come up on the T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It seems like that would be hard though. I mean, like because unless you know yeah. Just 'cause I wouldn't I would probably pick it up and just be like uh why is there no on button. Yeah. B Yeah. Yeah. That sort of like joystick flat touch thing, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I think that's an interesting idea, 'cause it's cool, it's it's funny like you f like I just I don't have an iPod but like I, you know, I just like started messing around with one of my friend's the other day, and you just sort of and it's funny how you pick it up and you just figure out how to use it quite easily, like it's not that hard, you know. Yeah, and it is yeah. It is really but do you need a screen then, do you have to have a screen then? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay so we have this like scrolling sort of button. Like a disc. Yeah. Yeah. It's like it's just like the same technology as a mouse pad. Yeah. Yeah and then. Okay. So like it's like a little part of the circle that Or it oh so it's just a region of the circle that you can zap. Okay. Yeah. So volume could be like the top it and the bottom So do you need to okay. Well y you have to you have to like be able to change the function of it to like I mean like okay, 'cause so I dunno, I guess Okay so when you g scroll your thumb like around it, it'll s like say you're go you're going clockwise. That that means you're gonna go up the channels, and then you scroll the other way and it'll go down. But then so if you wanna switch to the to u do you have to switch to a function where like y so you're either in that mode or you're in the mode where like it just has like the four like you know this is channel that way, that's that way and volume is up and down. It just It just kno the iPod knows. S Yeah. So you just you just can either do this or like you can just touch it if you want. Okay. That's what I mean. Okay. Okay so you have to like press this middle region and then you can scroll up, go up and down. It's like a b Like I think we can go on the fact that it does just work with the iPod. But the only thing is like, iPods are so expensive, like, it has to be is that part of yeah, I dunno, I dunno. You don't think so? Okay. Okay. Yeah. I'm thinking we could if if we're hav So ba I mean but an iPod just has that circle thing you know. Yeah. Yeah. Well like since it just has the circle thing, you could make it a qui a kind of cool shape, like it could be a cool sort of you know, because it could be circular, you know, or something weird like that, just Yeah. Yeah. So okay. This is just for T_V_, it's not for or it is does need to be compatible with Yeah. So how do you switch Okay. So like if we had that Yeah. That's true, yeah. So, I know I'm not c really clear on what Yeah, yeah. So you'd have to have like I think you would have to have like a function switch button, you know somewhere so like you can you're either on T_V_, you're on D_V_D_ or you're on V_C_R_, or you're like. So Yeah, but I mean like to switch the fun so like to switch the function of the little circle disc, the touch pad. Yeah but it it would be So but I'm saying like, does it make sense to have like some kind of a button, so like you're if you're on T_V_, like you can switch channels, but then if uh if you're on D_V_D_ then like the channel bu like the the region of the disc that was for channels is for like switching to different tracks or s you know, to different I mean do we need to think about that, that like