Do you want us to do our PowerPoints now or I can go. Yeah, you should run it. Mm yes. Yes, okay so we tested a hundred subjects in our lab, and we just we watched them and we also made them fill out a questionnaire, and we found that the users are not typically happy with current remote controls. Seventy five percent think they're ugly. Eighty percent want they've are willing to spend more, which is good news for us um if we make it look fancier, and basically w we just need something that really I mean there's some other points up there, but they it needs to be snazzy and it but yet simple. So that's really what we need to do. And we need we need it to be simple, yet it needs to be high-tech looking. So Like They like I guess use the buttons a lot. Yeah. I don't know. It's from my uh research. My team wasn't very clear. That's okay. I I think it's like the engineering versus user, whereas like the engineering she showed that the engineering ones are more complex and users don't really need all of the buttons that are contained on there, because they only use ten percent of the buttons really. Good point. It's a necessary evil. Mm-hmm. And so people say that they typically lose it, as you yourself know, because you probably lose your remote control all the time, much like any small appliance like a cellphone, and they we need something simple, because most people, well thirty four percent say that it's just too much time to learn how to use a new one, and we don't want to go we don't want to vary too far from the normal standard remote, but I mean they do need to be able to identify it, and R_S_I_, I'm not very sure what that is. Yes, it is important for the remote control world. Sh Uh possibly. Uh yeah, that's what my web site said, I don't know. Yeah, I would assume so. I think we're supposed to know it as remote control experts. But also s so the channel, the volume and the power buttons are the most important on our company website you can find like the specific statistics concerning to how much each button is used, but those are the definitely the top ones. Yes. And so personally I think that we need a modern eye-catching design, but it it really needs to be simple. So saying from y your slide, your presentation, the engineering versus the user-specified remotes, I think that we should go with something that's more user-friendly. Where the engineering ones, the boxes, tend to make it look more complicated than it really is. Um the functionality of the product really needs to be considered as to like what type of buttons do we really need on it. And it needs to be open to a wide range of consumers, so even though we need a small number of buttons, we also need to take in like are most people going to be using it for a D_V_D_ player, a TiVo, what what exactly are we using it for, as well as the age range. So we need a hip, but not a corny marketing scheme for promoting our product. And also we found our team found that speech recognition is it's like an up-and-coming thing they really consumers are really interested in it, and since our findings found that people are willing to pay more money for a remote for it to be more high-class we could consider it. I guess so, yeah. Yeah, I guess we can interpret it like, we can just try out different types of speech recognition within our remote programme. Oh that's fine. What exactly is a smart chip? So what exactly we are looking at, is this like the front of the remote? Oh okay. Like that we know the battery's working. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, and that's good. We should make it glow in the dark. Mm 'kay. I think we should. Like I think that would be in a as in like in for the design, sorry, um. I think we should definitely go with buttons that don't look like a normal remote, 'cause most remotes have small square buttons, I think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles. What is it? Like running along the bottom? Wait, is it like the Weather Channel where it's got like the ticker running on the bottom or something? So it's like a separate channel from like what you're watching? Okay. No, kids need to know how to use a remote, I would think. They gotta change between Disney Channel, Cartoon Network. Yeah, I think we need it all. Um I would say we should say dumber than the average person. Yeah. And channel. Yeah. Those are the most important ones. Yeah. Sure, yeah. I need we we need a like homing device. Because people really are looking for a remote that's more high-tech. Do you think people'll really go for that though? Because Yeah. I would think so, because you'd have to develop a base. Hmm. Right. Do w Well, th there's the people who desire speech recognition, there's the different demog demographics have different desires, I don't know if you guys ge It wouldn't copy onto the the thing 'cause it's black, but all the different age groups have different desires for speech recognition. So basically older people don't really care. It's really the people twenty five to thirty five. I feel those are the people that really watch a lot of T_V_ though. They're the ones that get addicted to soap operas and just sitcoms and stuff. Right. So Right. Yeah. Wait, on the remote itself? Well, we definitely need those. Yeah. You definitely need Wait. I feel like a ye I feel like a yellow one would be too garish. Or put like stripes, oh yeah, yellow lights. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, audi audio settings and screen settings, we need those like audio settings mono, stereo, pitch, screen settings like brightness, colour, or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself? Yeah, 'cause we need to we definitely need to have buttons for like sub-titles and things like that. It's 'cause the foreign film market is expanding and stuff, and like on television like I know f k living in Los Angeles it's tons of Spanish network television if it has English sub-titles it's definitely helpful. So we need up, down, and side-to-side buttons. Yeah, okay. Okay, yeah. Such as, yeah, the one the one over there on the left the engineering centred one. Ooh, I just got an idea for a design.