Mister participant two that is. Interesting question. Yes. Did you? I like it, I like it. Yes. Fabulous. We can have a duck tape casing. It could go with the granola crowd. Phew. Computer's adjusting. One moment please. So interme interface concept by your faithful user interface designer. So yur user interface, guys, is basically aspects of a computer system that we can see or hear, or otherwise uh perceive. Uh, commands and mechanisms, that basically user uses to control the operator operating system. Here's a d series of different remote controls that are out on the market today. I think we're definitely trying to get away from this kind of a look. Um, so the following are a bunch of different uh interface uh concepts. Uh voice recognition, we we um actually have some new uh information from our research design team but uh I'll get to that in a moment. Um, so current voice recognition starts up to about eighty speech samples, um and basically you record your own verbal labels c and connect them to the remote control. Now our design team, research team, has been able to uh set up a system in which uh you can teach the remote control voice c recognition system to respond to um with standard responses. Like you could say good morning uh remote control and it'll say in a sexy female voice, Good morning Joe. Um. In fact we already have this for a coffee maker line On the remote control right. Um, another concept is what uh Apple has come up with, the spinning wheel with uh L_C_ display like on the uh iPod which I am sure most of you know about. Um and then we have the scroll button with integrated push-button, kind of like a modern a bit bulky, a bit crazy, I don't think that's we're necessarily going for. And uh some special components, uh ideas like uh blocking, having the ability to block channels from your for your children um and uh dedicated buttons for for commonly used uh channels and even uh ideas like secured or hidden programming but uh I again if we go with touch screen I don't think that's a big issue. Um and uh this is kind of the uh the big daddy of remote controls here. Uh the jumbo universal remote control is almost impossible to misplace or lose. Um, again probably not what we're going for so I I mean my ideas here and kind of where I think we're heading is something slightly larger than a regular iPod uh with a hard cla c uh plastic casing although I think some of the suggestions we've come up with are definitely uh very good ideas. Uh changeable casings uh our design team was possibly talking about including one extra face plate with the package to kind of set the idea that you can change it and you can try changing it and kind of get used to thinking about maybe buying another one which can add value to our uh bottom line. Uh touch screen interface, um possibly having go-to buttons being uh stuck into the system so those don't move away from the screen, uh, the important ones like power, volume and jump between channels. Um, and of course our voice command system which I've talked a little bit about already and uh the use of recognisable colours and shapes to aid recognition of the features um that are around so red for power, um arrows for different volume ups and downs and channels ups and downs and what not. And uh perhaps even adding in some stupid little jokes with the voice recognition idea like perh mm for instance my toastie maker that I got from my bank has jokes when it's ready. And uh that is about it. Oh you guys are always the dampers on these projects. You industrial designers. Where do you guys come up with these numbers? I'm thinking that's uh definitely a good idea and I also think that we could probably come up with some sort of a cheaper uh means to to go about this kind of production, my my team in the uh on the third floor suggested that uh Yeah. I mean I think that we really have two main selling points, I think that our casing and the voice recognition To be honest, we have the capa we have the design in-house, I mean we've we've come up with this, with this new voice we're using it for our coffee machines already. I can pass you on that email from my uh guy in uh guy down the hall. Sounds good. I mean we we have to r reflect back on what our market research did say. Does having both really up our costs? Well my p is Um, I definitely have to agree with that last comment. It's you and me outside a little here. Calculator. I'm willing to agree with everything that's been said. Uh I have to say though that um another idea's come up in my head. If we're really not uh handling the remote control to a great extent we could possibly get away from the idea of having a hand-held remote control and maybe kind of have a round remote control that kind of looks like a paperweight or something like that, kind of a sleek little uh neat thing that sits on your table or something. Just a thought. Well if you don't need to pick it up it could kind of be a selling point. I think it's all about following Apple's lead on a lot of these things. Mm-hmm. Exactly. Think then we're hitting our cost issue again. I think to a certain extent we have to stick with uh kind of uh a little bit traditional in terms of the buttons and then and then make our unique feature our casing and what not and our voice command. Well what are we actually doing? What were Sure. And again copying iMac's kind of for iPod Mac Apple's uh colour scheme. Fabulous.