Yep. Uh-huh. Don't think so. Jess. Alright, so I'm gonna describe the the concept of the user interface of this des device. Um we've talked about uh the two essential properties of the user interface. We want it to be simple and we want it to be fashionable. Um other we've also got to remember that this is a device that serves as a useful purpose. Uh we want people to be able to use it s as a remote control, so we need to determine what the essential functions of the d of the device are and make sure that we include that we've included all of those and that we actually end up with a device that is going to be useful to people. We have a number of different choices for a design concept um and s that's that's something that that I'll show you some examples of um, but essentially we need to choose how how is this device going to work, how how what kind of model is there going to be for user interaction with this device. Uh once we've chosen a a concept for it, we can then design the features around the concept, making sure that we get all the essential functions in the device and uh the extra functions and the more advanced features. And of course we also have to make it look cool. So basically, that's what we don't want. M we don't want lots of buttons, uh complicated features. We want something that looks nice and simple. Here's a a fairly simple device. This is an an iPod from Apple. Um I think the main thing to notice about it is it just has four buttons. It's very minimalistic in its design. Uh you use these four buttons to m to move around a range of settings on the small L_C_D_ screen. Um the thing I like about this is that it's very very quick to access the main features. Uh you can just about make out uh that the button three buttons are uh previous track, next track and play pause. They're the main the main features of the iPod, the things you will use a all the time. Um then if you want to do anything more advanced, you go into the little menu on the L_C_D_ screen and you use the buttons just to scroll around and and find the more advanced features that you want. So I think that's that's a good a good kind of model that we could have. Um here's a another example. This is uh it's an interesting idea and I think i it looks pretty cool. Um it's certainly got novelty value. Uh it's nice and colourful, it's nice and bright. Uh it's also something that you can kind of feel your way around. The buttons are are different shapes and and you can sort of yeah if you're watching T_V_ in the dark or whatever, you can work out which button's which and basically, yeah it's ith it's fun. So I I like I like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often. So you'd need a few buttons to select your favourite channels. I mean most people, when they watch T_V_, they have two hundred and fifty channels on their T_V_ and they watch of 'bout four of them at the most. So, you have buttons for your favourite channel, changing the volume, which is something you do all the time when you're watching T_V_, and the button to switch it off, in case you get bored. Um other features, things like adjusting the brightness, tuning the T_V_, uh I don't know what else you do with a T_V_. Um but these are these are all necessary functions. Uh you can't have a t there's no point having a television that you can't tune or that you can't set the contrast, so we need to find a way of including these somehow. Um and one other suggestions I'd make is to in is to include in a menu system, a bit like on the iPod. So we'd either have a small L_C_D_ display on the device itself, or uh have a dis a menu display that comes up on your television and can b be controlled through the device. And that would allow you to access access the advanced features uh whilst keeping a very small and simple set of buttons for the features that you use most often. I think that's that's one way to go, yes. Um I mean there are there are advantages and disadvantages if you if you have an L_C_D_ display, it's it's nice, because it's it it lets you just sort of sit there and st and control your television from your armchair. There are disadvantages, an an L_C_D_ display would have to be quite small, 'cause we're we're I well we're I assume we're gonna be making quite a small device. Um it would also have to have uh a kind of backlighting in it, 'cause you ten you tend to watch T_V_ in the dark, but you need to be able to see your L_D_D_ L_C_D_ display. The alternative is to have a an on-screen display on your television that you control through your remote control. Uh a bit like a bit like how they have these um digital boxes where you you press the buttons and it comes up with your this thing of watch lo what's on each channel. I mean that that's also a good idea. It's it can it does have it's problems as well, if you've got a small T_V_ and you're sitting on the other side of a room, it's hard to read the little text that comes up. Uh but that's a that's a design decision that we can make. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that that would be one of the features, yes. But it's it's it's something to bear in mind is that if we put a display on the remote control the c uh communication is one way, so you can't have the televisions and information back to the remote control, at least I don't think you can. Um I'm not sure. Is that going on? Okay. Uh that should be alright, actually. A kind of thing that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I Is it supposed to be shaped like a vegetable? Uh like uh I dunno, like uh carrots or something. Maybe, or Kind of like a potato. Yeah. Depends. When you when you use a remote, do you press the buttons with your thumb, usually? Or your fingers? Or maybe you want something that's shaped like a mobile phone, so you you hold it in one hand, and you press the buttons with your thumb. Yeah. Maybe. But if you've only got like four or five buttons anyway, then it's it's not so much a problem, perhaps. So you hold it in one hand and you press you press the buttons with your thumb and And you find that works quite well? Is that The button on an iPod, is it what is it, is it just four buttons or is it li more like a scroll thing? Right. Oh, I see, right, yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, that's quite a good design. Yeah. I think it could be difficult in practice, yeah. Also z yeah, 'cause you would be z looking down at the L_C_D_ screen, than back up at your T_V_ and people don't wanna do that. Like, to make it different fruits. Yeah, it's possible. I think maybe th the packaging, it should be like a lemon and the the packaging is like the peel. So instead of opening the box you just kind of peel it, and the remote control's inside. Don't know. Yeah, um I think it's good, as as long as we consider the the cost and the uh how reliable it is, but as far as I know, the technology is good. Al all circuit boards are pretty much the same, I think. Uh it's fairly fairly standard. Um I don't think we ne really need the scroll whe wheel. I mean it might be nice for changing the volume. Uh but I don't think it would really work. Yeah, you really need buttons for changing a channel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think yeah, I think a scroll wheel would be nice, but it's not necessary. Um Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yep. Um And I think if we wanna keep our costs down, we should just go for pushbuttons, 'cause then we can have a a simple chip and it's simpler, it's it's cheaper to make pushbuttons than it is a scroll button. So in terms of uh in terms of uh economics it's probably better to have pushbuttons. Yeah, yeah, it's uh it's it's fairly simple. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Yep. Uh what do you mean by supplements, exactly? Um Yep. Yeah. Um in Yeah. On off, uh volume, favourite channels, uh and menu. Yeah, yeah about yeah like yeah, a bit like radio presets. Um Uh we wouldn't even need the numbers. I think maybe numbers seems is kind of old-fashioned. Yeah, yeah, you can just and you need some kind of, I dunno, sort of up down kind of button, but the volume control could double for that, for example. Cool. Yep. Clay. I wasn't expecting that.