Good to see you all again. Let's see if that comes up. This is our functional design meeting. Um. Just a sec while my PowerPoint comes up. Et voila. Okay. Mm um we put the fashion in electronics. Let's start. Okay, our agenda today um just check the time, it's twelve thirteen. Um. I'm gonna do an opening, talk about um did you all get the minutes? I e-mailed them to you. I'm also putting 'em them in the shared folder. So um then I we'll talk about our general objectives and have your three presentations. Um I'll talk about the new project requirements I've just received, and then we have to make a decision on our remote control functions. Finally we'll just close. We're starting this meeting at approximately twelve thirteen and we have forty minutes. So First of all the functional design objectives. Uh we need to keep in mind the user requirement specification, what needs and desires are to be fulfilled, the functions design, what effects the apparatus should have, and the working design, how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function. Okay, three presentations, um you can go in any order you choose um. Sure, please do. Yes I do. Yeah. Function, F_ eight, yeah. The blue one, F_N_. Is it plugged in all the way and you screwed it in and Mm 'kay. It's taking it a little bit 'Kay there you go. Press the little presentation. It's the um it looks like a Y_ kind of over there above Draw. There, that one, there you go. Thank you very much. That was that was great. Um 's move on to the next presentation um on effects. Was that you? Great. Push. User interface, right. Interface. Mm 'kay, thank you. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Mm 'kay. Thank you very much. That was very useful. It's funny to see the drastic difference between those two remotes. Um. And neither of them were very pretty, you know? Mm. Mm. You there it is. Lovely. Hmm. Um the it's right above Draw. There are three thingy if it's way at the bottom. Under three icons and it's the one that looks like a desk. Yeah, that one. There are Y_s. You just press yeah, just click. That'll be fine. Um yeah use that thing you can go back, previous. Pardon. Oh, well. Okay. Ye Double click on it. With the right with the left hand one. There we are. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Excellent. So, um. Yes, absolutely. Ah I can never tell which way to turn these things. Lefty loosey, righty tighty, right? Lefty loosey, righty tighty. Oh yes. Mm 'kay. Um I have nothing on my screen. Just a sec. Here we are. Okay, yeah, it's fine. Okay, requirements. We have a couple new requirements that I was just e-mailed right before the meeting and that we have to keep in in um in mind as we're creating this. We didn't bring it up yet, or at all in the meetings so far, but we're not gonna work with teletext because um well it that's been taken over by the internet, so we're not gonna worry about um we're not gonna worry about that. Um. It no. W d could would you care to explain it? How? Okay. Interesting. Okay um, well, we're not gonna the management has decided we're not gonna work with that. Um Okay um and we're also gonna w like your question earlier um whether this is going to be t for television, video, or etcetera. Just for television. That's what we're focused on. Um otherwise becomes to complex, we wanna get this out um very quickly. We only have a a short amount of time. Um and finally there's more marketing, I think, um, our corporate image has to be recognisable. So while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design. Looks like, yeah, kind of a yellow and black and we have that the emphasis on the R_s in um mm-hmm. But it's, yeah, we put the um fashion in electronics. So we gotta keep that in that in mind. Yep. Yep. Yeah, or ha maybe some buttons could be yellow. Like, we can we can play around with it a little bit. Um. Okay, we need to talk about our functions and our target group. We need to decide who our target group is. You um in your analysis of different market um of the marketing, you identified that different groups wanted different things or had certain preferences, for example that um that older people didn't really care for um voice recognition, but younger people did. Um and so who are we aiming this at? Mm-hmm. It's gonna be twenty five Euro remember, so um it has to be avai marketable to um whomever it is. Well at least right now what we're doing is um deciding on just the remote itself, so it will probably be sold separately, twenty five Euro by itself. Now, those are that's all specific for speech recognition. Are we gonna use that as one of our functions? Mm-hmm. Mm. To produce it, yes. Mm. That's a good thing to keep in mind. Upgrade? Well, we can look for we can look at upgrade or we can look at um user-friendly. Simplification, so Uh-huh, mm. And we also need to talk about if we're only gonna have the very simple ones or also have the other ones just separate somehow or Kind of pull out of the side. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um we have to be careful that that that doesn't impede um the chip transmitting information, but um that's gonna be mostly technological thing. Um. Okay um, so what are we emphasising? I what in this project? Simplicity and fashion. Okay, those are very good goals, I think, um that we have to keep in mind in with everything we do. Simplicity and fashion and, yeah, or usability speci however you wanna say that, which includes um an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional, so that you don't have to travel around a lot. Um. I think it's a lot to do with battery, but that's just my Mm-hmm. So our target group, we're saying, fifteen to thirty five? S voice recognition, which I kind of I kind of feel like voice recognition is not necessary in a remote control, like it might be necessary for a T_V_ but not for the remote c, you know. Seems a little bit Mm-hmm. Yeah, and it might be too expensive. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Under sixty five, okay, that's a good start. Um. I'd say we're uh can we narrow it down to maybe um teenagers and families? 'Cause that would go up to like fifty? Okay, single It's it's hard to narrow it down. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So maybe it's more useful to d d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is because, yeah, things so different will appeal to different people, but Okay. Um oh, there're a couple functions do we want something so that do we want some kind of thing to find it if it's lost? Like a button on a T_V_ you can press and it'll ring or something, I don't know like or beep? Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay, we have to we have about four minutes left to define our functions. So let's do that quickly. Um so we want something to keep it from getting lost. And we want um we want large buttons for the essential things. Large, accessible buttons for the essentials. We want a possibility to um to get um a possibility to get the extra functions. Mm-hmm. Um, yeah, hidden way. And we also want it to be fashionable, which I'm not sure if that's a function so much as a um yeah Mm-hmm. Okay, do it. Any other essential functions that we need? Battery? Do we need a long-life battery? But we might as well. Yeah, I would imagine. Just 'cause it is an electronic device, the Charging. Mm-hmm. We have to think about um space in living-rooms, too, like 'cause they're I mean, would you put it on top of the T_V_? I don't know, just think okay, that's that's a good idea, we'll keep it. Think it's And maybe fun. Okay. Um 'kay we're gonna conclude now, has everyone said their functions and 'kay. Um after the meeting we're gonna each complete a sks um a questionnaire and a summaries summary. I don't know what summarisation. Um and then we'll have our lunch break. After that we have thirty minutes of individual work. Um I'll make sure to put up um the minutes and the project documentation and including these PowerPoint slides. If everyone could do that as well, that'd be great. Um you each have individual actions, I_ um I_D_ Industrial Design you've your components concept, User Interface, the user interface concept, market trend wa watching. And as as per last time you'll get specific incrat instructions from your personal coach e-mailed to you. And hopefully, I hope, next time you'll be able to access more of the web site that they they seem to tell you that you could. It's kinda frustrating, but um Be sure to note any frustrations or any um issues that come up in your um in your um summary. Mm 'kay? Great seeing y'all. Looks like there are um looks like there's a second one kind of of mine that's that I didn't do, it's from like an earlier project, I think so um Under the shared folder, I don't know it might not even be under yours as well. Projects. Okay. You don't have mine? S Mm. Okay. Well I'll figure that out in the meantime. Okay.