Hi I'm Chiara, I'm the um Marketing Expert. Um, would you like me to talk about my aims at the moment, or would you like me to just say my name and then we can talk about business later? We'll get round to that later. My name is Chiara and I'm the Marketing Expert. I think both. Who starts? We ought to decide who starts and all that. No? Uh-huh. Uh yeah. Well I had the cat as well, but uh I've got a spare one. So I'll use the spare one. Um but it's harder to draw um. Um. Uh. Um I don't really know how the legs go, but anyway I will do that. Um, and the main reason is they're pretty. I think they're very pretty and they go well with the environment, and I like the way they run and I used to do horse riding and they're just very sort of sturdy and nice animals. And I like the way um they feel, sort of under under the hand, I think that's pretty much it. Um How many should we sell then? Um, a lot, two two two million, two mi no, more f four million. Four million. And it well it's the profit so if a profit for each is twelve fifty, that'll do four million. It is a lot. Uh. Um, I think one thing is that it should be easy to find bec yeah bec Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. And even I think a little light. Um or even a maybe a vib a vibrating thing. I dunno but someth because it's usually under the sofa. In which case you're going to be l but if it has a sort of signal which isn't any sound I don't know if it's expensive maybe to Maybe call is enough. But yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. But even just a thing to attach it to the w you know if you had a thing, a pretty object attached to the wall. But that would really make it more expensive. But it's only a plastic thing, r really, the thing on the wall. Something like that. And the other thing is Not well it needs to be sort of Yeah. I don't think you need a But definitely not well I don't know. No, it can't be, uh-uh. Like spaceship. Right. Um Oh dear. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah. Select. Uh. But, would you have the screen on the thing, or would you have it on the telly transmitting the screen. Because Because, I don't know if it's I think it's e expensive, if you have if you use the telly screen, 'cause the telly's already a screen, then you can pro sort of have a programming function, really easy sort of arrow up and down, on the remote, and then use the telly as a screen. But um But yeah for sure. Something like not it's not on the button but it's telling you what to do, is that what you mean? Right. Mm. Yeah. But like mobile phones have screens and they're cheap. Yeah. Or some it i we can find out probably on the internet how much it's Um. Yeah, and the other thing you said that thing about robust and water um What was the word? Water resistant. No but it's I thought, ah, spot on. Good feel, tact tactile, good tactile feel, maybe something didn doesn't make your hands sweat lot. That's quite annoying. Yeah, clip. Ooh. Um. It says on that email but it It said um It said Yeah like Be a medium between you and the telly I think, that's uh Marketing. Oh it's written here, but um. Okay.