I think we all have a presentation again, so if we go through those and then um. Shall I go first again? I see this a little more smoothly than the last one. Okay right, let's get started. Um basically the uh for the Um I'll back actually. For the components design, um next step is basically the the way the remote's gonna work is still the same idea as before. We still have the user interface which is all the buttons we're gonna incorporate. Then there is a chip and still the sender. So um yes including the power s supply as well. Um I'll go on to my findings in each of these areas. Uh first in the power supply, we have the option of just the standard battery, um. There's a dynamo. Any of you think of kind of like the the old torches which you wind up um. There's a kinetic option, which if any of you've seen those new watches which you kind of you power up by waving around, um it just requires a small amount of movement which would mean the batteries wouldn't have to be replaced. Um that's one option, but I think that was gonna cost a little more. And then there's solar cells. Um as a final option. For the buttons, we have um an integrated push button, which is Oh just to say all all these are um supplied by Real Reaction. So I guess for the ease of for quickness and ease we should take them from at least like one of these options. Um so for the buttons there's an integrated push button, which I guess is just the same as the standard ones. This says it's uh similar to uh the button on the mouse for a normal for like uh like modern computer. Um there's a scroll wheel which is you know the new mouse has just got like the centre section which you can scroll up and down, which may be for the volume. You could do do that. Um one issue for the buttons is, depending on which material we use, if we use rubber buttons then it requires a rubber case, so we have to take that into consideration. Um moving on to the printed s Um that's on the next I th I think the there wasn't too much difference in the cost, that that related to the actual buttons, but it does affect the printed circuit board. Um which is the next section. Basically for the circuit board which is the middle, it's just see it down there the chips like the like the workings of the actual um of the remote. The firm supplies a simple, a regular and an advanced um circuit board. And there's different prices according to each. So if we've got the scroll wheel for one of the buttons, that would require a slightly more advanced circuit board than if we just had a standard um push button. Um one final thing we came up with was some information on the speech recognition. There's a small unit available through the company um which obviously would be an extra cost, but it wouldn't affect the size of the remote too much. Um and I guess that would require a more advanced circuit board, so there is an extra price in that sense. There is th sorry an extra cost in that sense. Um going to my personal preferences, um I thought possibly for power we could use kinetic um which is the idea of the watches um that you move you move the remote around to power it up. And this would avoid batteries running out, having to replace batteries and such like. Um for the buttons, I thought we'd probably get away with just having the standard um push buttons rather than the scroll wheel. Um and for the circuit board, again depends on which features we want in the actual in the remote. So if we wanted the scroll wheel and wanted the voice recognition, um then we'd have to get a a more costly circuit board. And that's it. Um i it kind of depends um if we're gonna have the speech recognition, we'd have to probably get an advanced one. I'm guessing. Uh but I don't know, so that is something I'll have to look into. Um that's a that's a decision for all of us. Um. Yeah yeah. We decide. Yeah. Um. Maybe w Um. Yes. Is there Um. We could do, yeah. Um yeah we should. As I say it only specified that we need a more advanced circuit board for the scroll wheel, it didn't The voice recognition came as a separate piece of information. Um. Yeah if if you down um. It's just this bit at the bottom which I've highlighted, but the scroll wheel requires a mini m minimally a regular chip, which is in the higher price range. Also the display's for something else which we decided against. Um but that bit And note that the push button just requires a simple chip, so that would keep the price down. 'Kay. So maybe just a simple push button, and that would cut costs on the Did everyone get this on the speech recognition? The um it was basically what we said before, the idea that you record in a set message, and then it picks up that message um and replies to you. So it is basically the concept we discussed before. Um but then we don't know for sure whether it would require a more complicated circuit board. I'm guessing it would, but got like the definite information. Maybe we should go on what we're certain of rather than Um if it's just the push button then it just needs the simple circuit board. So maybe that would be something separate, yeah. Okay, so we'd have a simple circuit board and that would be an extra that would be in addition to it. Oh that makes sense. Okay. Yeah that makes sense, so we'd stick with the simple circuit board and then think of the speech recognition as an extra an extra possibility. Okay. Um. Um yeah I I thought so just for just for ease of not having to replace the batteries. Um. It's um I think it works on the basis they have some kind of ball bearings inside. It's um it's some on watches which you you kind of you shake to power it up. Somehow the mechanism inside powers up through movement. So you'd you'd move the remote around a little bit and then that powers it up to use it. Uh yeah I think did we decide it didn't affect the circuit board, it just affected It was just Oh no th that's what that's what I thought, but maybe maybe it doesn't. Um I think I might have got that wrong. It's it's just an addition thing it's um yeah. 'Kay. 'Kay shall I pass on to you now? I assume it would cost extra, but Maybe we maybe we'll find out how much that does cost and have to decide slightly later. If you right click and then go onto a previous slide. Okay, right. Yeah, yeah. On the price, yeah. 'Kay. I guess I guess we're going for the biggest market, maybe not, but Was it was it specified that we went for the biggest? So maybe the children's remote should be like a a next step, but maybe I dunno for ours, maybe we should Yeah. So you also said for going for the international market um that some some maybe older people might not like the speech recognition. S s so um Yeah, yeah. It w it would make it quite complicated, where um ours at least keeps it fairly simple and then the Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes yes. So maybe we could have like Yeah. Yeah I I know what you mean. So maybe we could have volume written on the side and then up and down on the on the buttons themselves. Possible. Mm. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah we got it down to not too many. Um Are we are we gonna go through the design of all the buttons at the moment, or are we gonna t Yeah, maybe we should see yours first. 'Kay. Well I dunno I I guess maybe fruit and vegetables may be popular at the moment, but as we know how fickle the fashion markets are, maybe I mean it just seems realistic that the remote control market isn't the kind of thing which takes in those kinds of fashion trends. to something which is maybe more universal. We c maybe can imply a fruit shape possibly. Maybe the spongy feel is something we could think about, um. Maybe still with a rubber design we could Um. Oh yeah yeah one of the things were if you had rubber buttons then you had to have a rubber case. Um oh no no no sorry it's if you use the uh rubber double curved case then you must use rubber buttons. That's the way round. If you have the rubber case then you have to have the rubber buttons to go with it. Which makes sense. Um. Yeah. I suppose we maybe are limited in the fact that we still have to put the logo on the actual would or not. Yeah. Yes yes. Maybe we could think of the the cases like changing with the fashions like the Nokia phones where you could take the casing off the outside. But whether that would be too much to incorporate in production, whether that would just increase the costs, make it more complicated. Yeah the a the actual the sort of the look from the outside, so where the buttons would stay the same, and the general function of the remote would stay the same, but you could change the the way it looked. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. So it is a possibility, um. Oh okay yes that is Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And whether we'd have a big enough market to have this kind of like secondary market of selling the cases might be something to consider. Yeah. Yeah I suppose, where you you keep the remote hidden under the sofa most of the time. Yeah, less likely to So then th th that would Yeah. it seems to make sense that we we'd just maybe stick with the standard rubber case, and then have the standard rubber buttons as well. Um. Um. Mayb Maybe curves give it like the slightly more aesthetic feel? But the double curve wouldn't require us to perform miracles with the Plasticine. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. So shall we go through quickly and just work out what we've decide on, if we have to kind of 'Kay, so shall we quickly We'll go for single curve, yeah. Single curve. So did we did we decide on the kinetic power supply? The one you move around? Okay. Um Oh we ca Yeah yeah, we'll still have the Are we gonna go for the simple circuit board just to keep the cost down? I th I think we can by by not having anything too complicated. Um. Um. And see we could always decide against it if something comes up that's just something to that we seemed to leave out. Yeah, it was just 'Kay. We will go for the a a a apples apples. Okay. And then we're gonna are you gonna work on keeping the button design quite simple? Just like the Just working out what we're gonna do for the next time. Um. Yeah. 'Kay. And j yeah, just keeping the sort of the labelling them labelling of them fairly simple as well. Fairly sort of self explanatory. Okay. Is that the end? Okay.