It's sitting down. Yeah I'll have a go. Thanks. Alright, okay. Well since you guys have chosen the ones I wanted to do, I'll have to have to go for something a bit random. And also, my drawing skill isn't that great so, yeah. Okay, now I'm gonna have to change what is was originally gonna be because that looks like a beak now, so. Yeah, it can be a crocodile, it can be a crocodile. Well it was it was an at first firstly it was an attempt at a T_ Rex and then it sort of changed into a pelican but it can be a crocodile now actually. Yeah and uh I'll have to think on the spot of uh things that it is. Um uh scary, uh strong, yeah that's about it I think. Uh uh Wo Hmm. Okay. Uh S Uh Okay, some sort of bird. Ah eagle, right okay. They're good at golf. Yeah, no yeah, an eagle. It's about mm, mm yeah. Yeah, yeah, something like that, so that yeah about seventeen, seventeen Pounds, something like that. But Havi having said that though, if you wanna get one of those the the ones on the market at the moment they're s they're about twenty pounds anyway. So, it'd still be yeah, we had to buy one. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah uh. Use all the ones at the same time. Yeah, 'cause you Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, my grandad's actually better than me at using teletext, so. Yeah. Yeah, what it just needs to be as long as it's sort of self-intuitive and you can can work out what everything's doing, 'cause I mean, menus on sort of new phones now they've sort of got all these pictures and stuff which makes it fairly obvious what you're trying to do. But I don't know how Oh yeah. Yeah, I don't I don't know how for twenty fi, or twelve Euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get, you'd you'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white L_C_D_ thing anyway, I'd assume. Y Yeah. No uh uh Yeah. Just just a quick thing about the um about what you're saying about the uh does does it need to be fashionable? The sort of I I had a quick look at the company website and it's like the the uh we put the fashion into electronics, so I think think the whole design thing might be qui I mean you don't you you can still have plastic and it'd look quite good but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.