Right, so start of the first meeting. Uh. Right, so agenda of the first meeting. Where we uh We have twenty five minutes for this meeting. We uh are to get acquainted. So does everyone want to say who they are? that seem sensible? And I'm Alastair and I'm the project leader. Alright okay, so tool training. Um. Project plan. So does anyone have any uh thoughts as to the tool training that uh is required? Neither am I. Oh I see, so we shouldn't really be Oh right okay, so. So we have the project team, which is to um basically to come up with a new r remote control device. Uh we have uh the starting base was the original which has been in existence now for a period of time. And uh our idea is to uh to make the new remote control device uh more user friendly than the previous one, and to to be trendier, to be with it, and therefore to uh to get a bigger market share and bigger audience. So um method of doing this is uh split up as you can see into uh the functional design, the conceptional design, and the detailed design. So um in each of these uh phases we'll uh basically be handing over to yourselves, the designers of this uh this device. And uh having uh meetings so that we can uh during the course of the day um come up with a better better inst implement than we had before. And therefore um have a successful uh conclusion to the day. Um and you'll be doing uh various designs uh throughout the day to meet this end. So we've got tool training. Try out whiteboard. Uh. So we will um. Right so everyone's to uh supposedly uh draw their favourite animal over on the white board over there. I guess this is uh make sure the whiteboard works. So uh I don't know who wishes to go first. Do you wish to go f Have a first bash at uh whatever. Ah uh. But now you you uh you'll move out from the microphone and the camera. I take it that I would I would guess so. Or Technical problems. I mean you designers are meant to come up with these sort of things. Next. I don't see as there's any need to. There's plenty of space. I mean whatever. Exactly. We've had more time to prepare over this side, so we've all stuck our bits and pieces in our pockets. The three pens are underneath. You get marks for artistic impression. So you're just doing the face. Right, um. Well I've not actually had too many pets uh over my uh time 'cause to be honest with you uh I'm not too keen on them anyway. Not to worry. So what my daughters have got at the moment is they've got uh a few fish and so hopefully um won't prove too difficult to draw. Uh As you can see that my artist artistic work is useless as well. Anyway um. And uh one of the best uh things about fish is that they don't really take uh too much looking after because uh with most of the animals if you're going away on holiday or whatever, you've gotta spend money or get a friend or whatever to look after them for you. Whereas if you got fish, you just gotta put the food in a a a dripper feed which feeds them over the uh couple of weeks that you're away and uh change the water every couple of months, and buy in a few plants, so. Other than the fact that they keep dying, uh fish are uh are not are are are reasonable pets in that uh they're low maintenance. Right. Okay, uh if we're still all with us. Right okay, so. Work has been done on uh this uh project where by um twenty five Euros is uh the uh expected uh selling price. That information has come from our marketing manager here. So we're looking to sell internationally, not just in Europe. We're looking at um having our production costs limited to uh twelve and an half Euro per unit. And therefore making a profit margin of uh well not actually a profit margin it's uh because obviously you're gonna have overheads and various other costs to uh take uh from uh from that to give you your profit margin per unit. And so depending what the uh the overhead uh costs are will determine uh how many units we're uh looking to sell or projecting to sell at this point in time. So um Experience with remote control, first ideas. New remote. So I guess we're looking at um having a discussion at this point in time to help uh you um folks design our our new model as it were. So uh any any thoughts? Okay, so so basically we're looking for some um we're looking for a device that is um robust and and therefore uh won't get damaged too easily. Um we're looking for a device that is uh What was the other things you said there? Easy to use. Use. And see. Okay. Uh. Mm-hmm. Oh I w um basically I'll get back to you on that. But it seems to me sensible, 'cause as you rightly said, there's nothing more annoying than having three or four devices littered about the uh about the room. And uh So a device for for all remotes. Hmm. But is it in a sense it's r um mutually exclusive. You can't have both the th the one device and then have few buttons on it to 'cause you want you want simplicity as well, you want any idiot to be able to use it. Whilst at the same time you want, as you rightly said, one remote for all. And so these are probably mutually exclusive options that uh Hmm you could argue that experience of using devices and similar devices as people get more and more used to using remotes, therefore they're more with handling them, therefore you can make them more complicated as time goes on. Better instructions. Mm-hmm. Okay. Um well we've got five minutes before the end of the meeting. So uh we have to uh start winding up. Um is there Next meeting in thirty minutes. So um Right, so we've got I_D_ the Come on, where's my Oh there we go. Yeah. That's what I was looking for. Right. So we've got function Oh what happened to the Right. Right. Sorry about that. Okay, so we've got um the working design for I_D_. For U_I_D_ the technical functions design. Marketing, the user requirement specification. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your person by your personal coach. So. Are we all clear what objectives we're looking to meet in the next thirty minutes? And I guess I'll try and write up some minutes of uh this meeting to uh to give it to you for the next meeting. Television remote control. That's true, 'cause during during the course of our day we might make decisions based on information or meetings that would change where we're going. But at this point in time I think you're right that uh shall we make it just a T_V_. Okay? So we will depart. We will stay here and uh and break off. And I'll do minutes and and we'll see you in half and hour. Okay. Right s