Mm-hmm. Okay. I g yeah. Time is it? Okay. Lovely to see you all again. Um it's our conceptual design meeting and it's starting at approximately fourteen twenty five and so we have forty minutes for this one again and so we'll go just after three o'clock. Um okay our agenda, we're gonna do an opening, I'm gonna review the minutes of the last meeting, then we'll have your three presentations um and then we'll have to make a decision on the remote control concepts, and finally we'll close. So opening. Um these are our minutes from r the functional design. We decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it, because we have international appeal and we said it's for all age groups, different um functions of it. Our main objectives were simplicity and fashion. And s um in specific functions are something to keep the remote from getting lost, large buttons for the essential functions, a possibility for extra functions, like a sliding a sliding piece and a long-life battery or a charging station. Okay, now three presentations. I'd like to do it in this order, first do the conceptual specification of components, properties and materials um and then the conceptual specification of user interface and finally trend watching. Mm. 'kay. Function F_ eight it. There we go. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Yeah, I wonder Mm-hmm. Just an interesting marketing kind of element. Uh just a real quick question um the weight of these different elements, have you no idea, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm 'kay. Thank you, perfect. Um if you made notes yourself you can put those on our um underneath our oh, uh in your book, then don't worry about that. 'Kay now we're um concepts concepts of user interface. Yeah, um. This one's so much tighter than the other one. Okay. Nope. There we go. Here you are. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. I do think that um one of the important features for a remote is seeing a menu and seeing what's on. Um and so like favourite channels is is applicable, but I think th that you do need to have some kind of function where it's um you have t you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it. Like I I know I use that often enough. Well if it if it was a L_ L_C_D_ on th on the remote, I don't know that you could f that you'd be able to see a Okay. Okay. 'Cause that would be more specifically a digital box, mm-hmm. Mm. Okay, now we're moving on to market. Marketing. Eight. Oops, it's not plugged in, quite in well enough. There we are. Mm 'kay. S sweet. Okay, do we have any s some questions for this, let's see um. Um do you have any ideas how to possibly use these? Um how to how to use a fruit or vegetable or um or the spongy material at all? Like could we make a s like could we make a spongy remote? It would be easier on the hands. It's kind of and then it we would have to find a way to protect like the chip and all that, I dunno. But Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. F for sure, or maybe like um couple main ones being like, I dunno, lemons or strawberries or something. Could they be smelly? I don't know. Or carrot shaped, mm. Like large button, that's what I was thinking of, yeah. Might would you think you you do you think you'd be able to hold it? 'Cause I think the reason they're long is yeah. Harder to push. I usually hold it in one hand. Maybe But then the buttons would have to be very small. Don't you think? But I mean in order to get to all of them, you know. They would have to be within a certain amount of space with each other. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's a scroll, yeah, it's a wheel. The one I have doesn't have the four on i like around it, I don't think. Mm. Okay um we have we've about fifteen minutes left, so I'm I'm gonna continue with my pres presentation. Um I've one more slide before we close, but in that slide is when we need to make decisions about this these kinds of things, so I'll just bring that up and show you all before we move on. Um Yeah, and then like the the covers could be spongy latex wherea but the actual model could be titanium. Ah hmm hmm hmm. Okay, um components concept. Energy, chip on print. G That's th th this is the agenda they gave me. So can you just explain what that is real quick? Mm-hmm. I think it's awesome. I think it's really cool. Okay. If they're if they're really options. Okay. Um okay, then we'll move on to the case. Um oh bu I guess maybe if we decided on like a simple, a regular, or an advanced chip, maybe. It would be nice for changing the volume, but I don't know how useful it'd be for changing the channel. 'Cause you don't have control over numbers or We have five minutes left for the meeting, so. So, have a scroll for volume? F Um. I think w well I think when we go on to the une userface, we're gonna have to decide the interface we're gonna have to decide um whether we're gonna have a scroll or not. Okay, let's do case. I'm a little um I'm a little hesitant about it, because I'm worried about protecting the stuff on the inside. Um Yeah, I would be more okay with like a titanium actual thing and then maybe like a mobile phone kind of thing. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Ge o Okay. So we uh we do want latex. Okay. Latex. Um and probably in colours, maybe fruity, vegetable colours. Fruity colours. Okay um let's go to the ufe user interface then we'll come back to the chip I suppose. Well, we don't really know what the difference is, right? Yeah. Um okay, interface, the type and the supplements. So push or scroll, right? Or both? Mm-hmm. And if we had a sc an on-screen um kind of thing that you could scroll through, like you can use your buttons to scroll through things. I think that yeah. For channel surfing I think a scroll an actual like an iPod's kind of scroll thing would be too fast, I dunno. Mm-hmm. Is that okay with you? How you feeling? Mm-hmm. It might be cool enough. Okay, so we're gonna go with um type pushbuttons, and then supplements, how are we gonna do that? Um I assume that's what else we're gonna like h ha the um the additional buttons we can use. So we're gonna have like a menu button, so that we can access on-screen things then? Okay, um so we're doing an on-screen menu that we can scroll through. Pre-set channels and then we're gonna need um numbers one through zero, right? Well, but in order to pre-set a cha oh I guess you can just hold it down when you get to one when you're scrolling through. Mm-hmm. Okay, um finishing the meeting now. Um our next meeting starts in thirty minutes, um you each have things to do, look and feel design, user interface design, product evaluation, and you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay. You'll get specific instructions from your personal coach. Um did we decide on a chip? Let's go with a simple chip? Okay. We are done. Thank you everyone. Oh I di these are already in our shared folder, so.