Hi everyone, hope you had a nice lunch. Um. Alright we're moving on to conceptual design. Um, I'll just review what we did in our last meeting. Um, under marketing we targeted our audience, and Um, yeah. That was generally how helpful that was. Um, then we considered some design options with how it should look, um, we discussed an iPod-like button system which, uh, we haven't concluded but we're Right, um So, if you all have presentations to do, we can see what where you've come from our last time. Does everyone have presentations? Okay. Would anybody like to go first? Okay. And why not wood? And why not wood? 'S good. Hmm. Mm. I think it's the next it's the blue one, yeah. Yeah but you're not gonna wear your remote control. Oh we s hadn't discussed it last time. You need a screen for it? We're, um, we're actually not having D_V_D_, that was one of th I I was sorry, I I meant to update you on that. Um. Yeah. Yeah. You've Yeah, I know what you're saying, you have to But but imagine someone with s But i what if you have satellite and you have like two hundred channels. Then to get to channel one eighty nine you have to Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah I mean with that many options, you'd uh I'd think that the screen would be better, because you could have that menu option, sort of Yeah. Yeah. Uh. Mm. Mm. Yeah. So the T_V_ is the screen, that yeah So it would have all these different options of changing to Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Um, right. What if I mean, if you're thinking of the design of it now, like the a you know, physical attributes, um, and you just have this, it's like just a long silver thing, or whatever we're thinking. I mean are you you gonna have any buttons on that besides power and this thing? Or Yeah. So can we imagine that this would be smaller than the remote controls that you showed us before. I mean okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've seen some people just going like that with their thumb, yeah. Yeah. But, were there buttons on there as well? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. What if, um, you had like a b a cover that went over buttons that you don't use very much? Like you so you could slide it up if you needed to like change the contrast or something like that? So the options are there but they're not in interfering with the design and the practicality of it. Do do you know what I'm talking about though? Like, uh, yeah just something Yeah, that you can flip over, yeah, yeah. Yeah I mean I guess that's the thing is is if w I if we can do this, that'd probably be Yeah, yeah. So I guess we have to look into the, um, like, the programming, how this how they actually programme these things, and if that's yeah. I mean it would y would that would be Huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, you don't know they mean, yeah, it's like yeah. Mm. And it is technologically innovative in a way, so that fits with the B Yeah. Oh god. Ah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean definitely the area round it. Yeah. An orange. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So what if what this is I'm just forming this idea in my head of how this thing is looking. If you have like that stress ball material kind of as what you're actually holding in your hand, so like what you're feeling is comfortable, and then there's more of a hard plastic thing where that thing is. And on that hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that's on there. Is that kind of I 'cause I I'm thinking of silver because those are our company colours. Um I mean how are you how are you all envisioning by what we've just the feedback we've just got about the A ball? Yeah. This is just Okay. Say that's the s say that's the squashy bit. Squashy. That see I was thinking this s sorry I was thinking this bit here would be the cover and like that's your actual thing. And like this you could have like you could have like cherries and things around there. Um but I was thinking if it was like this 'cause the way you were describing the the iPod and the thi the roll thingy It's almost like your thumb is farther up, so if if you could squish it lower then Yeah, I know what you meant, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. Well that's not very neat, but Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. It was, yeah, silver and yellow. It l it looks like I don't Yeah. I mean that's another question, where are we gonna we we should have the logo somewhere on it. Yeah. Yeah, th and that would that Mm-hmm. I don't know what the rest of my notes mean because they were made for me. But if someone components concept. Question mark. Energy. Question mark. Was that you? Okay. Oh right right. Yeah. Um, so what d but what do we know about energy? I mean we're gonna use batteries right? And I think batteries sound good. What does everyone else think? What about Kryptonite? Yeah. What does chip on print mean? Uh-huh. Okay. Right. So, chip on print is just means like that they're mass-produced. Okay. And case? Uh I guess that's what we've been talking about, yeah. Casing. Yeah. thinking of like syntactic case and thi um let's see. Is there anything else we need to talk about? Oh when we move on, you two are going to be playing with play-dough. Um, and working on the look and feel of the design and user interface design. And you're gonna be doing protu product evaluation. So you'll get mm m more instructions from your personal coach. Mm. See you soon. Does it matter that I end early? How how early is it? I didn't get a pop-up thing that said