Yes. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Like the skin? Yeah. Okay. So the actual remote would be hard plastic and the casings rubber. Okay. And the buttons obviously are rubber. Okay. Mm-hmm. I guess it's a bit scary 'cause it hasn't been done before. So it seems we'd have to do more research on it. Or I dunno if you could have a battery pack. Yeah so there's there is a one battery, because most remotes use two batteries I believe. So, if it was running off of one battery as a Right. Although it needs some light, doesn't it? So, if we're doing yeah. If we're Yeah. Yeah. I think sometimes it's just shoved under, under a cushion, and yeah. Yeah. So it's just draf graphical for the pointing aspect? The infrared is like, that's considered a Okay. So when it says pointing device that doesn't include Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. I think if we go with the um design plate thing, we'll have to. Just because of colour clashing, and if we wanted to, so and, and we might, I mean, depending on what comes out of the design, we might have to stick to just black buttons. You mean different colours for the lighting or Mm-hmm. Oh I see what you're saying. Well y Oh so you're picturing the light is coming from the back. I kinda pictured it as kind of coming from the sides and lighting it up frontwards. But, but I guess, you mean from the back. Okay. Okay. Right. Mm-hmm. Oh. Yeah. They, they insert over. Okay. T Okay is that my turn then? Alright. I have a shorter report for you today. Um, it took a while to get this, uh Uh. Oh. That's a very good point. Okay, so um, this report is about uh trend-watching. Um, basically so we can live up to our, our uh purpose of having a very fashionable remote control. Sorry. There we go. Um So, just so you know, my method was mainly web web-based research this time around. I also spoke with fashion experts in Milan, New York and Paris. And I looked at the design reports from previous years, here at Real Remote. Um, just so c we can work off of them, see how fashions have changed. Um, so I'll list the three most important aspects that I've come across. Um, and they, they're each more important than the one that comes after it. Uh, the first one is that there should be a fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look-and-feel. Um, this should be our priority, as we've been saying. The second most important aspect is that a remote sh that the remote control should be technologically innovative. So, I think we've done a lot of talking about that, just with lighting and the buttons and the face-plates. Um, so it looks like we'll be able to keep on track with that. And the third most important aspect is that the remote control should be easy to use. So, pretty basic there. And the recent fashion update, uh, according to fashion-watchers in Paris and Milan, is that fruit and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothes, shoes and furniture. Um, also, in contra uh in contrast to last year, the feel of the material is expected to be spongy. Again, we've already discussed that with rubber versus hard plastic buttons. Um So, my personal preferences here, um of course, as we, we've already talked about the personal face-plates in this meeting, and I'd like to stick to that. The fruits and vegetable themes, I don't know if that's going to work for us. It sounds something that you'd use on kitchenware. I don't know if we wanna do it on remotes. It could be one of the options. Maybe for the television that people have in their kitchen. Um, the temporary light-up idea, sounds like we're gonna stick to that. And then, uh, tying in a trendy look with user-friendliness. Mm-hmm. It's, it's a little but it, it's everywhere. So maybe we I've seen a lot of purses with olives on them, you know. But I I think, I think if we stick to T_V_ based, you know, maybe T_V_ shows, or Or colour schemes. Right. Yeah. The The essence of strawberry. Yeah. I guess, yeah. One thing I was thinking though is I dunno if you all remember from our kickoff meeting, we talked about our favourite animals. So maybe there could be animal-based, you know. Because a lot of people have a house cat. Or, or a dog. Um, that might be getting, you know, too specific, and we should see what the success of the first face-plates are. But it's something to keep in mind. And, did you have any questions? Pretty straightforward? Okay. There you go. Have you guys been saving your PowerPoint presentations to the okay. The PowerPoint? So So if it's not working they just have to shake it a bit and that revitalises it? Okay. Mm-hmm. Oh, is regular not simple? Right right right. Think it was called command interface. Command interface,. Mm-hmm. That was on, um one of my presentations. About how often it was used. Do you remember that? I w Should I bring it up? The ch t Screen settings was used um zero point five times an hour. So tw twice every once every two hours. Um, and it was considered a one point five relevance, on a scale of ten. That's brightness, colour, tone, all that. Mm-hmm. The other one was audio settings. Mono, stereo, pitch. I mean I sometimes use that. Some T_V_s will have the option of like living room style, movie style, um and that, they say that's used zero point eight times an hour, which is actually somewhat high. Like almost once an hour. Um, relevance of two. Well that didn't some up on mine. Oh. Yeah I guess that it affects the marketing, 'cause it, mm it is a good sales ploy to say, aren't you annoyed with remote controls that have all these buttons. This one has channel, volume and your channe and your power. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Now do you guys need want an idea of how many uh are you gonna come up with casing ideas? Like f five different Mm-hmm. Yeah you can have some fun with the buttons, it's true. Yeah. I guess what you i ideally you'd kind of think of age markets as well. So it's a something that will, you know, appeal to the fifteen to twenty five year olds. Something that your granny would want on her remote control. Um, and international tastes as well, so Not easy. Okay.