Eight. F_ eight. Just jus yeah. cable there. Thank you. Okay. Gonna talk to you about the working design of the interiors basically which is what dictates the design the both the interface basically and the outer appearance because this is all the stuff that needs to go in there. Right. So unfortunately the people who were supposed to do this little presentation for me obviously were too drunk to actually accomplish it, so um I'm going to do a lot of the stuff on the board. Um just This is the basic basic premise of a remote control. Um the basic function is to send messages to another system. Okay so much is clear. An energy source feeds an integrated circuit, like a chip, that can compose messages. Often in the form of infrared bits. This is the most mostly used. Um there's uh also some sound systems but infrared is the better or the more more used system. Um parts are cheaper as well. A user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages. This is where my people screwed up basically. So I'm going to explain that on the board rather. Um what we have is different components that obviously need to go in there. We'll start with an energy source. Right. Um which is usually a battery right? Since it's not feasible to add a cable to that. This energy source of course is connected to the the user interface itself. Uh which can be buttons, whatever, which in fact controls a chip. Right? This is the user interface and there we have the chip. Um the way this goes normally is that this chip then controls an infrared lamp. That sends out the signal. Of course the signal differs accordingly. Um depending on what the chip tells the infrared lan lamp. And Of course that's controlled, the chip itself is controlled by the user interface. The way you normally normally do it is that you add a little device such as a lamp to the whole thing as well, so that you know that it's working basically. You press something, you get a response. Which is also comparatively um important on one of those devices. Now this, what we're talking about here, or what I think should be discussed are these two components mostly. The the uh energy source for one thing can be altered. What we probably cannot alter is of course the infrared, the sending device basically, the infrared lamp. We cannot change the chip which controls the infrared lamp. Right? These two are components that we have to use, and these are dictated by the whole function of the whole thing. Um the lamp can be put onto the desi the device. It c it doesn't have to be there. This can be discussed as well. The user interface. That's something we can also discuss. Um as we've heard uh speech recognition is the hype obviously in the moment. Speech recognition um interface, we don't know that. Or if we just do the usual button thing. Or we have a touch pad or something like that that's something we can discuss. And of course the energy source. Batteries. Solar cells. Who knows? Of course it's always a question whether these these components are in fact available cheap enough, developed enough. But that's like I s I suppose rather up to marketing, and not to to the industrial design department. Expensive it's gonna be get uh. Yeah. Right. Oh right. go. Mm-hmm. Well you still do. You s you still W yeah. You put it on t on the couch table. While you're watching, it's gonna roll off. So that's not an issue really.. Right. That's Mm. Right. Hm. That's the classical design. Right. Yeah. Talking of which maybe a scrolling function is not not too bad. It's Talk about maybe f look at that from the side, there maybe. Which is technically the easiest option. Would probably be like a scrolling, little scrolling wheel like this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. Yeah, sort of like that. You can even if we're coming from mice, we can even add a click function, where you, in order to verify the information you just press it down. Right. Also when it comes to the ergonomics of the whole thing, if you wanna make it square for the looks of it, then maybe to make it more comfortable to hold the whole thing, you add a little bulge down here. Just which maybe from an engineering point this could be holding the the batteries and so on. I know. You know what I'm getting at here, fel look at it from the side. It's like that. Right. Uh Then you hold it in your hand like this. And maybe you bring the buttons nearer to the or the imp more important buttons nearer to the to the side. Right. Mm. Right. You can also have it, maybe, talking about mobile phones again, sliding open. With the lesser used functions on this part, and then it slides into that part. And out. Mm well I was just thinking, this this of course causes causes a problem um for left or right-handed people actually. So. Right. Right. That's right. Right. That minimises it size-wise as well. Mm. Then there's maybe another point of making it a two-in-one kind of thing. If we have a smaller a smaller device that actually fits into the big one. You give it the full functions in here, and just a couple of functions in there. Like your zap zapping device is just u channels up-down, uh volume, and on-off. That's it. Maybe. That's right. Means the big one has to be sufficiently big. And perhaps heavy, so you can't move it around. Make it a piece of furniture. yes. Yes, there you go. Or a statue or something. Right. Alright. Alright. Alright.