'Kay. I'll go first. No Nathan's fine. It's either Nathan or participant two. Uh. Okay. Um, basically what I'm gonna have to talk to you about today is um component design and it's been brought to my attention that we may be somewhat limited as to what we can do because of what our manufacturer offers, so Basically what I'm gonna be doing is talking to you about that. Um, components of a remote control, okay. We've already kind of gone over this but we're gonna have to get into more detail and probably have to reach some conclusions some time soon. Energy source, um, our manufacturer offers a variety of energy sources, your standard battery, solar cells. Our manufacturer didn't say anything about lithium so we might have to look if we do go that route, we might have to look elsewhere. Um, and also there's a kinetic energy possibility. Basically, it's like a um the idea of moving the remote would create enough energy to keep it running. So that's one possibility but I don't know whether that would be powerful enough to illuminate a touch screen. So we'll have to look into that. Um, the case, we have a few options, plastic, rubber or wood. Um and then as far as the way it's shaped, we can do standard boring flat, which we probably don't wanna do, curved or very sexy double curved. Um, I imagine that we could specify. Um, I don't see any reason to go outside of the convention of three or four millimetres. Yeah. Um, the buttons, there are multiple scroll buttons available from our manufacturer, but to use those we'd have to use more chips, um and that would cost us more. And if we do go with the rubber doubled curved case um we'll have to use rubber push buttons because the other buttons aren't compatible with that. Um and just a little note there, touch screen equals many chips which equals many Euro. Um, one thing that I noticed was that most remotes operate on a infrare on the infrared part of the spectrum. So you notice when you push a button on a remote you can't see anything coming out of it but in fact there is light coming out of the remote and you know the television can detect that. And if you were to record if you were to make a video recording you could actually see the light. Uh one thing that I thought might be interesting was to use part use visible light coming out of the remote, just kind of as a fun gimmick. So you could actually see something coming out of the remote when you pushed it. Course it'd have to be a part of the spectrum that wouldn't damage the human eye or anything like that. Yeah. I am sure that we could do that. Um, of course Yeah, just as a fun gimmick. Just to set us apart a little bit. Um, and then on to the circuit board that we're gonna use, also known as the chip. Uh, we really don't have any way around the T_A_ one one eight three five. Um findings, okay, we're very limited by what our current manufacturers can offer, um and my question to all of you is, should we look to other manufacturies or should we just make do with what we have available? 'S a bit of a challenge question. Right, that's my concern too. Um, if we do go the lithium battery route then we'll have to go outside our current manufacturer. My personal preference is I'll just throw my cards on the table, uh I think we should probably go the solar battery route, just to kinda keep with the environmentally friendly theme that we have going on. Uh, I like the idea of the visible light signalling, that's something to set us apart and uh I was thinking about I was thinking of ways that we could produce the remote in a variety of different case materials to suit different tastes. So we're not so confined by one style and say some you know, say our the one if we just go with one and it doesn't go over well then we're in a bad situation. Oh yeah, you're welcome. Mm. Mm. Hmm. I should have mentioned this um. As far as the rubber that we can use we can use a rubber as part of the case, it has a consistency of those stress balls. Mm. I like the idea of of rubber too because it's tends to be associated with being durable, something that you can drop and it doesn't matter. 'Cause so many you go to so many houses these days and you see broken remote controls. Taped with duck tape and what have you, you wouldn't have that problem if you used rubber. Mm. No. Yeah. My estimate is that in order to incorporate touch screen technology it's gonna cost us upwards of seventeen fifty Euro per remote, yeah that's just an estimate though. I know. It's fun. I thought there was some flexibility with that. That's just off the top of my head, it is pending further emails. Right. It is the new it would be in a class of its own. It's true. We could initially go with what we have and if we can find them cheaper later on Yeah. I think if we we do both the obviously production costs are going to go way up um but it does put it into it'd become the Rolls Royce of remote controls basically. It would be very nice. Yeah, 'cause you you just upping the number of chips that you need to deal with each different function. I would have to side with that, I think the voice recognition is simpler, we already have the all the technology in-house, it's ready to go, it's packaged, it's Um, this is just off the top of my head keep in mind, but I think the voice recognition would they're both mm they're both gonna push the costs up, but um, since we already have the technology in-house for the voice recognition we're not gonna have to do as much design work and sometimes the design work is what push the costs up, if you know what I mean. Yeah. Are we going to talk now about um the materials that we're gonna use for the case and all those things? Okay. Um, the solar power definitely would be but I think just to keep people from getting annoyed, 'cause sometimes solar power fails and there's no way round that, we should install a small backup battery. Just to cover those moments when for whatever reason, the remote hasn't been exposed to It's true. Yeah, it works about the same as a solar powered calculator, and you know how those those don't really require that much light, um, but obviously a little more light than a calculator, but we're not talking about a lot of light. Doesn't have to be out taking a sunbath for a few hours a day or anything. Hmm. Why, why moving away from hand-held, why? What's the uh idea? Hmm. Do you think people that are people that buy a remote, are they always gonna wanna use the voice recognition or is it just something that they do sometimes. Right. I think, I think you're on to something because we need to escape the traditional shape of a remote. Maybe something that looks nice on a table is would be good, even though and hand-held the same time. Yeah, those are nice. Mm. Okay. Right. Just kind of the squishy feel. Sorry about the uh lack of information on cost, I just haven't been provided that information by our manufacturers and I'm just having to guess. Right. If, if we're not going the touch-screen route then we can um just incorporate maybe something that folds out like what you often see on these kinds of remotes is the most basic functions up here and something that slides down to reveal the you know more complicated things. Yeah. Right. So are we gonna are we talking we need to figure out what kind of buttons we're going to use, are we going to use scroll buttons? Rubber buttons? Um Right. Right. So have we decided that we are gonna go with different style cases for different people? Or are we just going to go with one? ..It's very, it's very hard thing to predict because you have different cases and that might open up your market a little bit obviously, but if you have just one case and it doesn't go very well mm. It's a tough situation, but obviously having more cases also costs more so There's an idea. Right. Oh excellent yeah. That sounds good.