Yeah, I've got one too. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. There's usually a little thing in the top right for the Oh hang on, it's just coming on. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um I'm not sure. I had I've had some market information, but not from the company, no. Okay. 'Kay. I'm gonna pull this off. Uh-huh. Okay. I'll give it another go. Yeah, there we go. Right, we've done some research into the functional requirements that people want out of their remote control. And first off we should state that th the remote control's for controlling the T_V_ and um how do people use it? We asked them sort of which buttons were useful for them. Um how d how does a remote control look and feel for them, and what improvements would would they like to remote control. And we did that by sort of giving them a questionnaire that we'd prepared and asking them to fill in the answers. And three quarters of them found that remote controls are ugly and that a sort of even higher proportion would spend more for a sort of s uh a fancier remote control And that of all the buttons on the remote control, the sort of setting buttons for sort of the picture picture and brightness and the audio settings, um they weren't used very often at all. People concentrated on the channel buttons and the volume buttons and the power buttons. Uh we also asked them about speech recognition uh for remote control. And young people were quite receptive to this, but as soon as we got sort of over about into a thirty five to forty age forty five age group and older, people people weren't quite so keen on speech recognition. There's a lot more th there's a lot lot more older people who didn't know whether they wanted it or not as well. Um we also asked what frustrated people about remote controls and the number one frustration was that the remote was lost somewhere else in the room and that they couldn't find it. And the second second biggest frustration what that if they got a new remote control, it was difficult to learn um all the buttons and all the functions, and to find your way around it. Okay, so My personal preferences from the marketing is that we need to come up with some sort of sleek sort of good looking high high-tech A design which looks high-tech, basically. Um and that we should come up with fewer buttons than most of the controls on the market, and we should sort of concentrate on the channels and sort of power, and also volume and that sort of thing, as as Louisa said. Um we could maybe come up with a menu, a sort of a an L_C_D_ menu for other functions on the remote control. That's worth thinking about. Um and maybe we could think about speech recognition as well, because um sort of young people are perhaps the ones that are gonna buy buy our new product if we aim it at sort of you know sort of a high-tech design. That that might be the market that we're we're looking for. And we could maybe think about using speech recogniti recognition as a way to find the remote control if it's lost in a room, rather than sort of um having it to speech recognition to change the channels. 'Cause there's a problem with that in that the television makes noise, so it could end up talking to itself and changing its channel. Okay um, and that's the end of the slide show. That's it. Cool. Um about speech recognition? Yeah. Youn young people pref Yeah, they s they said that they'd be interested in a remote control which offered that possibility and as you go up through the age groups, people got less and less interested in sort of a a remote control that you could talk to, so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah, we'd have t that would mean we'd have to put two products together as well, which which again would probably be a bit expensive, but Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um would it take quite a while to sort of develop the speech recognition software in the remote control? Considering Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So About five minutes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yep. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So do we need to decide on the functions now? S Mm-hmm. Yeah and Yeah and that was that was the number one sort of frustration that people said, so. I don't think there's anything else on the market that does that, so. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No not everyone can whistle, can they, though? No, clapping, I think clapping, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Taking out teletext, okay. Mm. I think nowadays you can just get ones where it gives you a sort of a second or two to press another number, so you can press any two and it'll sort of put them together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh we could possibly put an L_ a sort of a L_C_D_ menu in, but that again is probably an expense that Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I s I suppose um if people are buying remotes, then they're probably buying it to replace another remote 'cause all most tellies come with remotes, so. I mean we're maybe talking about replacing remotes for slightly older televisions, so we maybe need to keep the the tuning function in. Yeah, that would be a good idea, yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Uh I'm not sure whether the sort of having people have a booklet 'cause one the second most annoying thing that people found was having to learn the new one. So maybe next to each of the buttons, you know each of them could have a number and then also a function written next to it, so you're basically pressing Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So th the The detailed ones would be sort of brightness, uh sorta Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And probably a power one as well. Dunno. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um 'cause yeah the market research said there is quite a lot of people do just zap around and flick, so. Um. Numbers is ten, volume is twelve, th Yeah si One up, one down. And a mute, yeah. That's sixteen isn't it, yeah. I don't think so, no. You've got brightness and contrast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then maybe sort of an enter button for sort of s you know, saying that you want that particular thing tuned in. So you go up and down and then it pick it finds something and then you wanna press enter to select it, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Okay.