I could Could the middle button of the on-screen menu function as a power button? If you like held it down, that would be on off. Sorry, what's the yellow one in the middle, I forgot. But if it's like under covers or like in a couch you still can't see it. I feel like this is simil or it's sort of what already exists so if we're trying to think of something sort of like new and fun, even though this is like what you're init I'm initially drawn to, just 'cause it's like comfortable and like not different. I sort of like this one, like I I don't know why, it just it's like small but still sort of like cute looking, I dunno. But I also like the b the side buttons on that one, like I think that's kind of neat. But I dunno how much any of this has to do with the fashionable, sort of cool looking thing that we also need to focus on. Ah, there we go. Well do we w like I think we're supposed to have one that we do it for. That was I was a little vague on what exactly I'm supposed to do, but let me I have to like write something on the whiteboard, so. No, I actually don't have like a PowerPointy thing, 'cause I think it would be redundant. I dunno. Okay, so which one are we sort of roughly looking at to address whether or not it meets our s um necessities, the yellowy one is that Okay, well we can obviously change it after we go through each different one. So basically what we need to do is some of the things that we've talked about before we need to make sure that that remote actually does conform to the things that we said it was going to. So what we sort of wanna do is that we each need to separately rank each of the following things and then I'll tabulate an average just to make sure that it does meet that. So we'll just go through them one at a time and we'll just go around and each of you can tell me on a scale of one to seven with one being really extremely true and seven being not true at all, or false, if the remote that we've created conforms to the following criteria. So we can do this one first. First we wanna know if it meets the fancy look and feel um objective. So like in my opinion the for now at least, the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle so I'm gonna say it's like a three. That's just my opinion. What does each of you Okay, well give it a number, sorry. Okay. And two, awesome. Alright, and same sort of scale for functionality, is it functional? I think it's extremely functional, I'm gonna give it a one. One? Okay. Okay. Well there's some other ones, I will address that, yeah. Awesome, okay. Um we wanna know next if it's technologically innovative. Yeah, she said it was one. Um is it technologically innovative? Mm. Not really, I mean not so much, 'cause we we don't have the L_C_D_ screen, we don't have fancy chip. Other than what it looks like, I dunno if it's really I kinetic battery is a big one, so. Mm. But it but we know it's there. And if it's made of like latex, that whole idea, that's pretty cool. I'll give it a three. 'Cause it we could've picked a lot of features that would've made it really Alright. Everyone else? Mm 'kay. Next, is it easy to use? Just so you know, easy to learn will be separate, so don't overlap them. I think it's really easy to use. I'll give it a two. Alright. Um we next wanna see if it has a spongy quality and if indeed it's made of latex or rubber I it's spongy all the way. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Iain, what do you give it? Alright and the next is, does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables? Well, is it gonna be yellow? Yeah, but if you had like a silvery kind of white or something. Oh, yeah. Alright, so I think it it's Yeah. Yeah. I okay, I'm giving it a one the mango put me over. What are what's everyone's numbers? Alright um, and does the design match the appropriate behaviour? Remember earlier we discussed that people don't use a lot of buttons, that they use the channel flipping and the volume the most. I think we really took that into account a lot, so I'm gonna give it a one. Did you say one, Rose? Okay um, also we talked earlier about R_S_I_ and wanting to prevent um any sort of like Carpal Tunnely kind of thing. Do we think that the latex sort of grip appropriately takes that into account? I think I'll give it a two, 'cause I almost feel like no matter what you do, something is gonna happen. Um um worth the risk, I think. 'Kay. Alright, awesome. And the ease of learning it. I know you were saying that you're a little bit nervous about that, I dunno. It sort of reminds me of the iPod. I just got mine, I still haven't read the instruction book and I'm doing okay, so and I'm not good at learning technology. So I'll give it a two. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Alright, um also earlier we had something about losing it and so now we're not addressing that at all, so Okay, so in terms of not losing it, do you think that on a scale of one to seven, how easy or hard is it to lose? I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a four, 'cause I think that you can still if it's in between somewhere where you can't see it, you're kind of not gonna find it, but anywhere else it's gonna stand out. Alright, we also said simplicity, how w how well does it address just being simple? I think overall, 'cause we had said before our two main things were simplicity and fashion, so those are the next two things we're gonna look at. Separate from fancy, like that sort of thing. Um it like wants to be simple but it's not like totally totally simple, so I'm gonna give it a two. Alright, and fashionable? It's hot, I mean it's a mango, come on. I mean how fashionable can you make a remote? I think it's bringing technology and fashion together real really well. Yeah, the toggle on off switch, it's really appealing. Number. And does it meet our like demographic need sort of for international appeal, that whole thing? Just that it would se serve our audience. I don't see why not. Mm-hmm. Alright, did anyone have any other features that they think were important that we didn't talk about? And so we're gonna do that, so it will address it, fine. Okay. That's me. Whoa. Simple. Yeah. Well don't we need plastic, and Provided, okay. It was rubber and special colour, right? Do we have more than one special colour? Per Well, but we know that we're having at least three colours, so Right. We have six. Oh no, five. Oh wait. Yeah. Yeah, per unit. Yeah. I like it like that. Yeah, 'cause it wouldn't make sense otherwise, 'cause for the whole mat case material it's only one. It's I mean it's two to make it rubber. Oh wait, so maybe. Mm, I kind of like the buttons. It's single curved. We Yeah, they are. Yeah, I mean if I'd had more market research on the fruits and vegetables, maybe we could've taken that into account. I know, I really did, the the whole mango idea was great. No, I mean I thought the pen was a little distracting for me personally, like its heaviness, and like just being so conscious of like turning the pages, I dunno. That was a bit of a distraction. That was the last one, like I chose not to do a PowerPoint 'cause I didn't think it made sense to, so I liked that I had the option to do that and just to take my own notes and that whole sort of thing. They're funny. I kind of want one. I'm trying to think of a good pun that I could add there. I like the R_R_, that's gonna be etched in. Yeah, I didn't even know they existed. Yeah, Real Reaction. Oh, that would definitely be my second choice. I would break it. I would break it. Oh that's funny. Kind of looks like a penguin, like with no eye. I like that it stands up. Oh, sad. Nothing will come up until after our meeting's supposed to be over, its all timed. Oh. No the first one that you sent like I didn't realise that it was a joke and I was like why did she send this to us? It's very it's very work relevant, 'cause people send spam a lot. Oh here you can you can view. You can just see what's up. Yeah it's it's really deep. Hold on. Takes a little while to get excited to load. That the Excel thing is pretty cool. Here, like, basically it's like inspiration, basically I'm gonna give you two sentences on fashion and that kind of thing, see. You didn't miss out that much. Oh wow. This one was cooler. I got a whole table and everything. That's like mine it was like, would you prefer an L_C_D_ screen or a multifunction remote control? And then it didn't have like any kind of table, like awesome, I'm glad they asked that question and didn't report the result. Yeah. 'Cause we weren't like voting on anything and I think usually, like whiteboards are good, you know like crossing out ideas, or like if we had had like a brainstorming period. But I thought we were good orally. Get crazy. And these might've made us more willing to like take notes than to like write up them here, 'cause we all needed them separately, kind of on the whiteboards in this room. Yeah. Sorry. Well the problem was, even when we just were creating from the Excel file, there wasn't like a option to select to somehow have it included, so there was no we could be like yeah, it has it included. There was no way for us to have written down that it was really there. Yeah. That's like saying you're never gonna lose your keys, and I always do, anyway. You'll lose 'em in your pocket, like you just will forget that or you like put it down somewhere that like made sense and then not remember, there's always ways to lose things. That's funny. That's funny. I always do that, leaving it in my coat, and then like using a different coat. Yeah. Can't really take it into the other room. Oh man. Here you go. That really could get up and walk away. You have you have to have the slogan on it or can it just be like Okay good. 'Cause I was like, it could go around the outside. Is it yellow and blue? Oh I guess it is black, grey. Grey is better than black, doesn't look so bumblebeeish. Hey now I understand the random like newsclippings. Yes. I will I just feel like if you're really doing like a a really big market evaluation, you wouldn't just have like one set of source, it's kind of an they were so not backed up, it would just be a sentence like we did a survey, this is what people said. S mm, I dunno. Well we got some grey and we got some blue buttons, we're good. If they ever come out with potato I'm gonna have to Yeah. I know.