Play-Doh's edible. Did you know that? It's definitely Yeah. It's it's chew proof. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Everybody everybody ready? Okay, let's have your um let's get have the uh presentation? Nice. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. what button? Um. Oh mute. Okay. That certainly does. Mm. Mm. Yeah. 'S great. I have one thing about it, but it's a small thing, but it'd mean we'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one. But, that's I don't see why that's not possible. Yeah. They make left-handed scissors, you know. Yes s Mm. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. But um other than that, I mean uh and that's um, you know, that's just something, I think I think it's great, yeah, great idea. I think it's, well, if the R_R_ motto is, we bring fashion to to electronics, I'd say that could be quite fashionable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, very good, yeah. It's come up with what we've you know, the things that's what we've what we were looking at doing, hasn't it, all seems to be there. Well done. Um before we move on I need that cable. Thank you. Yeah. Um. One thing I do need to do we need to look at, is the costs. Well, yeah. um Yeah. Uh right. Okay, now I think we'll do this I could do you know, I can do this o on my own or I could do it with you, but it's just easy enough to go through it with you, so we're going for the kinetic power. And the electronics, we decided on it being just a simple, the easiest thing that's inside it. Ooh. So the case, we've gone for the double curved. Um and it's made out of rubber. The interface is push-buttons. And button supplements well they're in diff special colours, aren't they? So special colours. Special form, yeah, they're a special form there in shapes and stuff. Yep. Yeah. Um. Are they made out of any special material? No they're not. They're not made out of wood or titanium or rubber or anything, they're just simple Okay. Right. So let's see if that comes within budget. And it does. That is gonna cost uh Yeah. That's gonna cost ten ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make. And our target was it had to come in at under twelve fifty. So, this is all very very good. The bosses will be very pleased. Okay, let's just save this so I can e-mail it to you. Uh. Save it in save it in the uh my documents. Splendid. Okay. So uh, that's done with this with this um doodah, so you're. Gonna do what you were gonna do, your evaluation. F_ eight. I love the smell of that Play-Doh. I cou. I would give it a seven. Oh sorry, one, d yeah. Yeah.. Yeah, but that's not a technological thing, that's another thing, i that's another marketing thing. So on the technical side of it it Easy to use. I'd say it's I wouldn't not if you're left-handed it's not. I would give it a I would give it a two, 'cause i i it i it i it is more geared for right-handed people than left-handed people, but Yeah. Give it a t give it a two. Cost. It's come in under budget. So that's a definite one. Amount of buttons. Contains only the necessary buttons. Yeah. So it's anti-R_S_I_. I don't think it's gonna get lost easily. two. I mean it No, I mean I mean, you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically, but Okay. Alright it's all all systems go. We can't fail.. Well done, Reissa. Okay, I I think um I just wanna put in as Project Manager the you know, little bit of praise for everybody here for how they've worked on it, you know, both individually and as a team. You know you've w everyone's come up with their own individual ideas in their own different departments, um and then come together and worked in, you know, integrally, you know, at the right times, psp, you know, especially you two. That's all, you know, gone very very well and and and be you know, has been good communication going on. Did you have to go down to the the corporate squash court and bash a few balls about? Fantastic. I think So I I, you know, and I think we've co we have come we've come up with something new, something that hasn't been done before, we haven't we're not just rehashing an old design. Yeah. You know, maybe this isn't a simulation, maybe this is actually so it's like Sony or someone like that they're they're just, yeah, they get Yeah. Yeah, two years' time this will be on the market. Ex exactly that product um thum we'll go, yeah, we designed that and no-one will believe us. But um No, I think when this meeting's finished like officially, there b we'll get a uh questionnaire to fill in. Or six, uh I haven't got message. It gets handed over to another department. What our what our project was was to come up with the product, basically. the for the and just basically is it it come can is it within budget. When it c when it comes to all the other things of how to sell it and, you know, the b the profits and all that that's other departments it's another team that actually work out the mai the oh yeah, the all the guys in the profit sharing, yeah. Um. Yeah, that's it. You know, we've we've we've made i we've made we've designed the product, we've ma we've got the prototype, it's within budget, it's does everything that we wanted it to do. It's new, it's it's um something that uh that isn't out there already. Yeah. Well, this is very marketable in that it is it's it's something that's kind of new and looks a bit quirky for people who want that, it's that it's um, hang on, I wrote it down here somewhere Oh no I thi I put it in one of my e-mails that I sent off. Um that, you know, it's marketable in the sense that it's whilst all these other remotes uh actually do give you repetitive strain injury, our one does the complete opposite, you know, so that's something that's new, which is one of the criteria they asked us to come up with something with something new. Yeah, and if you're not having a good time with the T_V_, you can f throw it about, you know. It's fine, it's kid proof. Well, you can break the ornaments, but you won't break that. Yeah. So all in all, I think we've done very well. Well done everybody. Um. Drinks are on the company. In the corporate bar that's next to the corporate swimming pool on the top floor that we're that've all just gained access to. Yeah. That's it. Well, as far as I t as far as I know. Um. No. Anyone wanna play I spy? Yeah, I guess. I mean we're gonna get asked to fill out another questionnaire. Um. It's probably gonna be the same as one we've done before. But I'm not the authority to say that it is. Um how does everyone feel about the technology that's been used in this? The sort of using of the the pens and writing on these special pads and all that? Yeah. I thi you know, I'd I'd n yeah, as we said earlier, I've not never seen that before. something that t the whiteboard thingy, that's great. Um, but a p a pen with a camera on it, I don't think it's such a new thing. I mean it's i or in such a new idea. It would be different if it was sort of hand writing recognition stuff, but as it's not it's literally that'll come up on a computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah.