Uh, Dave Cochrane. User Interface Defin Designer, yes. Um Um, the monkey, um. The one f uh in fact this is a somewhat oblique reference in fact to uh well my I have a three uh three y year old daughter who h who who who is affectionately known as Miss Monkey. Um, monkeys have attitude. Which I think is a good thing. And I mean fr and from uh from the point of view of sort of the study of human evolution they and other primates are terribly interesting. Um, so I like monkeys. And and th th th th thi thi this one seems to have perhaps more attitude than most. Well, one thing I'm aware of is, th there uh um at the sort of v very high price end of the market there's there's a em emerging market for sort of touch screen L_C_D_ remotes that can be uh programmed in m much more sophisticated ways than sort of conventional models, so you get the sort of you get um you you can redesign the interface to your own needs, you can programme in macros, and you get a much greater degree um um I mean you get in these sort of three in one, five in one, whatevers, but you can get integration between the different uh the the the diff the different things that it's designed to control, to a much greater extent, and you can have one uh you know one macro to turn the uh you know turn the T_V_ to the right channel, get the uh re uh rewind the tape in the V_C_R_ and get it to play once it's rewound, for instance. Um b it occurs to me there might be a niche for uh for a remote that aimed towards some of that sort of functionality but using a just conventional push button design. And therefore putting it into a um well much lower price bracket. Absolutely prohibitive, yeah. Yeah, I mean I wouldn't like to say you g I mean you get ones that you can switch between multiple units, but something that could um operate between multiple units in a more integrated fashion. Some and ideally something into which it would have some at least limited facility for um running macros. For instance, um let's say oh oh um, or um you know you pr uh you press uh say the play button for the D_V_D_ player and it turns the T_V_ on and onto the right channel as well, um Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. The other key feature that uh that would be a good idea built into it is t is is to make something you know fairly sort of ergonomic, something that just fits fits as comfortably as possible into the hand. But of course, uh al al also allows for the possibility of a more sort of slightly unconventional or attractive uh sha shape for it overall,. A curve, mm-hmm. Something sort of sort of sl slightly sort of biomorphic in form, uh which it would need to be to sort of conform to the shape of the hand more efficiently anyway.