Hm. Yep. Sure. What was it? Function? F_ eight? Well. How do I get it Oh right right right. That one? Okay. Alright. Well, this is my report, which is going to be based pretty much on a survey that I was sent. Oh gosh, I've no idea. G Okay. Sorry I actually need to see something else on my screen. Yeah. And then? Again? No I want something else on mine. Is that possible? Okay but now you don't have that. Sorry guys. So is there no way I can give you the slideshow and have something yeah. Yeah. Oh well. Yeah. It's okay. Okay. Um so first of all, the method that I used was by doing some marketing research, by um doing research on some interviews that were conducted. And then some internet research. And I was sent a report that was I think there were a hundred remote users that they interviewed. And so I will show you some of the results from that, which I think will be helpful. Um okay here are some of the findings. They said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls. And seventy five percent of the users find their remote controls to be ugly. Which is a fairly significant number I would say. And eighty percent of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy. So I think that earlier we were onto something when we were talking about having it be a modern cool look, I think that's definitely important. Um they say that current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. Seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot. And if anyone could clarify what that means? Zap, does that just mean like changing the channel? Okay. Um and fifty percent of the users say that they're only using ten percent of the buttons on their remote control. And there was something else, they kept track of the frequency per hour in using certain buttons. And some of them it looks like barely need to be included at all. Of course channel selection is used the most frequently. And then teletext was the next. Volume and then power. And then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used. So I think we could definitely eliminate or somehow combine a lot of the functions into one button. Um the biggest user frustrations, as we said fifty percent of people find that their remotes are lost somewhere, and so I think a tracking device of some sort would be a good idea. They said it take thirty four percent said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote. And twenty six percent said that the controls are bad for R_S_I_. What is it? Okay. Okay. And so bas okay. Um as far as speech recognition goes, um the younger group looks like they're all for it. From the fifteen to twenty five age group over ninety percent said they would pay more. And it kind of just went down incrementally. The groups at the older they get it looks like the less willing they are to pay, so maybe we could discuss this and think and decide if we think it's worth investing in this. At least if we're targeting the younger groups. And so in conclusion. Some things that I drew from this are that I think we were correct. We definitely need to focus on a new modern appearance, since so many people seem to be concerned about the ugliness of their remote control. Um a multifunctional remote could be a good thing to explore. So you only have one rather than five different remotes sitting all over your room. Uh we need to simplify the remote and reduce the number of buttons, get rid of the ones that don't seem to be serving much purpose. And then lastly I thought that maybe we could discuss the idea of speech recognition. And that's it. Oh yeah. Sorry did you guys get time to write everything that you needed? 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Another thing about these figures is ninety one percent of the youngest age groups said they'd do it, but probably a lot of them that's actually their parents money. Like I don't know if they would actually go out and purchase this themselves, a fifteen year old you know. Yeah. Gets old yeah. Mm. Mm. Rolls away yeah. Not really. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah not yet but maybe by the next meeting we'll have some info on that. Mm. Mm. Power. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Right. Uh-huh. Maybe you could buy like a special left-handed version of the remote. Special order. Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Could be good. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm.