It does look very cool. And then do we get to make a remote control? Yeah. Yeah. You think bananas are a safe thing to use? It's a bit um phallic. Oh, your remote control? Oh that's just bad. Is it to scale, or do you think you can make it a bit smaller? Yeah. It l does look like the curvy and then the whole shape's curvy, so I would say that this curvy does look quite like a vegetable. I wasn't very keen on that, but yeah. So where's the volume? Ah, you did get that in then, mm-hmm. Oh okay,. Cool. Oh, the thing we forgot was like a mute button. Yeah. On the wheel, like if you hold the wheel down then it will mute. Yeah, but it's a scroll and click, isn't it? Okay, cool. So that that solves the whole mute issue.. Yeah.. Yeah, oh, we hold the remote. Oh, but it it does feel all cold and slimy. I hate Play-Do, it's just minging. But yeah, uh that's cool, cool. Mm-hmm. Okay. Wales. Mm. Cool, okay. Right, okay. Fabulous, yeah. Okay, cool. So what we're gonna do is prefer prepare the evaluation of the new design. Um so we're gonna be using a seven point scale, so one is, you know, yes, it totally meets with that requirement and seven is, no, it really doesn't, we need to go back and start again. Um, you know. Basically, what I did was I went through all the like user requirements and things that we've done and we've worked on and like made a list of them. Um you know, so that we can evaluate each one and like so it was about going back to the start and saying oh yeah, we did manage to do that, or oh no, we really forgot about that. Okay? Cool, so these are what they are. Oh Yes, I did have A_, B_, C_, and D_ down here, but it seems to have turned into like just bullet points. Okay. But if you can imagine that they say A_, B_, C_, and D_, then that would be really good. Well, I thought we'd um kinda said that you'd have a little thing to stick on the T_V_? Yeah. Cool. Okay. So, be attractive to look at. That's this one. What do you all say? Yeah. Oh we're all so proud of the. Okay, so that'll be a seven for A_. Could oh no, you can't whilst that's up there. Okay um uh what I've done on the next page is I've set it up so we just put the marks in. Yeah. But that's alright. If you take a note of them, and then I'll put them in in a minute. Okay, so we're all agreeing on seven for A_? Cool, okay. Does it match the operating behaviour of the user? Yeah. I mean Yeah. I th I think it's not it's not like it's a pen. Yeah, but I mean because it's not like it's a pen, you know, left-handed people can't normally write right-handed, but they can normally do most things right-handed, so I would say it's not such a big issue. Yeah. I mean you can you can use your finger to to scroll rather than your thumb. So I mean that does kind of negate the whole R_S_I_ issue. So maybe we need to put that needs a little bit of investigation, maybe give it a five, I would say? What do you what do you all think? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I th I think the alternative is flipping from the top. Yeah um But you were thinking about making it smaller, yeah? Because So you have to keep that side flat. So it works like a mobile phone flipping, but y you know, as long as that side's flat, than that will work. Okay. Um okay, so C_. Are are we admitting defeat on C_ or are we saying we're gonna stick a locator on the T_V_? There's a locator. Cool, so that means you need a that does mean you need a little speaker on it though, doesn't it? To make it beep. Or a buzzer. Okay. So that's two, so that's seven, yeah. It's locatable? Fabulous. D_. Yeah. Yeah, and I mean d So, should we maybe say f a five and say it is intuitive, but it's different, so, do you know, I mean it's obvious how to use it, but you might have to think about it first. So we give that one a five, you think? Yep. I'm glad you're accepting this. It has taken a little while, hasn't it? Um intuitive but Sorry, it's really hard to write on those. I just went a bit mad, didn't I? Um okay, cool, E_, okay. Um I would guess this comes back from this whole B_ thing links in here, so possibly for left-handed. Investigate. So, should we give it a six? Six? I used to send fifty texts a day, you know, and I never got repetitive strain injury from that, so I find it quite hard to believe to be honest. Okay, so we give that a six, yeah. Okay, F_. Hang on, how come it's showing up with the things there but it only had bullet points there? That's just Oh okay, cool. Um right, so. Yes, so that's a seven then. Um, cool. Yeah, but I mean you don't They're never been used i they've never been using remote remote control before I don't think.. Yeah, what do you all think? Six? Well, that's it, I mean Yeah, but I mean everything has been used in space before it gets to anyone else really, hasn't it? So, I don't think many peop That's it, they can take it with them. So, we give it seven, and we write There we go. Cool. So, we need the average here, so we got Seven So we've got four sevens, so that's twenty eight, three sixes, eighteen. Two three four Seven eight. Okay, that's pretty good, I think. Um no, that's it, yeah. Cool, there we go.. There we go and there are the marks. Yeah. Yeah, but rubber comes coloured, doesn't it? You know. Yeah, you might end up having to take off the sample sensor.. No. We've got more than one pushbutton though, haven't we? 'Cause then you have That means you can only have twenty five push buttons in total doesn't it? Not counting anything, we'd still be in budget. Twelve point five. No. Well it doesn't, but it uh And L_C_ display. This sample sensor. Yeah, the sample sensor will have to go, 'cause that's the most expensive thing on there. Yeah. But that's a bit of a gimmick anyway really, isn't it? We can afford to get rid of it. So that means no locator, does it? I mean does Yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah. See, I was gonna say the scroll wheel pushbutton thing, 'cause But that's well you would just have to to spin it down. So that's point three. Yeah, I mean that wouldn't actually cost any more. That's the spin wheel though, isn't it? Didn't that come with the L_C_ Yeah. Yeah. S so we're point three over. Unless we just take off the scroll wheel altogether and just have pushbuttons for the volume. Could b still put them on the side. But yeah. I mean the scroll wheel's pretty cool, but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, well we could admit to the single curve, couldn't we? Yeah, but Yeah. Yeah. No. No, I don't think so. Yeah. We just got rid of a gimmick that was never anyway, and the scroll wheel is I mean essentially the two buttons that was it's not a great difference I don't think. Really? Cool. That's not a very exciting colour. I think you should make it more vegetable-like. Oh the the beeper thing. It Yeah, I think Jen wants it to vibrate. You know, your pen vibrates? Yeah. Cool. Yeah. If we'd had that sheet at the beginning should've been like, okay, so we can have that lot, let's just throw it together and do what we can. Yeah. I think 'cause the meetings were so regular, you know. It wasn't like we were alone for very long, so you didn't st go off and think, wouldn't it be great to have a vibrating remote control shaped like a banana, and then, you know, come back three days later and Jen's going look, look, it vibrates and it looks like a banana. Um yeah, so yeah. Uh I like the pens. I want one. That would just be so cool, to d do all your notes and s I don't think you should say that was the recording. Okay, cover up the microphone. Alright, let's take it. Okay. It is a bit limiting, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. The thing flew in, you didn't have the whole whooshing thing, 'cause there wasn't time for that, so yeah. Not that you can do that on the board, either. We could make some little Yeah, totally, I mean that was fairly tight anyway, I mean especially with that last-minute alteration. back it, this is just had to be changed. And yeah, so cool. Are we supposed to say nice things about Jen now? Yeah, definitely. You weren't like a a dictating leader, so that was always good. I know you've got the pen, you might attack me with it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know, I don't go shopping for remote controls that often, maybe somebody's already though of it. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be looking out next time I need to write an essay. That looks boring, I'll see if anyone's made a remote control. Yeah, yeah. I think we'd like to think the ideas were new, but we've got no way of finding out. That vibrates Yeah, but that would just come up with like other things really wouldn't it. Yes. And it's fabulous. It's in the project documents. Yeah, yeah, sometimes it's like a little bit rushed. Yeah, we've got like five minutes left. Yeah. 'Kay. We could draw animals on the board again. I don't like Play-Doh, no. It's just minging. It smells so bad. It does. Mm. No, it hasn't been. Do we have to go back into the other room or can we stay in here now? Okay, so the other way.