Just just carry on. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Sorry. I'm glad to see the marketing budget is being so well spent on. I think that's a good idea. Don't you? Yeah, I I think we're gonna have some trouble when we get down to the component design on this. Spongy is gonna be difficult, I'm afraid. Yeah, I mean basically we can make these things out of wood, titanium, plastic or rubber. I suppose rubber is the closest to spongy, yeah. I was thinking titanium myself. Yeah. W w would it be helpful if um I described the components a bit, because I think it would give you um maybe bring this discussion back to Earth of what we can actually physically do. Right, well I I I think some of this um you're gonna be a little disappointed with some of the things I have to tell you, but I'm afraid this is the real world. So um I've been looking at the the basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate, and I've had some discussions with the ma manufacturing division, who have told me what's actually available, you know, what the current state of the art in components is, and some of the exciting new things they've got, but I'm not sure that it's quite what you want um. Now this isn't a very good overhead, but this is just to show you, this is the innards of a remote control um. I really need a pen or something but uh does my mouse work? No. Um oh yeah, can you see my little mouse pointer? Right. This is this is the a a a remote that's been opened up and that's the the back of the interface. And this is a push-button one, so you see these little little buttons here, they're little rubber rubber buttons that go through onto the the board at the back and they push these buttons here. Um and we that's the basic construction that we've got to got to accommodate. We got to have something that pushes the little buttons that um talk to the chip that encodes the message that sends the the message to the receiver. So um I wan I wanna go through not not just addressing the um uh the the points that you made, Sarah, but um doing my presentation in the order I wrote it. So first of all um I wanna talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy source. Um we can have your bog standard double double A_ batteries in a replaceable um little compartment. We can have a hand sorry a wind-up, yeah, which I think is quite an interesting concept for a sorry for a remote control, but i it maybe is doesn't quite go with the um the fruit and veg. Um one that one that I think is quite interesting is the kinetic energy source, where um you you actually get the energy by moving the device, which is quite a ni a nice and neat one. You have to it means that if it's sitting there for a long time it probably won't work, but you have to sort of throw it between your hands every now and then, it'll work. Or we we had talked about solar power, but I thing that we agreed that that's not so good in the dark. Now I'm afraid this is the options we've got on on the case. It can be made of plastic, rubber, wood o if you like, or titanium. Um and the nearest we've got to st to spongy there I guess is rubber, but um I'm gonna come back to the advantages of titanium, and basically it can have a flat surface, a curved surface or a double curved surface, but I think if we wanna use standard components, we're gonna have difficulty with anything much beyond that. Okay, what does the interface look like? Um well push button, that's that's the one we're all familiar with. Um we can have scroll buttons and the the scroll button can incorporate a push, so you can have it like on a mouse where you can use it to go up and down, change volume or channel or something like that and push to select something. Um you can have multiple scroll buttons, um this is maybe getting a little bit complicated, but um it's it the technology is there. And we can also incorporate an L_C_D_ display in the remote, but this will increase the cost. Um the electronics that actually makes the device work, we've basically got three, simple, regular, advanced, and the price goes up as we choose each of this. If we want the nice cheap one, the simple, then we can only have push buttons. All the other fancy interface designs go out the window, I'm afraid. Um pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll buttons. If you want the advanced chip it obviously costs more, but it that's what you need if you want the L_C_D_ display. And the manufacturing devision tell me that they have recently developed um sample sensor sample speaker devices. Now I don't know what that is, but I think they think it's quite important and we might want to incorporate it somewhere. Um ou our real expertise is in push buttons, I have to say, but maybe you think that's old technology. And well I I think we've got two options. We can either go for a really cheap model, keep all of the costs down, um which means a flat plastic case with an ordinary battery and simple push buttons. Or we can have something that looks a bit nicer, I think it, um won't necessarily l uh look like a pineapple, but um that may or may not be a good thing. Sorry. Um but it could have an L_C_D_ screen and it could have multiple scroll buttons, and it could have the the company's new development of the um sample sensor and speaker. So, thank you. Yeah, I'm afraid I don't have that information available. Um manufacturing didn't actually give attach any prices to any of this, I'm afraid. Yeah mm-hmm. Banana? We we could we could do um a double curved rubber one, which would allow um say a banana, but um unfortunately I see from my notes that if we do that, we have to have a push button as the interface, we can't do anything fancier. Yep. I If you do F_ uh F_N_ F_ eight again, it's it'll I think it yeah, you you will do an Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I'd I'd certainly support that idea. It's difficult to make fancy shapes in it as well, we can't for example have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately. And the the having the the the screen on the television screen I think is a good idea, 'cause um otherwise we're we're putting up the price not only for putting building the L_C_D_ in, but for the electronics as well. There is that. Do you want scroll buttons in that as well? Mm-hmm. Right. Yeah. I think I think that's a g nice clean design, it's playing to our strengths which are in push button technology. Yeah. But we can implement it with simple push buttons, which is much cheaper. In fact Oh that's really nice. Hmm. Mm. We we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you'd rather if you feel if you like the spongy Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Oh unfortunately I don't have costing information. I i in terms of workability, I I think the the two front-runners are the standard battery or the kinetic, but I'm sorry I don't figures on the difference in cost. And and how much you do have to keep it moving, 'cause I'm conscious that watching T_V_ can be quite a sed sedentary activity. Yeah. True, yeah, m more more environmentally friendly. Oh right, okay, I'd that that's something I maybe should have covered. Um chip on print is just a manufacturing technique um and I would certainly recommend it, I think, because I'm not sure I have an alternative. I i it it's just the way that the the the uh th the way it's ac it's actually built and you you print onto the circuit board like you might print onto paper. Well if if Sarah's keen on a spongy feel, the the rubber that we're talking about is the same as you have in those little stress balls, so it's yeah. Yeah. I'd I'd need to talk to manufacturing again about whether that's actually possible, but I agree, it's uh sounds like a nice idea if it is. I should I should r Which I think technically is just push button and uh I'd certainly support that that that brings the cost down quite a lot and it's something that we're an ex the company's an expert on. You know, I think the the company's s next project should to design a better overhead device that switches immediately.