I I just have a question about that. Um does it make a difference if there are just a few commands, for example if you um can pre-programme in like numbers one through ten and pre-programme say, you know, nine channels and then just use the voice recognition to say channel one and then you've programmed in say B_B_C_ four as your channel one, as your favourite, it's like to have a certain number of favourites um and that w Okay. Then it doesn't matter. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Of course mobile phones do tend to be more expensive, you know, hundred and fifty pounds or something. As opposed to the twenty Euros, twenty five Euros. Yeah. Yeah. Well, another thought I oh, sorry, go ahead. Oh yeah. Okay. Well, I kinda think if we're gonna have the voice recognition for part of it, then maybe we should have it for the whole thing. And we've been talking about it the whole time. Anyway, I'm I'm incli kinda inclined to say that we should just go for it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I think so. Okay. Let's see. Oh. Yes. Is it gonna work? Okay. Okay, so I did some research on the internet and um what you know, the interf user interface are just aspects that are seen by users, um commands and mechanisms for the operation, and there're just kind of a variety of choices. Um findings, so a lot of times they tend to look cluttered and these were just a couple examples of um different kinds that are a little bit more unusual. There're some special ones available, like this one right here, which is marketed towards children, um different designs, and one of the things that n we need to watch out for is a V_ in volume because people some Bring a little picture of what I thought ours could look like. So just kind of minimise the clutter, avoid too many buttons and also um one of the things that people have used is a slide button, like you have on a mouse, that possibly we could use that on the sides for volume, for example, have the slide button on the side, and then you can pre-programme the channels, the voice recognition and then the voice response sample locator. Just because I n for example if I'm using a mouse I like to be able to slide it up and down so I thought it might be good for volume to just be able to kind of roll it and then have the up and down and then the this is my great little drawing. Y yes, yes. Yeah. The only advantage I was thinking of to having the buttons, like the buttons on one side for the channel, and then the slider is that if you're just holding in your hand, and you pick it up, it's easy to n s know, okay, this is just the volume and this is the channel. Yeah. That was Yeah. Um well I was thinking kind of just for the volume, but what what do you guys think? We could Yeah, yeah. B Yeah. Yeah. I'm just gonna pass this along. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah like the kind you get on like hand weights. You know, that kind of spongy yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Wh What if we included the batteries in the cover? So um like Yeah, so can I see that thing? Just this as examples. So f Yeah, I guess that's true. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just another five Euro to get Right. Yeah. Yeah, like they have for mobile phones that are just fruits and animal prints and colours. Yeah, okay. Yeah, like an. Yeah. Yeah. Well n Well I was sort of mm kinda picturing like maybe um a shape that's almost like a mouse. So that, you know, when they hold it it's because a mouse is pretty comfortable to hold in your hand um maybe we could make it a slightly different shape so they could hold on to it, but that way they can have the volume on the side and then the channel buttons and have the power, wherever, somewhere. I mean that was just an idea that I had. Yeah. Yeah, maybe. Kind of a c Yeah. Sort of a combination. Yeah. Yeah so yeah, kind of maybe maybe a little wider than this, 'cause this is pretty comfortable to hold, and then if you had Yeah, then wider up here. And then it would have a l uh wider thing to uh have the light, the infrared light at the T_V_ and just kinda change channels and adjust the volume and the power could be wherever, up up the top or something. What do you guys think about that? Oh yeah. It is a very good point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and just say Yeah, I suppose I sup So I guess we could have a menu button as well. We could have the channels and the power and then a menu button and then the volume. So have four buttons and the volume instead of three buttons and the volume. Yeah, that's on the T_V_, yeah. Yeah, and then y Yeah, press that is t yeah, that might work. Yeah, it's like um yeah, it's like the mouse where you just kinda click it. You just press it. Yeah, and you could just click that to so if you had like the menu then you could scroll through and then click it to select. You know what I mean? Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, and especially for making them so like different and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like this or like this. Yeah, kinda like this whole So you could use like this and it would go. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Okay.