Okay. Um yeah. I just got a few slides, so show them. Thank you. Do you want to present it? Yeah, here we are. Mango shape. The L_E_D_. So it's palm-held. Yeah. You just need the nought. So one plus one would be eleven, or Yeah because if you on your average um remote, if you press one twice you just go to um or uh say you wanted channel twelve, you press one, and then you go to channel one, and then two then you'd just go to channel two, instead of twelve. So if you did like one plus two you could go to channel twelve, or two plus two is channel twenty two. Oh. Well I don't mind, we can further define that. I wouldn't have thought it'd be a problem that it went to channel six first, in like on the way to channel sixty five. But I suppose it's not as snappy. Yeah. Yeah. If you don't put it Yeah. Yeah, that yeah. Mm-hmm. Um And channel, which is so you could just go like that without thinking about it, like It's the bigger R_. So it's just like. We deci Yeah um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers because we thought that's kind of a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb. Uh e ergonomics are all considered. Yeah. It could cause another type of repetitive stress injury though. But yeah, no I mean it's a different movement so yeah. Um and the feel of it, I mean, we've made this out of Play Doh, which is representing the, you know, the rubber, and the spongy rubberness. Um 'cause it was said before in the material specification that this the this anti-R_S_I_ um material is often used in stress balls so this has got a you know a bit of give to it, and it just feels feels different. Would you like to feel it yourselves? How it fits in the palm of your hand? Thanks. And you? O Okay, as for the colours, we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype. But we're thinking that, seeing as we're having it in interchangeable casing anyway, that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use. Or the combination. Um and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme, the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit, like banana could be black and yellow, watermelon red and green, or vanilla might be the most popular if it just uh blends in more settled cream instead of the others are all a bit garish. Banana's more representative of our colour scheme, like the company the yellow and black. So that for corporate identity that would probably be the most strength. I mean watermelon, you know, m probably appealing to the yeah, seasonal. Apple green, brown, more kinda trendy, you know, khaki Yeah. Okay. Um yeah we thought of the components it was definitely um a focus of ergonomics and just a single ha handheld device, I mean you don't need to use both hands, one hand to hold this and type in with the other, you can just use your thumb. Um, as we said the rubber's probably used for comfort and anti-R_S_I_ and that's about it. Mm-hmm. Mm go Feel I think. We've been quite successful with the rubber coating and Yeah. I think the colour has a lot to do with it. I mean th the colours we were given for making the prototype aren't the colours that I think we would've necessarily chosen. It's not the kind of ooh uh at all sleek red, black and yellow, and orange. Um But if you can imagine that in like a s just a maybe uh a kind of pale metallic-y finish or something Well I know know it's for rubber. I mean diff if you can visualise this in nice colours I think it would look quite fancy. Oh well, potato, mango, fruit and veg. Potato's fine. Potato's fine. Yeah. Totally. It's really adaptable. For the fancy I uh two, three. Yeah and the use of the rubber. For the anti-R_S_I_. The L_E_D_ use isn't particularly innovative and we don't have any scroll buttons, it's all pushbuttons, there's no L_C_D_ control, so if we're thinking about the rest of the market, it's sort of probably halfway. In some aspects it is, like we said. Yeah. Though it was our specification. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and perhaps the turning on but Mm. Again I think the colour comes into this. Okay. Not in Don't worry. I suppose I've got quite big hands. Thing is like that, it's not going anywhere particularly. Yeah. Uh yeah, it's less um, what's th ha. H it's got higher centre of gravity like that. I would definitely go for that rather than like your average plain old remote like that, but definitely in another colour, I'm not happy with those colours. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the kinetic energy, shaker-style-y, whoo, ooh no. But you know, those'll be firmly on. Mm, yeah, that's true. Yeah. Good point. Yeah. Yeah. Does this prototype match the operating behaviour of the average user. Yeah. Because yeah, because the most accessible buttons are the volume and the and the channel-changing. And it's just you won't have to think about it. You don't have to look down to find them. They're clearly there, easy to use. Simple. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. It Yeah l lights on and, or flash as well. But I mean it's not obviously obvious from the outside that that's gonna happen 'cause you can't s particularly see an alarm. Yeah. But when the alarm's not yeah. If you Yeah. You could s Yeah. Well the thing is, if it was had an alarm system, I mean, when it when it lights up as we I mean it could light up when the alarm went. But if it was hidden underneath the cushion or something, there wouldn't be any point. So you can't see the alarm, but it would light up. Yeah. Alarm, but you can't see an alarm inside uh the alarm system itself. Yeah. Yeah. It w yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Sorry Heather. That wasn't very clear. Yeah I think just because it's we've decided to reduce it down to the basic buttons, I think that in itself makes it so much easier to use. Mm. And or sixty six enter, y Yeah I think that's probably more straightforward. Yeah. Good Ooh. Mm. Oh. Injury. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. We may have to do some more research into other strain injuries that we don't know about. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I think we're getting that's true. Mm. I think yeah, I think too. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I think this is the the factor that we've been least successful in confronting. Yeah. Four I think. Well I don't what do what Okay. Yeah. Like um the colour scheme names and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It is. The thing is, I think if somebody saw that and you said what was that inspired from, I don't know if you'd instantly say mango. Oh yeah. There we go. That would be great. Um Okay. It's Between one and two. So that's pretty fantastic. Mm. It seems like it should be more around two. Do we have an online calculator? Okay. Oh wow. Well done. Well that's excellent. Production costs. It says it I think it just means that we can't add any more to it now. Have you have you completed it? Oh right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Double double-curved yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oof. Congratulations guys. Of the actual project rather than the product? A project? Is is yeah. So wh how we actually went round uh about doing it. I think we were pushed. I mean we weren't really given a lot of time, or materials, yeah, to go about our design task. So I think we could've done with a bit more time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well we were just limited by resources really and like if we had decided to use the L_C_D_ screen, and like solar power backup and everything, then we wouldn't have been able to afford that. So that did limit creativity. Just resources. But yeah. The fruit and veg idea. Yeah we did. We've, uh seeing as we've come out with what we intended. A pro um a product within the budget. I think that's a sign of good leadership and also our personal coach helped us along the way, so you know I think it's been fine. Yeah. Good timing. And project manager of course. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah and more Play Doh, 'cause that was all the red we had. So even if we wanted to make a bigger prototype, we wouldn't have been able to. Yeah. It could be really straightforward for the computer. I think the only thing was having to remember to you know to tick the okays but I think I was the only one who struggled with that. Mm. Uh me too. Yeah. Well I think we've all learnt stuff from each other, like the n um yeah. Just about each different. Got new ideas from each other. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry? Oh yeah. Well mm, did it come into the into I dunno if we counted that in the costs. Yes. Uh. Fantastic. Okay, brilliant. Thank you very much.