Mm yeah. Okay. That would be me. Alright. Well. Alright. Um I'm very excited by this one actually guys I uh had a lot of fun doing it. Components design. This is where you look at what does it take to make a remote control and what should we make our specific remote control out of. Um. So, we need to examine each element separately, but we're designing a full thing, so you wanna keep it integrated as a whole. The main elements of remote controls in general, and therefore ours as well, are the case, the buttons, the circuit board with the chip and the battery. These are all things that we had sort of addressed before, but I'm gonna take each one a little bit separately here as we figure out what they should be made of and what they should look like. The case, uh the options that I've gotten from headquarters about what we can do, um there's there's the shape of a case, we could do a flat sh a flat case, a curved case or maybe even a double double-curved case. I haven't seen any pictures of what this exactly looks like yet, just keep that in mind, but these are the options that we have from manufacturing and we can make our case out of plastic, the m the main base will be plastic, but we have all these sort of fashion and technological elements we can add in, wood, latex, titanium, rubber or other coloured types of plastic. That would be our case. Um buttons, for buttons we have um pushbuttons, which is what Real Reaction uses the most often, but we also have scror scroll wheels, which can have integrated pushbuttons, or we could go all high-tech and have an L_ L_C_D_ screen. Um circuit board and chip we can have a simple one, a regular one or an advanced one, depending on what our other needs are. And then battery I think is where things get most exciting. We're talking about long-life batteries here. Um we can we can have your sort of basic double A_ batteries, but we also have these options of um using a kinetic battery, like are used in high-tech watches, where you just have to move it a little bit to get it to power up. Um so simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery. Or a solar battery, although there are slight um complications with solar batteries as in we can't use a latex case if we have a solar battery. Or um something they only described as the type of battery you find in torches from about fifty years ago, flashlights. Not quite sure what that is, but that's the description that I received, so that's what I'm passing on to you. So those are our options. Um personal preferences that I was thinking through here's what we've been talking about all through, fashion and simplicity. So if we're going for fashion in our cases, I think that what we're gonna wanna look at is a curved or a double-curved case, probably with a variety of design elements. Maybe titanium, maybe some wood. We're gonna have to investigate that better when I get specifics of the actual materials, but that's sort of what I have in mind. And we wanna go for simplicity. Probably pushbuttons, but I'm sort of intrigued by the idea of a scroll scroll wheel, if anyone has anything any ideas on that? I mean I know the iPods and things right now have touch scroll um buttons which are exactly like what they're describing, so that might be something we wanna look into. And I'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery. Solar I don't think would be such a good idea, because how often are you sure that your remote control will get a certain amount of light. But this idea of the kinetic, that you don't have to replace, and that a simple just shaking it around will make it work, I think that that m would be a very interesting thing. But I think we'd also wanna go for e a simple chip or regular chip to keep our costs down. Uh we really only need a regular or advanced chip t if we're gonna start using an L_C_D_. So I think we want to be aware of not making things overly t technological if they don't need to be, 'cause that'll keep our manufacturing price way down. That's what I have for options. Um I'd appreciate anyone's input, but that's what I'm seeing for the future of the the look of this thing. I'm not sure. I haven't received any specific visuals of this yet. This is what I'm sort of Yeah. I'm not sure, but I'll let you know as soon as I get any pictures. I know if we do have a double-curved case, it can't have any titanium in it. But the titanium, they were quite they're marketing quite hard to us as being used in the space programme, so that could be quite interesting. Space-age remote. Just all things to keep in mind. Yeah. That's about all I have to do, guys. I hope I didn't go through that too quickly. Yeah, n no idea, no idea. Um I'm assuming that a kinetic battery isn't gonna take up that much weight, and that a tita titanium is very light, I know, um but other than that's really basic, I mean, that's all I have gotten so far. Alright? Any other questions? No? Okay. I have save this in the uh shared projects, if anyone wants to look and I have c considerable notes on the topic as well, if anyone needs any more information. Uh Just in my notebook, but if anyone has any specific questions, don't hesitate to email me or something. Alright? Uh I guess I can I know. G oh, geez. Hmm. Hmm. So you'd be advocating an L_C_D_ then? Okay. Mm-hmm. Right. Right. Okay. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Well Are you are you tak Yeah. No, I think I think we're talking menu like contrast and tuning the V_C_R_ or something if I've understood you correctly, rather than menu as what's on. Oh, good point. Yeah. No signal. Oop, there we go. Okay. Mm. That there's all kinds of scope for imagination in that one though. If it's latex if it's latexy Um, mean An uh I if th my understanding of a latex case is that it's in fact hard to protect stuff inside, but that it's covered with the latex, which is spongier and softer on your hands. It's there's something to be said, I mean we we got that thing earlier from you about um not wanting it to R_ R_ repetitive stress injuries and things and and Yeah, something grippable, I mean we don't we don't we don't wanna go spongy, maybe. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think that given the list of materials I w I was forwarded it's that seems doable. could we go in fruit and vegetable colours? We could colour-co-ordinate them, li The buttons could be fruit-shaped. Oh well it's quite easy to s shape thing like carrot isn't it? Or maybe the buttons could be shaped like different fruits. be yeah. It'd be harder to f bu uh buttons I think. It'd be harder to press button. Um I Yeah, that's ts how I tend to do it. No just thumb-sized. Jus Yeah. That's true. Right. I When I'm when I'm pressing buttons on my iPod, that's how I do it, hold it and press the four. Yeah. Yeah, or in and use my thumb or my pointer finger on the touch scroll wheel. Yeah It wel well yeah, it would I mean each version of it has been a little bit different, but Oh yeah, you had one of the in-between ones, when they weren't doing that anymore. Ts and you press the centre button, that's that's your all-purpose select button right there. Since it's the one in the centre that's not marked, yeah. Yeah. Uh uh t Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I think an L_C_D_ screen might be good in theory, but not as useful in practice. Yeah. Right. Um Oh we probably have to get going, don't we? 'Kay. Could Could we uh could we have changeable covers like for your mobile? In different fruit and vegetable colours, yeah. Exactly. And you could co-ordinate with your house or whatever. All these options. Ooh. Oh. Yeah. Mm. Options. Uh-hu oh, oh yes. Right, I had sort of skipped over that hoping it wouldn't get be necessary but um Alright, so um decisions, what the okay deci decisions on energy I'm thinking is based on the battery. Um I dunno, what do people think about this kinetic battery idea? Am I Yeah. Yeah. Right, I haven't gotten any yeah, any more information on cost other than it's more expensive than a regular battery, but um but if we're using a an i a cheaper chip, then it'll even out, I think. Um circuit boards. Um yeah, I got a whole bunch of information on how circuit boards are produced. They're they're thin fibreglass with copper wires etched on to them, and di I think they're quite easily printed on by machine, which is chip on print is where the machine prints on the wires and solders it all together for us. I don't really know what to tell you as far as decisions. I wasn't really given any options, I was just given that this is how they're done. Um yeah, I can't can't really tell you. I can I can tell you a whole lot about how it works. But I don't know any decisions on Yeah. I'm sorry, I did f Yeah. Right. Well okay, here's the here's the thing on the chips that I that I got. Um simple, regular, advanced chip on print. The chip on print includes an infrared sensor, so we don't have to worry about that. Um, 'kay, the pushbutton if we're gonna have pushbuttons, they require a simple chip, but a scroll wheel requires a regular chip, and an L_C_D_ requires advanced. Do we want a scroll wheel, or do we just want pushbuttons? Oh. Yeah, th it'd be it'd be handy for going through if there was an on-screen menu of your channel choices, than you can scroll down on the scroll. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. F or for all those secret functions? When you get on the on-screen menu of all your functions that your remote could do for you without the buttons and you could have a scroll wheel to go through those menus. Right. So we could either go with a simple or a regular chip, depending and maybe we could table that decision for later. I don't know. Okay. Well, let's think about that while we talk about the case. Uh I'm kinda liking the idea of latex, if if spongy is the in thing. Okay. Uh yeah, everything I've N oh wha what I've what I've seen, just not related to this, but of latex cases before, is that there's uh like a hard plastic inside, and it's just covered with the latex. Not too thick a layer of latex, just enough to be grippable, like bike handles or or anything that you've seen like that. The inside is hard. I don't think we need to worry about protecting the circuit board, I think that that's done for us. Yeah. Yeah. Oh and we want a curved case, yeah? Or a double-curved? Yeah, okay. We don't really know what the difference Good point. Yeah. I say pushbuttons at least unless we get any information but I have no idea how much more expensive a scroll wheel is than than a pushbutton, but it's gotta be some more expensive, so I think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like the kinetic battery and the cool case because Yeah. Oh. Alright. So what are what are our buttons gonna be? On off So like one through five, or No. Mm. Yeah, up down. Ooh. Simple chip. Okay, cool. Clay.