It's a inspired design. Hmm. Of course. So uh, I noticed your talk about speech recognition and whistling, and uh I was just curious to know, have we done any research into how many people can whistle? Um, or if is that a function we want in the remote? I don't, but I I know a lot of people do right. Yeah it just I mean it has to be a certain kind of whistle too, right? That's costly though. Um a much easier thing is just any loud noise like clapping um, shouting, you know, uh and then, what would the response be? It beeps back at you or something? Okay. Well, uh let me set this up. So I plug it in, press F_ five? Function F_ five? Or function F_ eight? Okay. Okay. I think it's uh just to lock it in. It's got it. Okay. Um. So as the Industrial Designer my job is to take an input from you guys, um so it's good you went first, and I jotted down some notes as to what are the b needs and uh what kind of novel features we can add to differentiate our product from the others. Um so Raj told us that uh consumers are willing to spend more for fancy products, and um he also mentioned that uh the current products don't always match users' operating behaviour. Um, a lot of the buttons aren't used, and uh he mentioned that they're not fun to use. And uh a novel feature which uh we just brought up was this this automatic speech recognition feature or noise detection feature for when you lose the remote, there could be a little microphone on it, and any noise over a certain threshold um it'll pick up as a a distress signal um from you and it'll beep back and say you know oh here I am or something of this sort. Oh yeah, yeah, that's true. Well maybe you could have a um hmm tha that would be a consideration to take into account yes. Um. Yeah well tha that's uh for later down the road um, and then as for the user interface it should be trendy, um and not computery, right, so more low tech and not too many buttons. So I took these all into consideration and also I have some limitations from the boss. Right um, and practical limitations which I kinda threw out the window. And so I did a little research and unfortunately all I had to work on was our uh our corporate archives of the great products we've made before, which include, you know, um space craft, coffee makers, and bullet trains Or uh or a high speed train. Right and having personally worked with all these products uh I have a great deal of experience with uh with industrial design of these. Right. So, I figured, just put 'em all together. You got a a caffeine powered space shuttle train transport to your T_V_, and um as for the user interface problem, you know, too many buttons. Give it one button and and it's a you know, for the the cowboy in all of us I I'm not quite sure what the the function is there but Yeah it's a g I mean you could have a you know a Right. So I think I I missed the budget thing, it was fifty million Euros? And we gotta sell twenty five of them? Right. Okay. Oh okay, so I I mixed those numbers. Okay. Well I guess more realistically then, we need a product that's got some kinda nifty outer casing, cheap plastic uh, you know, um that should be just like uh a tenth of the price maybe or less. An energy source which'd probably just be uh your regular batteries um, we don't wanna have it Uh. Yeah, yeah, we could do that too. Um, I hadn't thought of that. Yeah. Right. Right, so so the unirs the user interface uh the canonical user interface for these would be just a bunch of buttons, but since we're a cutting edge company, we uh of course will have alternatives like uh speech recognition, whistling recognition and rocket power behind our product. Um and lastly the transmission interface is uh, just some engineering thing you don't have to worry about. Um so here's you know, a great schematic that my uh apprentice designer gave me. Um as you can see the the remote control have parts and those parts look like that and um you know it's got a little operating procedure that looks something like that. And I suppose you all know how it works because we've all used it and we wouldn't be in a company designing remote controls if we didn't know what they were so uh personal preferences, I think uh programmable options which um just require a small amount of memory, uh non volatile memory, just um so the user can put in their favourite channels and maybe their preferred volume settings so that when they turn it on it's not blasting. Oh okay. And the uh, the bells and whistles that we mentioned you know, they take more budgeting, um more technical uh expenditure of effort and it's also much more likely to not work if if we add these bells and whistles. That's all I got. Ooh that's tight. Okay, I don't think we need to screw it in. Just push it. Yellow. Yeah yeah. Well hmm. Oh it's They're act there there was a remote control that came out two years ago that had a some basic speech recognition on it. You could programme it with your channels and then you say you know like uh B_B_C_ one and it goes to that channel. Yeah, it didn't work very well though because of this noise interference problem. They mentioned you know if the television says you are listening to B_B_C_ one. Right, right, and so there was a lot of this, you'd be watching the T_V_ and then all of a sudden it'd it'd pick up a noise and turn it off or you know or turn the volume off or something, but if you can work around that that noise problem Right. Right and then it would do just you know, uh subtractive kind of cancellation of the noise. What you could do then would be you have uh a remote controlled by the T_V_ speaker, or not a remo I'm sorry, a microphone by the T_V_ speaker and a transmitter there that sends back to your remote, 'cause you can't um expect uh the the television manufacturers to to put that feature into their T_V_s. But yeah, then you have like the little se separate module by the T_V_ speaker which Right, and then the remote control would know um what's being produced by the television. Right, right. Right, right. Um. Yeah that's certainly possible then an another thing was about this losing the remote and trying to find it again. If you do have this sorta speech interface to it, you don't even need to find it. You just say you know, um whatever you whatever you want the remote for, you know to change the channel or to uh turn the T_V_ on and off, you just shout your command to it and it would do it for you if it's within you know, within hearing range. And uh you know it could be somewhere in the room y that you've no idea where it is and it would still do its job. Well, hopefully we're uh we're ahead of the curve. Hmm. Um. Mm. Yeah, no th the material's cheap but it's just uh the the glow in the dark material needs some light to charge it you know, and then uh if you're, if you're sitting in the dark for too long it uh it won't glow any more. Right. Right. Mm-hmm. Um yeah we're getting a lot of features now, I I think Yeah. Well, I think a consideration too is that these uh remotes get abused a lot, you know they get thrown around, there's a good chance the the T_F_T_ screen would break or uh get damaged. They're pretty fragile. Yeah mm. Oh. Oh no it's it's much cheaper than the T_F_T_, it's just a microphone and some some integrated circuits. And it'd it'd be a small vocabulary speech recognition system, like a Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah. So it should be when you save on your desktop, so it goes save as, or And then uh hit that little folder up thing again. Again. All the way to the top, yeah that's up to desktop. Right and then project documents. Mm. Did you get my email? Okay. Just making sure. Yeah. Wow. We could go comp yeah. We could go completely out of the box and make the thing a big red ball foam ball. And it's got the thing on the inside. And there's no buttons at all, it's always on, and just yell at it, and it works. And then ch children will love it. Oh yellow, yellow ball. Right. Twelve thirty. Mm. Yep. Yeah I've been using up the pages. Another questionnaire.