Sorry. It could be oh uh I was just gonna say uh maybe like the flip phones that they use? Have you seen the new mo mobile phones that flip out and they have the like texting, and then the numbers on one side, so you could have the most used buttons on top and flip it out or something. Yeah. That might be the Maybe i Yeah, have a big kind of like the satellite box or the cable box and have it just go on the T_V_ and then it doesn't matter where in the room you are, you won't lose it. No. Oh. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Okay well, I can do mine. Yeah, let's see if I can make this work. Um. Oh. Is it doing Okay. Oh okay. Okay, so this is just about the technical functions. So the method, I looked online for examples of other similar products and then just kind of was trying to brainstorm some possible design ideas and um identify what the necessary things are, what people are what you really wanna have a remote control do. Um and then there are two different kinds that I found. There's a user centred one and an engineering centred one which I will have pictures of and then we kinda have to decide which one this should be. So these are the two different ones. This one um this is the user centred, it has uh quite a few mm uh um fewer buttons and then this is the engineering centred, which has a lot more buttons, and probably this is one that people complain about, about having too many buttons that you don't use. So basically, what a remote control is is you it's to send messages to the television set, you know, turn on, off, switch the channels and the volume and things such as that. And so for this product it's gonna be television only, and then it has to have the uh logos for the company and the colours. And so, for my personal preferences, I think this one is easier to use and has quite a you know, fewer buttons. Um we want something that sends messages easily to the television and I was kind of wondering about this example that they have. It looks kind of narrow at the top, and I was thinking maybe if it were wider at the top, then that would be easier. Um and so we have to decide what's gonna make our product different. E the unique style, maybe have it light up so it's visible in the dark, um the changeable face-plates, and the lighting up and visible I was when we were talking about havi losing it, maybe to have a button on the television that you press and it maybe if it makes a noise or lights up or something like that, so it's easier to find if someone has hidden under the couch or something like that. So that's my presentation. Yeah. F they probably clip to you. Oh. Hmm I think it's all there. H Oh yeah. That's kind of strange. Yeah, people are pro I would think that people might forget I mean people forget to put their cordless phones back on there, so. Yeah. No. Um. Do they make batteries that last that long? Yeah, they have that little solar Yeah. Mm. Yeah, some people are Yeah. Yeah. Per hour? Wow. That's a lot. Yeah. Though I think with digital T_V_, like I know on my cable box, you're not supposed to do that because the channel can't keep up with it if you just press it like that, so you're supposed to use the menu and go through the different channels that way instead of Uh-oh. Yeah. Um Oh I just have one question. So are we doing just the television or are we doing so not D_V_D_ players, we okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh okay. Okay.