Why are you looking at me? Do I have a choice? Okay. Ooh ooh, things falling everywhere. Right, okay. Cool. Okay. So, my name's Cat and I'm really not very good at this whole drawing malarkey so um Okay. Oh, good point. Ah, the eyes always ruin it. Right. Okay, what do it's eyes like? Okay, cool. Um this is a rabbit. Yeah, I don't think it's furry enough, so we'll make it a fluffy rabbit. Okay, right, it's a fluffy rabbit, blue. Rabbits don't come in blue but you know. Um okay and I like it because it's small and it's fluffy. And one day you'll be able to getical genetically modify them and they will come in pink. Okay? I am the um I need my notebook, mm ooh top banana. Thank you. Okay, cool, I am the Marketing Expert um so like I'm gonna be doing the apparently according to the little guy in the computer that knows everything the user g requirements specification of the functional design, um trend watching in the conceptual design and product evad-valuation in the detailed design um so yeah. Um I'm from Leicester, um second year. Um what else do you want to know? I like sports um yeah, aerobics, kickboxing, spinning um and uh not with rabbits, no no. And vets, I like vets as well. And yeah um and I like cocktails, especially pink ones. Okay? Cool. Is a bit more impressive than my rabbit. I think it needs four legs if it's gonna walk though. They're not just like a big round body and then some really skinny legs and then just some horns. It looks like Eeyore. Horns, draw some horns. Is that a lizard? Is there a difference? If you right click on it you can Yeah, I was looking at the website, and the other things that they've made and I like put down some like inspirational words like that I got from looking at the pictures. So the motto is um we put the fashion in electronics and um so it's something that is sleek and stylish but it's still functional, you know? So I'm kind of thinking, you know like those phones that they have, the new generation ones, where they don't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that. You know, so something heading towards that, so it's not overly I mean I don't know what h most of the buttons do on my remote controls, so I figure how many do you need, you know? Okay. Something that's a little less crowded than this, like I mean you know, theoretically you can do all kinds of things with your T_V_, right? But what do most people do? They turn it on, they watch certain specified channels, you know, and then they turn it off again. Sometimes they play a movie. Yeah, so there's no need to have buttons on it to do that, maybe to do Yeah. So, if you're the kind of sad case that knows how your remote control works, then you know that's fine and you can do it on the screen rather than everybody else having to have those buttons, which just confuse them. Hmm. 'Cause like if you look at the train, it's just very like, there's no extra bits on it, the train on the website and I dunno if you can put it up on the thing um but it is just like a long like thing used for mu moving people, but it looks really pretty too. Mm-hmm.