Mm-hmm? Okay. Ooh. Hmm. How do we sta wa how do we start? Does anybody know? So that's this Oh okay, right. Uh.. Hmm. Okay, just hang on a second everybody. I haven't actually looked at this yet. um I haven't looked at it, but let's just start it off and we'll see what happens. If you're all ready. So is the agenda? Opening, acquaintance, tool training and project plan, discussion and then closing. Project aim is a new remote control. It's original, uh trendy and it's user-friendly. Project method, functional design, individual work, another meeting, conceptual design, individual work, and a meeting of details design, individual work and a meeting. Tool training. Try out the whiteboard, every participant should draw their favourite animal and sum up their favourite characteristics of that animal. Um. Uh Miss Industrial Designer, would you like to go first? Yeah, why don't you just c, I think just clip on clip do you have a belt? Or put 'em in your pocket, yeah. Yeah, what's your favourite animal? Is it rude? That's a very good elephant. 'Kay, and you want to write up on there, it says you've gotta sum up your f f your favourite characteristics of that animal. Mm. Okay. Wonderful, well done. Do you want to use the wipe the m the wiper and wipe it off? And Mister aesthetics designer do you wanna go next? No. No. Okay, well done. Yeah. Miss mar Miss Marketing? Um yeah, I think you can just draw the face, but then you'll have to describe in writing how the rest of it looks. That's a very pr pretty cat. Okay, do y do you wanna do some write you wanna just write some words about it? Wow, so they're kinda spiritual. Well done. Okay. Um, I don't actually have a favourite animal, but for the for th for this meeting I'll s draw a little Uh. I honestly can't draw for toffee. Uh. Yeah. no no uh That's exactly what it is. Uh not a very good one Okay, well, you got it's a s It's a squirrel, and I like them, because they're cute and stupid. Right. Okay, so, I guess that was the test to see if this equipment is all working. Mm. Let's move on to the next page. Okay, project finance, selling price twenty five Euros, profit aim fifty million Euros. Yeah. Production cost, ah right it's gotta be can't cost any more than twelve fifty to make. experience with with remote control, so talk about who who's used what. Any ideas? Stuff like that. Next meeting starts in thirty minutes. At quarter to twelve. Yeah. Oh k so we're actually supposed to be doing this discussion like right now are we or oh okay. I thought this was just t giving us instructions for the re to do next, but Okay. Right, who's got experiences with remote controls then? Pretty much everybody. Um. 'Kay um. W what You want it big do you want it small. Are we are we going for like like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we are going for something that's that's big and Video and ts hi-fi and stuff. Maybe you yeah now th that's the other thing is it's gotta be cheap. 'Cause I I I mean I was thinking something that's got different like maybe a a an L_C_D_ display on it that's got different pages for different devices, but that would p that would probably be quite expensive. Per unit, yeah. Well at the moment we could, wa I mean we 'cause we this is what we th what we're doing at the moment is just saying what what we'd like, and then after we after we've found out what we can like, some different ideas, we can then go and do the research to find out if these any of these ideas are feasible or not. So would be nice to have something that that controls lots of different things. Um. 'Kay. Okay, that's. Th that's an idea. Okay. One side for kids, one side for adults. Like it or something like a flip telephone, something like that maybe. F flip it open and you've got all the buttons, or you flip it closed and you've just got the basic buttons on the outside maybe. Um, oh we've got five minutes left. But okay. Well we've got a k we've got a few ideas there. Yeah. I have got I think we should also have a back-up plan of I 'cause I I I just think that it might be expensive to make something that I mean we don't, we haven't been told it has to be something that will control everything. We should have a back-up plan of just a really good television remote control, that just that is just for a T_V_, but it's just a really good, nice one. What do you reckon? See 'cause, I'm just thinking bearing in mind th we've gotta we have to have something that's cheap to make. I think we'll be able to come up with ideas and stuff a lot quicker. Yeah. May w you know, maybe even Or maybe even so something that's for disabled people or so people that uh b don't see very well or big buttons for touchy buttons for Yeah. Or just one that looks really fucking cool. Otherwise we'll be we'll be here all day talking about do this let's do that n I think we sh I think we should Yeah. I mean obviously everyone we're uh you know uh sounds like we're all a bit sort of gadget heads and we like things that do everything at once, but you know, that's Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. I mean I'd like one that makes tea as well, but that's not gonna happen. Okay, like a lock f like a lock functs function on it like you have on your telephones, yeah. Yeah, it's gotta be sellable. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No porn channel for children. Okay. Um alright, so we've got some ideas, we've got um Let's move on. Oops, let's close that. Next meeting, uh okay. Industrial Designer um which is Um. Yeah, there you go. So User Interface Designer, that's that's that's you, so you gotta you go, you're you're gonna be the one that's working out what what buttons we need. Um. Industrial Designer, you are the one, you know, you're gonna be working out kind of box it goes in, I guess so, um whether it's what goes into the box, somehow. And in marketing User requirements specifications. Yeah, what Right, okay, yeah. You two you two are gonna be just, I think, you just double up, you know, you working together. You're the one that's gotta go and find out do th do the research, see what people want in a remote, what buttons are used more often, and s stuff like that. Oh, we've been warned to finish the meeting now. Okay. Okay everyone, well done. Good meeting. Yeah.