So what was what was this k ka Okay. Mm-hmm. Um you mean this would be like the the overall shape of the remote control, yeah, mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Um I have some PowerPoint, yeah. Oh. 'Kay. Okay. Okay. Um to be honest actually, I mentioned some some of the things which which could fit on the on the this talk um this time, I m I mentioned them already in the previous talk. So um yeah, this time um I might not have them on the slides but I I can just mention them aw again. Okay. So um I thought um I would also include the definition of user interface um so it's the aspects of a of of a computer system or programme which can be seen uh by the user um and and which uh the mechanisms that the user uses to control its operation and input data. So this would p includes things like shape and size and buttons and um voice recognition as well, and colour, and so on. Um um the method I employed this time was a again having a look to related products and mainly on the internet and then um analyse them uh from the point of view of user fen friendliness and also um whether their appearance was was pleasant. Um and then um this uh this um this can help us to decide which features we want to incorporate in our product. So some findings um um. So in in the case of many user interfaces, they're just so full of buttons that it's actually uh hard to find the ones you you really um want to use and um and it's just confusing, it takes y know time to learn. Um okay, and I thought I would just quickly show some of them that I found. Okay, some of them are here. Um well the picture is not very clear, but as you can see, there are actu oi, oh oh oh, sorry for that. 'S go back. Ah, no, please. Okay, so yeah, they're quite big and have many many buttons. Actually of the of all these I personally p prefer this one, because it's it's the smallest and and with with least uh with the smallest number of buttons as well. And I would say even the appearance of some of them is kind of not so nice. Um okay. So let's carry on with this. Um So uh um o other findings um some new things um used, uh some of them were mentioned already by our Technical um Designer uh. Our own company has developed a new in user interface uh wait, no this is not the one. Okay, there is a we can uh include voice recognition and um it allows i it's possible to record eighty different voice samples on it. Uh so uh this uh this one was already mentioned uh the L_C_ display. Um s another new development is a scroll button, which was also th also already mentioned. And uh our own manufacturing division ha has uh designed a new um uh programmable speech uh mm sorry uh speaker unit I guess it's it should be. Um and this means that um once uh uh it it it comes together with a voice recognition, but it's once once the mm um gadget uh recognises uh the voice of the speaker, there can be a um pre-programmed answer, for example, you can pick up the remote control and say something to it like hello and it says some hello and your name or whatever. So I mean this is also one of the n dev new developments which we might consider if we wanted to include. No no, the scroll button is a different thing. I I have a picture if you just a moment, I'll I'll show you. I wasn't completely sure myself, but I think it's just like um it's it's a wheel, it's like not separate buttons. Look, this one here. But I'm I'm not really sure whether whether you can really turn it round, it's like you press this or this or Uh-huh. Mm. Uh Okay, and the personal preferences are pretty much the same as as as last time. It it has to be small, simple. Okay, we decided to include voice recognition, so to have the standard uh major buttons like on, off, um ch the channels and and then um volume and then the rest would be a menu on the screen. Um and I I also thought uh if we want to keep it small and nice um and actually I I quite like the idea of a scroll a scrolling button, I thought it could be for for voice like, I dunno, it mm like on a um i like it used to be on Walkmans or something. There is uh I think there is no reason why we couldn't use something like this for for the remote control. So yeah, that's uh that's it. Yep, yeah. Mm-hmm. So it could be like a rubbery yeah, uh-huh. Thanks Yeah uh-hum yeah. Yeah it's yeah. N wood is I can't n how do you uh I mean you can't keep it really small uh you can't make it like thin and The wood thing. Because you need to you n you need to put all the technology in, so I mean if the case you add the case and it it becomes a bit bulky wi mm-mm yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. U yeah wood is not really yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, in the case of remote control not really. Yeah, but you um I think for for the channel numb uh channel numbers you still need them, wouldn't you? Yeah, so for channel numbers but But I th yeah but I think the L_C_D_ display is kind of yeah, it's faster with a m yeah and w if we dis and when we s um discussed that we might like this flipping open thing, then I mean y you can use it as a normal remote control, but if you do want to use L_C_D_, then you flip it open, but it's it it's more time-consuming. Yeah. No, no, I mean mm we we definitely need the the numbers, because it's uh otherwise people don't want to flip through all the channels. Um Yeah, I would say buttons, because it's yeah. I Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah but n I I'm not completely um completely clear uh I yeah, about the spinning wheel. So I think it it doesn't make sense to have both like a scrolling and spinning thing, it's uh you can al include everything in the spinning if you yeah, yeah, in that case. Ah, but I mean you can Yeah, I um I think so too, I mean the case would be yeah the case would be rubber and the the buttons, rubber buttons, but then Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah I think we um it was a a requirement that we use our um th the colours of our company, so would it be like yellow, grey and black or something, or Yeah, does Yeah. Banana's yellow, yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm. And the buttons as well, I think. Yeah. Yeah, but it it I think it should be quite cheap because it's from our own company, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um Uh-huh. So w w would with have the spinning wheel inside with the L_C_D_, or would it be on the outer Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. So but shall I move away first or shall I stay here with we need to