That went well, thank you. Perfect. Go ahead. Nice. Mm. Right. Right. Nice. Interesting. Mm. Good call. Choose it. Well I'd say shop around but with our time constraints, is that really a feasible option? Right. Right. Um It's an option, uh but actually there's I've got some research already on like what we're looking at and trends in casing right now which actually might even come into play beforehand, it may help us decide for now. Temporarily anyway. I guess so, 'cause I found some interesting things. You waiting for me? I know, what a teaser ain't it. Um. Right. So current market trends. Screen. Um, basically I was looking at what's going on in the remote control market right now and what's going on in other design fields, to see sort of what's what's trendy, what's new, what's happening. Um, remote control right now basically everybody says they want newer, fancier, more exciting they're sick of this boring, normal, functional, um that we need innovative design options and there needs to be an easy user interface. Um the challenge is that current trends right now, across the board in fashion, in furniture, in technology, is a very organic fruit and vegetable kind of thing. Now I'm not saying we should have, you know, tomato shaped remote controls or anything, but I think it is possible maybe to use um natural colours, like if wood is an option, that whole organic, sleek, clean, v line thing may be something we can look into. Different skin options, or if we can't afford this touch plate thing, or touch face screen interface um, maybe having the b images be specific, like you could choose your menu bullets to be a different shape or okay, not the example I would choose, but you know what I mean to t sort of and th apparently the feel of the next couple of years is spongy, uh not something I I've come up with a though if we can get around to getting piloting, I thought maybe a casing option like uh not like a skin, but like a holder almost if you could do like um, leather options or wood options or something Mm-hmm. Mm. Might be an interesting way to go. Um, yeah so something to sit on for now. So overall I think we should stick with what we're finding, everyone's looking for easy to use, technologically innovative and this fancy new I think perhaps the double curve thing and maybe this rubber option is our best way to go for right now. Um. Yeah. Um. Well I d but then if the touch screen thing isn't gonna work out for us that's really a non-issue. True. Very true. Very true. Very much so. Um We could. I think that goes against the whole fancy something, a new line, but worth a shot. Ah, it could be, it could be, um. Yeah that's what I know. No problem. Mm. Yeah. Very true, very true. Mm. Hmm. Okay. Mm, right. Mm. Nice. Mm. Mm. I think it's our most marketable feature just because it's so new and it's something that is showing up in other places. But can we really afford it 'cause it looks like they would be, that would be a really main cost source then right? Per? Piece. I know And our goal was to be under twelve fifty or we have to be under twelve fifty? Do we remember? Okay. Can we justify it? Right. Though I think that's what people would pay for, I mean if you're gonna pay for an expensive high class remote, you're gonna expect it to do something Yeah. Right. Yeah. See if we can cut some corners. Right. Well and we can look into this other manufacturing option, and maybe we can get 'em somewhere else cheaper. Right. It's a starting point anyway, so. Mm. Yeah 'cause with voice recognition I mean really this is pretty bells and whistles kinda remote. I think we'd have to decide between 'em definitely. Price-wise. True. We've already got it. Pretty much. Right and they said they wanted voice recognition. Course, maybe they hadn't thought of this whole touch screen option, but definitely we know the market is there for voice recognition so to say we have the technology and we're not gonna use it even though we know it'll sell is a call I don't think I can give the highs ups. Like really I can't go in and say no we're gonna just ignore everything we know. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we already have research backing voice recognition as you know fiscally solvent. But uh I I I personally would tend to another direction but if that's what's gonna sell I think that's what we need to go with and maybe we can table this touch screen for our next model. Mm. Right. Right. And we're still not then we don't have to deal with this battery issue nearly as much either, we can stick with what we've already got. In a lot other ways too. I think it's our lower risk option which for right now we can have it on the market sooner which is all in all our best option. So and when are we gonna have basic prototypes coming up next that's you guys's next step right? Right. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well what of people with like the T_V_ in their basement, like what if wha we can't guarantee sunlight everywhere so having a secondary source is probably Yeah. True. True. Right. Okay. Uh Interesting. I if it's got voice recognition it can be technically anywhere in your room and still do its job. True, and i probabl I think we're banking on selling it to more than just voice recognition people, like we want it to work fundamentally as a basic manual too, right. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. With the bu yeah. Mm-hmm. True. Way to go. Yeah I'm thinking of the airport portal, you know like that little pod looking thing? Right. That would be kinda neat. Terracotta bowl or something. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, which is the next big thing, so that's not gonna hurt us either. Right. Handy. Okay. Mm. Right. Well when the majority of people are only using the most primary functions on a daily basis, although I'm not saying we should completely rule out major functions, they should be secondary, at least if not functionally then visually, like those shouldn't be Take precedence, yeah. Right. And they slide. Well and do we wanna consider like an iPod screen which isn't a touch screen but you're still scrolling through menu options, in p True, we're still not making it easier then. True. Fair enough. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah it's just a scroll. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. Right. Mm. Well no it's basic just like four directions that are that can use as menu or channel and volume or however you wanna do it, are really versatile and everybody's already got them to some extent on the remotes they already own so it's not like we're dealing with everybody relearning things 'cause that's not something anybody's gonna wanna buy a new for. Mm. Right, particularly in technological fields, so that's exactly where we're headed. Uh. Oh it wasn't in the way but yeah, whatever. No, don't worry about it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, get in there. Yeah, totally. Cool. Cool.