Okay. Good morning everybody. Um I'm glad you could all come. I'm really excited to start this team. Um I'm just gonna have a little PowerPoint presentation for us, for our kick-off meeting. My name is Rose Lindgren. I I'll be the Project Manager. Um our agenda today is we are gonna do a little opening and then I'm gonna talk a little bit about the project, then we'll move into acquaintance such as getting to know each other a little bit, including a tool training exercise. And then we'll move into the project plan, do a little discussion and close, since we only have twenty five minutes. First of all our project aim. Um we are creating a new remote control which we have three goals about, it needs to be original, trendy and user-friendly. I'm hoping that we can all work together to achieve all three of those. Um so we're gonna divide us up into three compa three parts. First the functional design which will be uh first we'll do individual work, come into a meeting, the conceptional design, individual work and a meeting, and then the detailed design, individual work and a meeting. So that we'll each be doing our own ideas and then coming together and um collaborating. Okay, we're gonna get to know each other a little bit. So um, what we're gonna do is start off with um let's start off with Amina. Um Alima, sorry, Alima. Um we're gonna do a little tool training, so we are gonna work with that whiteboard behind you. Um introduce yourself, um say one thing about yourself and then draw your favourite animal and tell us about it. Probably both. How do you spell your name? Thanks. So what are your favourite characteristics? Mm. Excellent. Shall we just go around the table? Mm. Might be nice to have them all up there at same time. Em Mm 'kay. Mm 'kay? I'm Rose and I'm Project Manager, from California. Um. Hmm. S Um it's actually a coyote. Let's see. Let's see, let's give it a little bit of a snout, I don't know, some teeth. Yeah. Oh dear. Yes. I live um I live right across the street from an open space in California. We have coyotes howl all the time. So I really enjoy their their singing, you they're really beautiful animals. Mm. Okay um, moving on to slightly more serious stuff. We're gonna talk about project finances. Um we have a couple we'd like to sell it for about twenty five Euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million Euro um from our sales and because this is such this is for television it's a we have a market range of Internet, like it's an international market range, we don't have to worry about specifics. Um in order to make a profit of this magnitude, we need to um be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty Euro. So we're selling it for twice what we'd like to produce it for. Okay um, just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project um, I could I'd like to hear about your experiences using ro remote controls, um your first ideas about um creating a new r remote control, what would be the best um like you what are the features that you really like what are the features that you don't like, etcetera, so Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Um I would imagine all of them, but we could but it's possible we could use like a lithium battery um that would last a lot longer than like double A_s. Um like tho those are the batteries that are used in a lot of um M_P_ three players now and that kind of thing. Um. Um. Okay, it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over um to uh combining all the remotes cont together versus having f five different remotes. So um like you said you don't like having all the buttons on one on one remote, and yet you don't wanna have five remotes. So how do we work with that? Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Okay, so maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on, off, channel changing, volume, and another rote remote with all the special things. Because that is one thing that um remotes tend to have buttons that the T_V_s no longer have as well. So like you have to have them somewhere, 'cause you're gonna m need those special functions occasionally. Um but not necessarily on the m the normal remote. Good question. I don't know that yet. It's a good question. Um. I'll look into that. If I can. Mm. Mm. Okay. 'Kay sounds like we've had a good little discussion for our first ideas. Mind if we move on? Ps mm okay. Um now our next meeting starts in thirty minutes. I believe we've actually been only working on this this one for about twenty, so we can continue discussing more new ideas if you'd like um, but this is just a breakdown of what we'll be doing individually. Um the industrial design, Alima will be doing um the working design. Um the User Interface Designer, that's for. Technical functions, I guess like keeping in mind the buttons thing, the size of the buttons. Um user requirements um, so you'll be hearing about different trends, uh about different things that people need, um I guess kind of the same uh discussion that we've been having, we'll get from the actual consum s consumers. Mm 'kay um. And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach. I realised in this past one we we didn't have much, we just wanted to get a little brain-storming done. Um so very exited to see all your animals and how what wonderful um artists we all are um. Any questions? I haven't gotten an agenda yet, um I'll put that together. I'm sure as we'll each get our own instruction and then um because what we gonna do is first our individual actions and then we'll come back together. So I'm sure we'll all have more concrete things to contribute next time Mm 'kay um I'll type up mi minutes and probably email those out to all of you. Um just including all the things that we talked about. Um. Yes, I yes, I think I can. Mm-hmm. I'll just attach it to an email. And you're you're number two, three, four? Is that correct? Okay. Excellent. It was lovely meeting you all. Just make sure you keep checking the company web site and the emails. Let me see if I can do that right now. Mm 'kay.