Mm-hmm. Great. And I'm Andrew and I'm uh our marketing expert. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's that's it. Yeah. I will go. That's fine. Alright. So This one here, right? Okay. Very nice. Alright. My favourite animal is like A beagle. Um charac favourite characteristics of it? Is that right? Uh, right, well basically um high priority for any animal for me is that they be willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family. And, yeah that they have lots of personality and uh be fit and in robust good health. So this is blue. Blue beagle. My family's beagle. I coulda told you a whole lot more about beagles. Boy, let me tell you. Impressionist. Alright. Mm. Superb sketch, by the way. Yep. I see a dog in there. Yep. Now I see a rooster. What kind is it? Is he aware that th it's his own cha tail he's chasing? Hmm. Probably when he was little he got lots of attention for doing it and has forever been conditioned. 'Kay. Um, can we just go over that again? Uh, so bas at twel Alright, yeah. Okay. So cost like production cost is twelve fifty, but selling price is is that wholesale or retail? Like on the shelf. Our sale our sale anyway. Yeah, okay okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Alright. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well right away I'm wondering if there's um th th uh, like with D_V_D_ players, if there are zones. Um f frequencies or something um as well as uh characters, um different uh keypad styles and s symbols. Um. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then a and then al the other thing international is on top of the price. I'm thinking the price might might appeal to a certain market in one region, whereas in another it'll be different, so Just a chara just a characteristic of the Just Or just like, basic product podi positioning, the twenty five Euro remote control might be a big hit in London, might not be such a big hit in Greece, who knows, something like that, yeah. Yep. Right away I'm making some kind of assumptions about what what information we're given here, thinking, 'kay trendy probably means something other than just basic, something other than just standard. Um so I'm wondering right away, is selling twenty five Euros, is that sort of the thi is this gonna to be like the premium product kinda thing or Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah, I'd say so, yeah. No. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Do we have any other background information on like how that compares to other other Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, interesting thing about discussing um production of a remote control for me is that l as you point out, I just don't think of remote controls as somethin something people consciously assess in their purchasing habits. It's just like getting shoelaces with shoes or something. It just comes along. Do you know what I mean? Like so sort of like how do you I I mean one one way of looking at it would be, well the people producing television sets, maybe they have to buy remote controls. Or another way is maybe people who have T_V_ sets are really fed up with their remote control and they really want a better one or something. But Right. Right. Okay so Right, so in function one of the priorities might be to combine as many uses I think so. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well like um, maybe what we could use is a sort of like a example of a successful other piece technology is palm palm pilots. They're gone from being just like little sort of scribble boards to cameras, M_P_ three players, telephones, everything, agenda. So, like, I wonder if we might add something new to the to the remote control market, such as the lighting in your house, or um Yeah, yeah. An Yeah. Like, p personally for me, at home I've I've combined the um the audio video of my television set and my D_V_D_ player and my C_D_ player. So they w all work actually function together but I have different remote controls for each of them. So it's sort of ironic that that then they're in there um you know, the sound and everything it's just one system. But each one's got its own little part. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. That's just really good id Yep. Uh, sure. I remember when the first remote control my my family had was on a cable. Actually had a cable between it and the T_V_ and big like buttons that sort of like, like on a blender or something. And um, you know, when I think about what they are now, it's better, but actually it's still kind of, I dunno, like a massive junky thing on the table. Maybe we could think about how, could be more, you know, streamlined. S Something like that, yeah. Or whatever would be technologically reasonable. 'Cause it could b it could it could be that f it could be that functionally that doesn't make it any better, but that just the appeal of of not having You know, these days there's a r pe things in people's homes are becoming more and more like chic, you know. Um, nicer materials and might be be worth exploring anyway. Okay. Um. Before we wrap up, just to make sure we're all on the same page here, um, do we We were given sort of an example of a coffee machine or something, right? Well, um are we at ma right now on the assumption that our television remote control may have features which go beyond the television? Or are we keeping sort of like a a design commitment to television features? I I don't know. Yep. Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright.