I respond to either. No worries. Okay, first thing I want to address is um one of the points that Florence brought up, which was uh current cost of the competition devices, similar to the ones that Stephanie uh showed us and and they're uh twenty to sixty Euros, depending on uh branding. Some of them that have a higher brand recognition are on the more expensive end. But I think that with the current um price that we're searching for, we're well within, even on the lower end, of the uh of the market. But I'm going to move on to more interesting um more vibrant things. So, I investigated the remote control market in greater detail, and my uh the theme of what I was to work on was uh trend watch. And I know that you all are a distance from cutting edge marketing research, so you know, I'm just gonna try to cloak it in really professional terms here. What's hot, fruit and veg. Spongy. And this is all over the catwalks, Paris, Milan, and I'm talking about clothing, furniture, shoes. This is really interesting change from past years, because it is much more organic, um some would say approachable. And I think if we're to refashion our view of what we want in a remote control, we should perhaps think about incorporating technologically interesting fabrics and some of the bold colours into a simple handset. So. I also did a little research on um what again are the most important priorities in uh decision making about uh purchasing. Fancy. Functional is out. And f the fancy, and that's exactly the term, I'm I'm thinking polished, elegant, you know, kind of innovative, but a cut above. This is twice as important as the next finding, which is technologically innovative. This is interesting, 'cause I think in the last meeting we were talking about technology as being so important, but maybe what's innovative is having it simple with um with uh technologically superior fabrics or uh, you know, designed in interesting substances. Ease of use. Again, pretty low, I mean it's the top three, but each of the uh fancy and technologically innovative are far more important. So I think we should cloak the streamlined remote control device in a series of fruit fruit themed sleeves. Y yeah, you know Exactly. Exactly. I was thinking though that instead of having something uh like patterned, you know, so, you know, something similar to a summer dress. you know, it would have like fruit and veg, is that we actually make these spongy. They could be ini initially I thought we could start with kind of um fruit that would suit kind of uh a long uh hand-held, so banana, pineapple and pear. Um it could actually the sleeve could take up a lot of the development and the remote control, we'd just need to get reductionist on it. They could be interchangeable, they're spongy, that goes back to ergonomic, and the youngsters love 'em, fun for the whole family, everyone can have their own. So what we're talking about is changing. this concept. Everyone has a T_V_ remote, but then we add in the fact that they could each have their own individual fruit. That's what's hot on the catwalks. So, this is my This is what I'm thinking. Y yeah, but I think I think what this would allow is perhaps a person in the family who had the most opinion about it we all need a remote, but the person who is really perhaps active in personalising, I'm thinking the teenager, the someone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers. Yeah. W and plus I think Uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So this is an idea and I I you know, this is exactly what the research has uh has shown. So I really open this up to uh any other feedback. This spongy fruit and veg. Thanks. Alright. I I just have my ear to the market, guys. Is spongiest, yeah. That would add Mm-hmm. They are and they they would fulfil the uh first um priority, which is fancy. I think many of us would associate those with fancy. Something else we could do is uh call it something that's fruit and veg oriented. We could call it uh The name. Well it would be uh a a very simple product that would have a spongy sleeve that would be interchangeable. So That, you know, that might be And then we could keep it titanium. Yeah. Or s or smelly. Scratchy Uh well I was really thinking a lot about the I_ uh the iMac kind of gel gem tone. It's hot on the streets, guys. Mm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. That sounds good. Any idea you you mentioned that there would be a cost difference. Um do you have any idea if if this could if the fancy model could be done in twelve Euros fifty? Hmm. Because, you know what, I'm being quite serious when I say that that um the things I mentioned are hot. But I think the important thing might be to choose one. You know, if if what you're telling me is is um some of these things aren't just f aren't feasible, maybe we could something about naming, we could call it, you know, Blackberry. That's uh Alright, well let's see then. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I'm trying to streamline mine a little bit. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Thank you, Kate. Mm. Oh I think um Florence resolved it by F_ eight again. Maybe. Mm. Hmm. It's a duplication. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. To uh m make it. Oh nice. Um Hmm. Mm. Wow. Do you think with um It seems that that uh you guys are quite keen on the plastic, perhaps the something reminiscent of the child's remote. Do you think we could put it in a in a fruit colour? And have it abstract. You know, we could call like a fruit name, but it would be a little more abstract. Mm-hmm. I'm just just throwing out ideas. Yeah. I'm thinking maybe we need to be a little bit more abstract if the design constraints are so Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Nice. Good point. I've used kinetic in terms of watches and it's very very uh handy, you don't even notice um that it's there. It's Mm-hmm. It could tie in with the fanciful design as uh, you know, throw the banana, you know, just gotta keep it moving. Be Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But I could market that as a um as a a I was thinking actually a a cost saver down the road, in terms of battery, you know. Mm-hmm. You know, kind of the That's exactly what I was thinking. I'm sold. Mm. Kind of like an internal egg. Yeah. And with sports on television. You know. I su Then I'll just say I support either from a marketing point of view I support either decision that the designers make on that. No we can't, actually. That's why I was looking over your shoulder Mm. Sounds good. That's really all I got, guys.