Hmm. Yes. Sure. So I've been looking at the components design. Um. Mostly by consulting remote control diagrams from the internet and also by incorporating design ideas from the last project meeting. Um, so we need some custom design parts, and other parts we'll just use standard. Um, I assume we'll be custom designing our case, probably a hard plastic or some other material case, to protect the remote and the locator. And we'll need to custom desi design a circuit board, because the circuit board has to take the button input and send it to the output so you have to design that each time. But once we come up with a design we'll send it to the circuit people and they'll just print it out. Um, standard parts include the buttons and the wheels, um the iPod-style wheel. The infrared L_E_D_ is actually gonna be included in the circuit board that comes with it. Um, we need a radio sender and receiver, those are standard. And al we also need a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. So we have some material options. Um, we can use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium. Um, I'd recommend against titanium because it can only be used in the flat cases and it's really heavy. Um, and the rubber case requires rubber buttons, so if we definitely want plastic buttons, we shouldn't have a rubber case. And, hmm? Uh, well we can use wood. I don't know why we'd want to. Um and also we should note that if we want an iPod-style wheel button, it's gonna require a m qu slightly more expensive chip. We can't use the minimal chip, we need the next higher grade, which is called regular. I don't think it's much more expensive, but it is more expensive. So that's what I've got on design. You need a screen with music because you're looking for a specific song, like you know that band or whatever. With T_V_ channels it's, you know, one two three. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My flatmates actually had one with a wheel, and it it did show up on the T_V_. They have to r wheel really fast. But I think the wheel goes through like a hundred channels, at least on theirs. It's more expensive according to the design people. You have to get a an advanced chip if you wanna have a screen in, which is more expensive than the regular chip, which is more expensive than the minimal. Mm-hmm. Yeah. W when we had the wheely remote control, we it was on the top I think, if you held it like that. Yeah well it had the wheely thing and then it had those eighteen different buttons that I don't know what they do. So we just used the top part. Yeah. Yeah like maybe something on the side where you slip a panel down and it's got a whole bunch of Yeah. Oh how they make the menu show up on the T_V_? I don't know. I believe it's ins it's gotta be inside the T_V_, not inside the remote. I'm not sure. Well they usually are. Well I guess that's right. It always comes with the T_V_. Yeah, it most of the ones we've had have had the menu button, 'cause it's not like you need to have a button access to like change the contrast or something. 'Cause it just doesn't come up every day or something. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Or on the T_V_ too. Oh, I was gonna say. You said uh people want spongy. Um, one of your one of the material options is a sort of rubber that's in like those stress ball things. So, that would be spongy. Yeah I think it could work. Don't think I'd want it to feel like a banana. You could do like the computers where they have like the grapefruit, apple machine and they have like the blueberry, like all the colours are named after fruits. Oh. Mm. I was thinking sort of a single ball shape. So you're holding a squishy ball and then it has a Mm-hmm. Yeah I guess so. Yeah you could squish it. I guess they would be either in the colour of that plastic face on the front, or in the colour of the squishy thing underneath. I think the batteries would have to go right under the plastic case. Especially if you're switching out the squishy part. Then you need to have the other part just be sort of a single unit that you can snap off. Well I dunno. You'd spend so much time like squishing it to your own personal hand. Then you'd get a new one and you'd have to do it all over again. That was me. Yes. Uh we actually had an option of batteries, solar power, and um a dynamo, which is something I don't know what it is. Something to do with torches. Oh okay. Yeah, the other one was the other one was a kinetic thing where you'd basically have to wind it yourself. So I sort of picked battery. We could have talked about doing a wind-up or a dynamo or a solar power. Um but I think solar power's not available with the rubber case anyways. It it seems a little weird for a living room anyways. Didn't have enough data to actually All it said was it gave sort of relative, some chips are more expensive than others, sort of things. It didn't give me any actual cost. Most of the stuff is pretty cheap though bought in bulk. So I don't think it's that much of a problem. Like the chip is probably the most expensive part. Um, for things like remote controls, um, they stamp out a chip, calculators too I think. Um, so you can mass produce 'em pretty cheap. But it's not like a computer, you can't like reprogramme your remo remote controls, it's like stamped onto the chip. Yeah. Case is what we were discussing yeah.