Okay. So now that we've all had a bit of time to think about it, um does anyone have any concrete proposals or do we want to just go through people and start placing them and kind of discuss as we go along? Nope. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, give them like the most comfortable offices and Yeah. 'Cause a professor, but he's only here half time, so it's sort of a different situation. And he's a professor at, but not in Geneva, he just does research in Geneva. Yeah. Okay, so let's go through that first. Um Yeah. And for Susan probably yeah, 'cause I think she prefers to have her own office. Um. Okay. Any preferences to which one? 'Kay. I put Susan here for now. And then Maggie in the other one? No, it's up to us. They're not here so Um okay. And then Yep. Um Well, Pierrette has students and Andrei and don't. Well, does Andrei? S he teaches but okay. Yeah. 'Cause also if we're gonna put people together by projects then there's no sense to put them together, 'cause they all work on different projects. Right? Mm? Yeah. 'Cause they'll fight for the window. What about moving Gisella in there? If she's in there half the time, she can have her desk near the window, and okay, she's not near the mailbox, but but it maybe more sort of practical in terms of working environments for people. But again, one of the reasons for putting the reading room where it is is so that you have You think. Yeah. I don't know. Or what if you put What if we put the two people that are fifty per cent in that room? Yeah. But they are only here fifty per cent. So everyone has to go somewhere. And you also have one three person room with two windows. Nikos volunteers. Who you're taking with you? Okay. Well 'kay so let's put David in there, yeah. You'll meet him. Okay. So I'm just gonna make a list on here of who we have. keep talking. with Pierrette. Okay, so David, Nikos, Gisella, Maggie and Susan are done. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Should we be nice and give them three windows? Okay. That won't get confusing. Where? Here? Oh, here. Would have to be here or the other three person room. Pick a room. Well she's not that far if she's like like in this one here. 'Kay so you want this one? Mm. Okay.. Yalina. Yeah. That could work. In room yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm. I guess I can go in there, 'cause Martin and I wor are working on the sort of the same thing. And that leaves And Nancy. Yeah, that's a weird combination. No, it's not that. It's just you've almost got like a project split, except that you don't, because Nancy and Maggie and I work on premindia parmenidy parmenidies. And then Andrei, Martin, Maria and I also work on. And sort of Susan. Although the Susan and Maggie thing we can't really change. No. But then we should split the little party up. All on your own. Hmm. See I would put it the other way. I would put the room with Martin in it in the two window room, 'cause he's fifty per cent, so then at least the other two people get Put Martin in the three person room with two windows. Since he's fifty per cent. Either way. Well I don't know for splitting up people or Well I'm trying to optimise. I don't think it's necessarily so important to be in the same office with someone if you're working on the same project. 'Cause you're too lazy to get up and walk next door. I don't know like right now I share an office with Bruno. We don't work on any projects together. Yeah. Of course. But I mean that's fine. Like I don't need to be in the same office with someone who works on or someone who works on parmenidies. It's not like yeah. Know anything about yeah. You hear things out of context. What? Okay. I just can't really see them sharing an office, I don't know why. Or we put Andrei and Nancy to Nancy together 'cause they're starting that new project. And then put Maria with me and Martha. I can see that working a bit better. Hmm. I thought you were saying you didn't wanna be in a three person room. First of all Yeah. And put David but then you and Nikos have the window problem, which is why I still think we should put Gisella in that room, because it's She gets the window, the whatever, he's there for two months, it's their problem. Yeah. Not for enjoying the view. So Yeah, but if you put So what if we switch no. You have to have a computer with wireless. No. Well, most of us first of all have desktop computers. pick up your desktop and plus you can't assume that you can just use the reading room for reception hours. Right. Like if people are actually using it as a reading room. Yeah.. Can we say we're gonna move Gisella here? And then I think that gives us a little bit more flexibility to play with moving people around. Goes here. You were the first one on the list, but if you wanna remove someone else Yeah. Mm-hmm. So what if we put you with yeah. Will you have. Okay, so I'm just putting Yalina in so we don't Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Or do you wanna go somewhere else? Here. You just don't photocopy. Well you have the other lift. The switch? With here? So like that and then move you to That's what the plan was. From the beginning. Do you get the photocopying noise. Now we are all gonna come photocopy just to annoy you. Okay. Or did was the id I should start start making full sentences. What about I was thinking about moving Pierrette and Marianne into a two person office rather than a three person office. But With Andrei and Nancy, for example. No, in a three person office. Because if they have reception I know, I thought you were saying that Pierrette should have a smaller office, or be in a smaller office, because of reception or something, or did I just completely misunderstand? Okay. Is because he's fifty per cent, okay. Okay, that works. Mm-hmm. I'm going to try. Yes. 'Kay, what arguments do I need? Well, we have the the group and students here. Although you still have Susan and Maggie over here. Yeah. So it is sort of a well, no, it's not a project split. It's weird, 'cause it kind of is and kind of isn't. Because Maria and Martin and I work all work on the same project, and then Andrei and Nancy work on the same project, and Pierrette n yeah. And yeah. Okay, let me just write down the arguments for why um Mm-hmm. You just want a bigger window. Happy? That's noise reduction. Okay. Now they are, yeah. Except for David, but we can't do anything about that. You mean like a little machine or a vending machine? 'Kay. The little machine, I think, would be harder to sell, but. I will. Nespresso? With the good strong coffee. What did you say, hot tea? Oh, herb tea. Nope. Non-smoking building. No, they'll have to go down. And Susan Maggie close enough, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think so. Just checking if actually have everyone, but I think we do. In was it what did I say, three weeks. As far as I know, yeah. As far as I know basically we pack up one day, the movers come, take all our stuff, put into the red boxes. So when you get there the next day, all your stuff is already in your office. And all the I_P_s and everything is set up. They're trying. So, we'll see. Make sure you label your boxes properly. Um especially the Marianne's. Yeah, so they won't confuse it get confused with the other Marianne's boxes. Uh we can try. I can ask them. But that's not really Um where? Like along Gisella's Yeah. Okay, so Along that bottom hallway somewhere. Okay. Anything else I need to ask them? 'Kay. I don't actually we may need to sort out That's not healthy. Um who I don't know if we need to sort out who sits where, 'cause if they're gonna plug everything and set everything up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no, no. Yeah. I just can't remember whether they're actually gonna set everything up for us or not, but we can change it I guess. Okay. That's it then. save this. Yep. Not right now, 'cause I'm not connected to the internet. But I will. Okay. Good, we're done then.