Hello. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I haven't see it. it's a One hundred thousand. One hundred and two. For for voted for it, yeah. More votes? Yeah, it's it seems to be quite popular. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.. Yeah. So my presentation is not that detailed, I just uh put there seven uh highly uh ranked movies, and we can just try to g uh go very quickly through all of them, just to re remind you them, and then we can perhaps consider another p uh potential candidates. Okay, so the movies that I have selected as as very good uh good ranked movies uh are uh uh are on the screen so uh Shaw The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, Silence of the Lambs and American Beauty. Uh so perhaps we can go to the to the f to the first movie. Uh The Shawshank Redempt uh Redemption um actually I didn't see that movie, so is there someone else who have seen this movie? Okay. mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, the plot outline says that the life of Andy uh Dufresne Duf okay, of Andy, changes when he uh he's uh convicted and jailed for the murder of his wife, and the user comment says it's simply amazing, the best uh film of the nineties. So that's uh what it says, okay, we can't tell much more, because basically none of us have seen it. Mm-hmm, yeah. So the second one is a Schindler's list, it's more serious movie, it's from the St uh Steven Spielberg and it's about the Second War uh Sec Second World War. Uh the plot outline is that the Oskar Schindler uh uses Jews to uh start a factory in Poland during the war, and he witnesses the uh horrors uh endured by the Jews and starts to save them. User comment says, a film for all to see and learn, and I think it's really something what is very serious uh theme and uh yeah. So that's a Schindler's List, um we can perhaps do you have some comments? I I have seen it. I think it's really good movie, it's uh it's quite long actually, I can't uh here I didn't put the the minutes, but I think it's it's at least about three hours. Yeah. No, I don't know, I don't know, unfortunately. But I would expect it. I would expect it. Okay, so if you can go to the It's a true story, yeah. It's it's yeah, I would say that the user comment says everything, a film to see and to learn. And to remember as well, yeah. Okay, th so the third one is The Usual Suspects. So I think I I wouldn't uh I don't want to comment it again, so we can just skip that, because it was this this is the one already commented by Agnes. So let's go to the to the other one. Pulp Fiction. I would say that's that's like a classical movies of of nineties, uh it's uh directed by Quentin Tarantino, it's a it's a crime and drama, it's a a there i there are several s several stories that are just mixed up during the during the movie, and uh yeah, it's a real classical movie, I would say almost nowadays. So I've seen it. So all of us. Sure, sure, you can see it several times, because I mean the first time you cannot catch all the details, and then i when you see it second times and third times it's It's big comeback, yeah, big comeback of John Travolta, yes. I would say good comeback. Yes. Who is there? Huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Bruce Willis is there as a boxer, yeah. Um Yes. Okay, so that's Pulp Fiction, definitely should be considered uh. Mm-hmm. Wow, that's interesting. How. That may be. Yeah, because yeah because I have I have uh I have th this review on on Wednesday. Okay. It's Goodfellas, I haven't see that movie. The plot outline says that the Henry Hill and the his friends uh work their way uh their way up through the mob uh hierarchy, and uh the user comment says, it's a simply a masterpiece, so and if you go to the to the to the votes, there is quite a lot of people who has vote for the Goodfellas, sixty six thousand. Okay, it's It's modern day average, so it's perhaps not a bad movie. I dunno, I haven't see that. You have seen it? Yeah? Mm-hmm. uh-huh. And how i was it called, Mafia? Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. So it talks about the nineteen twen twenties or something like o of twenties? Mm-hmm. Okay, so. Mob is mafia, mm-hmm. Okay. Silence of the Lambs, that's a godfather of all thrillers, I would say. Fully in line with the user comments. Uh basically it's a it's a thriller, horror and crime all together. The plot outline says that the uh Clarice Starling, the young F_B_I_ agent is assigned to help a f to help find a mi uh missing woman and save her from the ps psychopathic killer with the help of another killer. This another killer is actually in a jail and it's uh Anthony Hopkins, and he really plays it a very good, I would say. I'm not sure whether he received some a awards for that, but it's really it's Yes, very good performance, very good performance. Yeah, and we can see her actually on the picture on the on the projector.. Um uh ninety one uh ninety one uh. So nowadays she's already fourteen years older. Yeah. And I saw this movie when I was like uh twelve or thirteen and it was really really uh bad experience. So I can't remember all the details of that movie, but I would like to see it again. I recently I saw the the uh Hannibal, that the seco the sec uh it was a third third part actually, it was called Hannibal I guess. It was second one, yeah. So that's why It was really disgusting, yeah. Yeah. And the last choice that um I think it's it's not a bad movie, it's uh American Beauty. Uh it's basically about the about the people in America, each of them is uh I would say psychotic in his uh his own way, but uh normally they appear to be uh s normal people, as as we can see them ev every day. Uh so and it's really it's uh the user comments say it's a deep, wonderful, penetrating uh film, extraordinary uh irony uh in a psychological drama about American life, and I can fully agree with this user comment. Uh He's simulati I I I've seen this movie, but I Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. But then he fell in love with the the with the with the friend of uh his daughter, if I remember well. That's really Maybe. Yeah, yeah, that's true, yeah. Uh-huh. And I think that's the last If would like to go for something what is really serious I would definitely uh go for Schindler's List, and if not uh then Hmm. I would like to see this uh Shawshank Redemption, because it receive i yeah, it it none of us seen this movie unfortunately, but uh as you can see from the from your from your table, there is a plenty of votes. It's actually I think it's a movie with highest number of the votes, yeah, it is. Morgan Freeman, yeah. Darabont. Me neither, me neither. Yeah, but really I would like to highlight that it's a it's a movie with highest number of the votes and the highest ranking at the same time. So. And actually I don't think it's it's it's that popular in Europe at least, because I really you see, none of us have seen it, so. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But if I read your first point in the in this uh trivias, I am just surprised because it says that all the principle actors uh underwent several days of uh cruel army training except for the Man Matt Damon, and the reason was that they wan uh that the that the director wanted that uh the other actors would resent him. Why this was uh wanted actually? Yeah. And they didn't like it, they didn't like the mission? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Yeah, and it okay. Yes. Most of them. So there is actually several people dying because of one single single soldier, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I have no comments, no no, it's Yeah, but I really appreciate your table, because I found this table really useful. It's a very nice summary. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So doing nothing, just uh take it easy in the life, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And the one on the left is his friend? Aha, yeah. But this movie is is supposed to happen in uh what time, I mean it's uh Which ca From the nineties? And he's still uh still uh prepared from or or still as he he would come from the Vietnam. Okay. There i Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And this one is supposed to be the second Lebowski? Or who Okay, okay. But actually I'm I'm little bit missing th some information about our movie club, I think uh there should be some more information. Yeah I like this, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So perhaps we can somehow combine them. I think there is too many colours, too many colours. Nowadays, you know, if you see some advertisements on the s yeah, but nowadays if you see some advertisement on the on the street, this is typical typical uh poster I wouldn't wouldn't look at. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Exactly. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. How is it actually r ranked, because I cannot see it here in your table. I somehow can't find it. Ah, forty eight. Yeah, fifty thousand, mm-mm. Voted, yeah. Mm-hmm. Let's nominate, okay. So I will take basically two extremes, I will take Schindler's List and I will take uh The Big Lebowski. One of the one of them is really just funny and from the nineties, uh I mean the story is from the nineties, while the second one is about the Second War and is uh serious. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, that's Yeah, but then each of us will will uh but then each of us will vote for uh our nominees, so I would propose to to to vote for s sun uh to to give the points to the to the movies that were not nominated by you. So then it's it's more complicated but yeah, okay, let's Mm-hmm, okay. Sixth Sense. 'Kay. Seconds. okay, and I wi I will give one to The Big Lebowski and two to The uh uh Shawshank Redemption. So now try to sum it up. American Beauty. Uh three. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But I would say these images are very nice and they are really representative perhaps. Mm-hmm. I'm Yeah, sure, sorry. Sorry. I was sleepi sleeping for a while. Mm-hmm. It should be from this period, because nineties would be finished. Mm. Two thousand. Mm-hmm. Yeah.. Whatever. First Monday of May, yeah, so it's after the projection, and we will see what are the reactions of the people and so it makes sense that we are yes, yes, yes. And perhaps we will have some new members. Um American Beauty, finally. Okay.