Hi. So I don't know if you all received the the a agenda for this meeting. Do you no? Here it is. So um um the goal for today are um We have two goals. Uh first is to decide a movie for uh the next projection for our movie club. As you know uh so it's for the last Friday of this month of April. As you probably remember, the movie already projected were uh Lawrence of Arabia and Apocalypse Now in February and Amadeus from Milos Forman in March. So um the question that is open is are we going to select a movie from the nineties and which movie. So that's the first goal, decide for a movie to be projected, and second goal is to uh discuss for an ad advertising poster um for our um uh club, because we noticed that n last time not enough people came to the projection. So that's it. Um wh who wants to start to So I guess you all prepared some documents for the mm selection of movie. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I have also uh a piece of paper with uh my favourite movie. Okay, so presentation? Yeah. Okay. A Agnes, we can start with you? Okay, here it is. I passed this one. Which which one was it again? The guy who was controlling? I don't remember, I have seen the movie twice, but uh It's the bald guy, the No, no. Okay. Yeah, it's a bit more commercial that one. first one. Um R_ is what uh in Okay. Restricted. But wait, I I have the top ten from the nineties? No, the top fifty. And it's fourth. Oh, sorry, sorry, yep. Yeah, yeah. From yeah. Yeah, yeah. But but sixteenth in top two hundred fifty, it's what two uh all all days? All time? Okay. But those rating are more like uh it's the number of votes, no? Votes and u Yep. And rating. Yep. Yeah yeah. Yep. Okay, yep. Ah, now I remember. Yep. Actually there is one guy who is the at the police station and they ask him to tell the story. Yeah. Yeah. Both movies are quite similar in some way, because the last sentence is uh totally contradictory to the whole movie. It's uh Yeah, the last sentence from the movie. Yeah. Okay. You have a last slide or no. Okay. Okay. Yeah one hundred f w uh one hundred forty thousand. No, we don't have the plot of the of the movie and uh Okay, but maybe we can wh who has seen this movie? I uh I think I I I've seen it actually, but I have no idea. It it's in uh jail right, it taking yeah. I don't remember well this movie. Yep. Okay. Okay. Okay, so mm Yep, so let's Yeah, I've seen it also. Sixty. S sixty years. Yep. Yep. That's right, yeah. But then it's not representative of the nineties. It's more a movie about the story of uh the horror of the uh endured by the Jewish during the Second World War. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah. Okay, and Steven Steven Spielberg is uh Okay. Okay, The Usual Suspect, do we want to say something again about it, or How come it's coming third on your list? It's forth on Agnes's uh and on my list, but it's okay. Ah you j you selected some movies, no? You didn't take the six first. And me on Tuesday, probably. Okay. Do we have something to add on this movie, or Okay. Yep. Yep. That's why you are in the movie club, to see more movies. Why not? It's quite representative of the nineties, I think. And the structure of the movie is interesting. I I think the the first scene is actually the same scene as the last scene, no? There is a kind of loop in this movie. Yep. Yeah yeah. I agree also. Yeah. You've you've seen it? Okay. And the soundtrack is uh is gorgeous also. No, you don't the soundtrack. No. Yeah, yeah. W w we vote at the end, or you want to Okay. No. Ah it's Scorsese's It's uh yeah, again a movie about uh on mafia, no? With uh Robert de Niro, and who are the o two other guys? I cannot Ah Joe Pesci, yeah. On the r on the right, you mean? Yeah. It's the exact same actors who played in um another mafia movie that I cannot rememb Les Affranchis, it was the name in French. No? About uh mafia uh it that's why I tha that's why I didn't go to see this one, it's quite i it seems to me they're all about the same subject and the same I don't know. Probably. Yeah. Okay, n nobody's seen it, so. Okay. So it's about a psychopathic killer. And what was it again, the plot? I mea the He he's in jail and he's still killing? Ah, okay, yeah, yeah. Yep. Who's playing the ps psychopath again? I don't Yeah. Okay, yeah. Okay. No, I've seen it actually twice, I think. That's it's it's probably begin Ninety one. Yep. Okay, American Beauty w w was coming next, seven, was quite quite nice actually. Ah, it's actually there. Why you choose you choose seven movie? Okay. Yeah, it's definitely about American life. It's it's kind of crude the critique, but uh on the other way it's quite poetic, it's uh yeah. Yeah, you know, with the the way of filming and um I don't know, I found it pretty No, it's q it's quite in interesting. So yeah. Well, it depends. Ah no, it's it's not violent at all, but more it's more the cr the cr the critique that is quite crude, because all the people in this movie are are uh psychopath in their own way. But they are normal people then. Yeah. Actually, there is this it's uh uh what, a fifty years old man that quit his job and fall in love with um the best friend of his daughter. Yeah, it's it's good movie. Okay. You have seen it, Mirek? I think we w want them to to see movies that they won't see oth otherwise, but I'm not sure then it's quite popular the movie we selected, so. If they are in the top fifty, they are quite mainstream, but uh Uh I think there is the There are Chinese movies, English movies. It's it's quite a lot for Kieslowski actually. I was surprised to s yeah yeah. And Festen also is uh is quite high. Uh I I don't know if you've seen this one. It's The Celebration I think. It's uh uh movie from a Swedish guy. Danish? Dogma movies, yeah. Lars von Trier. Yeah. Okay, can we discuss about your document, maybe? Yep. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sure. Yep. Yeah. It's quite horrible actually. Yeah. Mirek, you didn't see it? Yeah. But it's it's a piece of art because he used something like one hundred camera to film that, or Yep. Yeah it's quite s yeah. Yeah, it is. There is two there are two versions I think, and but w but we yeah, we projected the longer one, so. How many times uh Spielberg received the best uh director Oscar? Not for the Schin Schindler's List or for for E_T_? He won f he won the mm No, he won f for E_T_, he won the mm Cannes, uh what is uh Palme d'Or. Yeah. That was very interesting to read, yeah. But then they uh I read that they they w where was it? Th they turned back to yeah. And then then there is this uh there is an hero, I mean it's uh or a non-hero, and in all the other stu stories, the in the previous movies there were an he an hero, Lawrence of Arabia, uh Amadeus. Apocalypse Now, it's also non-hero I think, but uh but here I don't remember it's actually the Tom Hanks the hero, or it's He's Private Ryan, Tom Hanks? No he's not. He's trying to find him. Yeah, yeah. Okay. At the end, to tell you the truth, I didn't like so much the movie because it was quite moralistic, because there were a guy who was who didn't kill German because he was quite non-violent. And because he didn't kill this German, the German killed, I don't know, uh maybe um Yep. And it was like, if he had killed the mm Because he e yeah. Yeah. I have. Yeah. Yeah, we're running um But it was in English, no? Yep, so I have uh a quite different movie to propose you. I don't know uh it's f called The Big Lebowski from um uh Joel Coen. Actually they are brothers, you probably know them. I don't know how many of you have seen this movie. No? Yeah, they made uh Fargo, which is in the list. And uh uh Cr uh Cruel Intentions, or something like that I think, or Okay so, I don't know how I'm going to sell you this movie, because actually the plot is impossible to make, because it's um actually it's inspired from a movie called The Big Sleep and um Uh it's actually the t where I've seen that? In a it's uh a movie from Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep. It's uh Ah okay. Yeah yeah yeah. So it's it's uh it's a novel, okay. But uh then the story goes that while that film was in production and director, okay, okay you're right, it was a book. Okay, so it's about a a g a guy who called the D the Dude, I don't know you pronounce it, and uh he's actually uh smoking pot and doing nothing, just um he's living in L_A_. It's uh it's a typical typical fellow from the from the suburb, and he has some friends, uh typical friends, one one is uh an old guy from coming back from Vietnam, obsessed by Vietnam, um another guy who is never speaking, and they all play together uh bowling. And um the casting is very interesting, there is um okay, actually I wanted to propose you some posters related to this movie. Uh maybe it w maybe it's going to open the discussion on on posters as well. So actually here you on this the first poster you can see the actors from the movie, I don't know if you know some of them, so Jeff Bridges at the top, uh Goodman is the second one, the b the big guy. Then Turturro, and uh uh the last one is Buscemi, and I don't remember the name of the girl. Yeah, Julianne Moore. Uh I I took it from I don't know where. So uh Actu Actually I'm not going to sp to describe much more The Big Lebowski, but uh it's quite hard to describe, it's uh it's it's a journey about this guy, but it's it's a movie, quite surrealistic, I mean there are some part that are like coming from dreams and uh Yeah, it's his family name and uh actually Jeffrey Lebowski and he's he's the there is a a story with another Lebowski that yeah. And uh I I I don't remember, maybe it's just uh uh because of The Big Sleep there is uh I don't know, a reference. So it's a kind of it's like American Beauty in some way, it's even worse. We see worse people. So it's kind of uh an ethnographic movie I would say, but uh and it's a modern hero, it's it's quite fun. And the casting is is marvellous, so that is that's it for this movie. And um I just wanted to go to the design of the poster actually. Because Yeah. Yep. The idea is is also to discuss the content. Shall we put a summary of the movie or the plot, and w what kind of information do we want? So that's the first poster. There is alo um this poster, quite dark also. Uh so y y I don't know if you you cannot really see, but uh mm there is the the pricing information. So we said that one movie is eight Francs and three movies eighteen Francs. And we can have annual subscrip subscription of sixty Francs. Uh I wanted to say some information to involve people on in the committee as well, if they want to take part to the committee to select movies. And uh what else? S some Yeah, actually the idea was to s yeah, there is at the bottom the a scene from one of these dream of The Big Lebowski. And uh the the first part is actually y you see a cowboy and the the hero, the Jeffrey Lebowski, the Dude. And the cowboy, it's actually at the beginning of the movie, the c the cowboy introduce the story, and he's coming back at the end of the story, and he's e explaining what kind of movie uh you are going to to see. And last posters So same principle, but I w I don't know, I w I was thinking of adding some some um cita quotations of uh well known directors. And uh Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, I see. And yeah. Okay, I see what I wanted is more or less to know the content of the movie, uh what y you want to have on the poster. Because we di we Okay, on that one. Okay. Okay, great. So I think now we have to decide for a movie. And um Yep. So Yep. I th I would nominate uh American Beauty as well. And um and I would be okay with Saving Private Ryan, it's it's it can Or we can eliminate first one one movie each, and then we s and then we select. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's a bit cruel, but uh that's I think a good way. Me, I would remove Silence of the Lambs because I think it's too violent. And you have a reason for it or Okay. Maybe you can eliminate another one, you can no? W Agnes, you v O Okay, now I have the if we want okay, if we want to take a okay. Okay, so I'll go with The Big Lebowski, since the posters are already ready. Yeah, I think. Okay. So we have other anyway. So can we decide for uh a next meeting maybe? Okay. Okay, o or we'll decide after the projection of the movie the date. It's okay. Okay okay. You're welcome. Okay. Thank you. And uh see you at the projection? No, twenty ninth. Okay.