Hello. Yeah. Yep. Um I've got a PowerPoint presentation. Sure. It's not very long in any case. Yep. Yeah. Okay, so what I was thinking is basically the previous movies that we had, which you've already mentioned in the agenda d um Lawrence of Arabia, Apocalypse Now and Amadeus, were fairly historical, serious, dramatic, and also action-ey movies except for maybe Amadeus. Um this month I was thinking of selecting something that's more in the present time, still dramatic but slightly less serious. And what I'd propose is something of a thriller or mystery. And I know that a lot of people find mystery is not really mysterious in the movies these days, they kind of can predict what's gonna happen, um but in the nineties there were some movies that did have surprise endings and that people came out saying okay, didn't see that coming, so I thought we could maybe show one of those. And even if people have already seen the movie, a lot of the times you go back and watch the movie again, and you pick up on things that you didn't really notice the first time around, or you see where the clues were and mm what led up to the end, so that's more along the lines of what I was thinking. And the two in particular that I would propose are, next slide please, The Usual Suspects and The Sixth Sense. Um I don't know if you've seen any of them. Uh The Usual Suspects was directed by Bryan Singer and written by Christopher McQuarrie. It has a fairly large cast, so I'm not gonna read all of them, but the main characters are Kevin Spacey and Gabriel Byrne. And it's basically about five criminals who get set up. Um they're arrested, they're released from prison and the get together um and plan a crime, and basically the story is told through the views of one of the suspects. Um the tag line is kind of neat, five criminals, one lineup, no coincidence and you get told the story um as uh that these f characters are being controlled um by one sort of uber-villain, and in the end you find who the uber-villain was. And I kind of like the the quote from Rolling Stone magazine, The Usual Suspects is the freshest, funniest Well they ha have you guys seen the movie? So I'm not gonna give away you want me to give away the movie? That'll spoil it. I'll tell you later. But the the quote from Rolling Stone is fairly accurate, I think. It's one of the freshest, funniest and scariest crime thrillers to come along since Pulp Fiction. And the other movie is The Sixth Sense with the famous line I see dead people, which the little boy says. Um it was written and directed by M_ Night uh Shyamalan and stars Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment and Toni Collette and again has a neat twist that you find out right at the end. Yeah. yeah, The Sixth Sense was very commercial, but anyways It's the poster for The Sixth Sense, but unfortunately I couldn't find a clear, big enough one. Yeah. Yeah, I th I think it's only part of a full yeah, it goes th the all of the se all of the senses. Um if you go to the next slide there's slightly more detailed things about the movies. So The Usual Suspects is a hundred and five minutes long, so it's a decent length of time. It has an R_ rating, so I don't remember what type of audience we had at the last uh shows, but it may not necessarily be suitable for kids. R_ is sort of if you're eighteen and under, you have to have an adult with you. It's mostly for violence, yeah, it's restricted. Um it got an eight point seven out of ten on the Internet Movie Database. It's the sixteenth in the top f two hundred and fifty movies and fourth in the top movies of the nineties. It won um a couple of Academy Awards, notably for best writing, um so that's for the script um and best actor for Kevin Spacey. Mm-hmm. Yeah, fourth in the top movies of the nineties. Sixteenth in the top two hundred and fifty I think, of all time. Yeah. So it won lots of awards um, it won best film from the British um British Film Association, or the British equivalent of the Academy Awards. Um it was nominated for best foreign film for the Cesar. Plenty of awards, yeah. I think of all time, yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, it's ratings by viewers and Yeah, like Memories Yeah, and Forty Four as well, which has seven hundred and forty something votes. Yeah so Yeah um Yeah. No it's a good movie, I I highly recommend it, and I wouldn't mind seeing it again, because I do know the ending and I haven't been able to watch it again to see where the hints were that were scattered across the movie, 'cause apparently there are hints as to who it is. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. and he's the one telling the story, yeah. There's him and the the guy in the burn unit. The second movie is The Sixth Sense. Again, it's fairly short. It has an easier rating, it's P_G_ thirteen, um it's much less violent. It got an eight point one out of ten, it's a hundred and first in the top two hundred and fifty and it's nineteenth on your list I think, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, it's nineteenth. Um got a fair number of votes, too, ninety six thousand. Um again, it was nominated for a lot of different Academy Awards, um it didn't win any, but it got a lot of buzz and a lot of people liked it, so. Those are my two selections, and as you can see, the plot is a boy who communicates with spirits that don't know when they're dead, seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist to figure out why he's seeing what he's seeing and what it means. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's only right right at the end where you find out really what's going on and it makes you rethink everything that happened beforehand. So those would be my two suggestions and y they ar they are slightly more commercial, or at leas The Sixth Sense is, than the other ones we've seen, but Yeah. Yeah, they were they were nominated for a lot of different awards, they didn't win. But I guess the comp I can't remember what the competition was that year, but And they were nominated for a lot of them, and um Yeah. So I think that's it, unless you have any questions. Yeah, that's it. You sent your slides around, right? Yeah. No I haven't. I've heard a lot of good things about it, I've heard it's a really powerful movie, but I haven't seen it. Yeah, it's set in a jail. Yeah. Me. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's a fairly emotional movie though. That's one thing to keep in mind is that it's Yeah, but Amadeus isn't really representative of the eighties either. Yeah, and according to your thing it's nineteen eighty four, so. No. It is a good movie, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But it gets updated daily. Yeah. Mm. No. Wait, how many of us saw Schindler's List? Three of us? Did you see it? I'm just trying to keep track of how many of us have seen You have? You have. You haven't. I can't remember. I think also it's old enough that even if people saw it the first time around, they don't necessarily remember everything that happened, 'cause I remember seeing it when it came out, but I don't particularly remember So we've all seen it. Is what? I haven't I don't remember the soundtrack. Yeah, I mean if there's something that none of us like, we can just eliminate it, but we might as well leave everything 'till the end. No. Yeah. Yeah, it's a gangster movie. Ray Liotta and Joe Pesci I think, maybe? I think yeah, on the right, and the guy on the left is Ray Liotta. I recognise them. I'm a movie buff, I know way too much about movies and actors and everything. What was it about? Very descriptive. No. A little bit? Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So the other killer is Hannibal Lecter, who Yeah, he's in jail and he's real no, h He tries to help the F_B_I_ agent, but he plays head games with the F_B_I_ agent at the same time. And so With her? He manages to freak her out. So. Hannibal Lecter is a very The Moth. Which, the one who's in jail or the one who Anthony Hopkins. I don't either. Yeah, he's scary in that movie. Yeah, I vaguely remember what it is, but How many of us have seen it? I'm guessing you haven't seen it or h okay. So have we all seen it? Okay, so we've all seen it. I can't either, 'cause I saw it right when it came out. It came out when ninety one, yeah. So. Yeah, me too. And at that age I was like mm. Yeah. That was very good, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Suburban life. There's a lot of very true things in it. Yeah. Yeah. It's much less dark than the other movies we have on that list. It's not well it's dark but no. No. But not like violent cutting people to pieces psychopaths they're just everyone has their own issues and No. Well With hi his daughter, his like teenage daughter. So that's the best friend, and he fantasises about her and Mm-hmm. See I don't know what was mainstream in Europe, like all of these movies are very mainstream for me. But It has other movies, but I think it's predominantly No, there's movies from everywhere, but Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, I've never even heard of it. Oh okay. Thank you. Mm-hmm. It's v very very violent. The landing, yeah. Yeah. This is not a movie for kids, like Yeah. yeah. Yeah, the redux version is longer. Yeah. I think just once for this. Oh maybe he did. No, for E_T_ he didn't. It wasn't until he started doing things like Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan that he actually started winning awards for them. Did he? Oh okay, yeah. I didn't know that. They re-enhanced the colour, yeah. That it was their T_V_s and not Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, about two thirds of the way through the movie, 'cause most of the movie is them find trying to find him on the front, right? No, no. Yeah, he's trying to find him. Private Ryan was Matt Damon I think, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is it him at the begin it's him at the beginning of the movie at the at the the graveyard, right? Yeah, with his family. Yeah. I have. I don't think so. No, it was an Italian. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No. Mm-hmm. Mm it's Julianne Moore, isn't it? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I quite like that. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Looks like a C_D_ cover. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh okay. I actually don't like it. It looks like two yeah. It's it looks like two separate posters. Although I think you can mix I would keep the format of the first one, add the quotes and the content information from the second one. So take those take those quotes, get rid of that section of text, put those quotes in there, put the the information you had in the second poster about the movie club, how to join, kind of in the middle and keep this title and everything just slightly higher up. I think it does. I think the contrast between the the the strip of film and or the strip of pictures and everything else is Yeah. Yeah, so take all of that content throw it up into the first one, and then maybe add the quotes that you had from the from the famous directors sort of at the bottom or something. Yeah. Usual Suspects. Mainly because only two of us have seen it and it's not a mainstream movie, so I don't think a lot of people would have seen it to begin with. Mm-hmm. So you reduced that by what, two? American Beauty and Wait I'm missing one. What am I missing, Pulp Fiction? Was that one of them? Okay. I have seven. Okay. Pulp Fiction. I'm not a huge fan of Quentin Tarantino. And it didn't make a good impression. Really eliminate Pulp Fiction. It's gone. We're all gonna vote for something different. I I still like The Usual Suspects, but I like American Beauty too. So. Usual Suspects. You have the deciding vote. Yeah. That's fine. It'll make a good change from the other ones. If you don't like it it's your problem. Yeah. Yeah. Ascension. Mm 'kay. Okay. Ninth, ninth? Yeah, twenty ninth.