Are you gonna take the minutes? Good. Hello. Um I don't, do you have an extra copy? Thanks. Okay. Mm-hmm. Sure. Okay, so the previous movies that we've done this year were Lawrence of Arabia, Apop Apocalypse Now and Amadeus, which were all historical, serious, dramatic and somewhat actiony movies. So for this month I propose doing something different, preferably something set in the present, um something maybe dramatic but slightly less serious. So what I'd propose is actually a thriller or a mystery. And while these days people are so jaded by general movies that they tend not to be surprised by the endings in mysteries, some movies in the nineties did actually have twists that people came out saying, never saw that coming, I didn't know that that was gonna happen. And so what I'm gonna do is present you two of those movies, and before anyone says that, well, if you know th how the movie ends, you're not gonna wanna see it again, that's not necessarily the case, because a lot of people like to re-watch movies um to see where the clues were, what they missed, things they didn't pay attention to the first time around. Um so if you can go to the next slide. What I'd propose is either The Usual Suspects or The Sixth Sense. Um The Usual Suspects is slightly less mainstream. Um is has a fairly large cast, notably Kevin Spacey, Gabriel Byrne, um and it was directed by Bryan Singer, it's one of his earlier movies I think. It was written by Quist Christopher McQuarrie. Um and according to Rolling Stone it's the freshest, funniest and scariest crime thril thriller to come along since Pulp Fiction. Uh The Sixth Sense on the other hand is a more commercial movie with its famous line, I see dead people. Um it was written and directed by M_ Night uh Shyamalan and stars Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment and Toni Collette, and it's about a little boy who sees dead people and i he sees a child psychologist to try to get him to understand why he sees the dead people, what it means. Now that you've given away the twist, yes. Um Yeah. Send your complaints to Rolling Stone. So on the next couple of slides I'll just go through some of um more detailed stuff that we might need for administrative purposes. Um the length for The Usual Suspects um is a hundred and five minutes. Uh as you can s well, as Andrei already said, it's n nineteen ninety five. It has an R_ rating, which means that at least in the in North America it was not recommended for people under eighteen, 'cause it's fairly violent, but not so violent as other movies. Um plot outline uh five villains in New York are rounded up by the police in an unconventional manner that worries them. After release they get together for a spot of revenge, but someone else is controlling events. And the big mystery of the movie is who's controlling the events. Um it got an eight point seven out of ten user rating on the Internet Movie Database, it's sixteenth in the top two hundred and fifty movies of all time, forth in Denis's list of the top movies of the nineteen nineties, which I think was also taken from I_M_D_B_. Um it won several Academy Awards, including best supporting actor and best writing, um best film for the British equivalent of the Academy Awards, it was nominated for a Cesar for best foreign film. So it got a fair bit of recognition despite not being um a very mainstream, high budget movie, or maybe because it wasn't a mainstream, high budget movie. I don't think a lot of people have seen it, in fact, other than you haven't seen it, you haven't seen it, you've seen it. And don't think a lot of people have seen it, it's not a very very well known movie. What? Is it? See? Really? That surprises me, I always got the impression that it was Yeah. Well, it's a good movie. Yeah. Yeah. So but I think the main thing is it's got a good twist at the end and it's it's an interesting movie to watch. Um so if you go to the next slide. More or less the same thing for The Sixth Sense. It's slightly newer, nineteen ninety nine, more or less the same amount of time. It has a lower rating, 'cause it's less violent, but it depends what audience we are gonna have at the showings. It has it's scary and I think it has some sort of slight violence, but. Yeah, but they're not violently dead. It's it's morbid and it's creepy, but it's not violent as in people being sliced in half or anything like that. Um um it's nineteenth in the top movies of the nineties, hundred first in the top two hundred fifty, it was nominated for a lot of awards, it didn't win as many. Might have won more sort of minor awards, but at least the Academy Awards, it was nominated for five of them, um but didn't win. Nevertheless still a good movie, still a good twist at the end, which Denis already gave away. Good. Um so those would be my two choices. Let it's a sort of different style from the other movies we've seen, and they have a twist, so it's not your general movie where you just kind of sit through it and go, oh okay, get up and leave. It's at least out of those two movies I came out thinking, oh cool, okay. Yeah, but I mean that's a good thing, right? Yes. Yeah. Which is a good marketing ploy, if you think about it. Yeah, Bruce Willis is and the kid is really good, who plays the the main character. Yeah, yeah. Same guy. No. I've heard a lot of really good things about it, but Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think it's about three hours long, something like that. And it's a heavy movie, I it's emotional, it's I think it did. Either for director if not for best picture. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I've seen it. Yeah, yeah, that was his comeback movie, yeah. Yeah. It's Uma Thurman, yeah. Uh maybe 'cause I_M_D_B_ is updated daily, so if it happens that people had voted for it Mm-hmm. Have you? But it is this movie. Ah okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. No, it's later than that, isn't it? Yeah. I don't know, but it was a good performance, creepy. Yeah. I think so, yeah. When did it come out? Yeah. As are we all. Yeah, me too. I don't think I've seen it since then. Ah. No, on the seco uh second one. Yeah. It wasn't that good, but I think it was almost more disgusting in a way There were some scenes in it where normally I don't get queasy watching movies, but that was just too much. It might be a little bit too violent for I dunno. Yeah. That's a good movie. Yeah, it's Kevin Spacey. Quite possibly, yeah. Yeah. Theoretically, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Morgan Freeman. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well let's go through the other suggestions. I do. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Up close. Yeah. It's very different, I don't think you can compare them. Also sets the mood a little bit. Darker and Yeah, but you'd get a different impression if you had bright blue sky and bright sunshine behind it. Mm-hmm. Yeah, he's private Ryan. Well They're being sent to the front behind enemy lines to retrieve one soldier only because all of his other brothers died. Most of them get killed, don't they? Yeah. Yeah. Mm-mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I tried to. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Or is that the other Lebowski? Oh, okay. Buscemi, yeah. Really? Mm-hmm, yeah. I think it looks too much like a C_D_ cover, though. I like the layout of the first one and the content of this one. It looks like two different posters though. It's hard to read. The paragraph I think was a little bit long. I would and content of the second one. Yeah. Yeah, like what you have there. And then maybe replace the paragraph that you had on the first poster with either shorter sort of descriptions, not even of the whole plot, but just descriptions of the movie or 'cause I think that paragraph is too long, people don't r generally just stand there and then read the whole thing. Mm-hmm. It's here, forty eight. I hope more people have seen it. Mm-hmm. Um I'd go for Sixth Sense, just because it's different from all the other ones and maybe Shawshank Redemption, just because we haven't seen it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay, um Okay. Okay, um So I'll I'll give two to American Beauty and mm one to The Big Lebowski. Okay, so it's pretty clear. American Beauty. Well you can keep the format, I mean th you didn't have that many graphics in the first one. Yeah. Okay. Yes, but of the wrong movie. That's the real twist. No, she's not. No, it's who is it? Annette Bening, who's the m the main character, the well, the main female character, the mother. When do you want these images by? Just quickly. Day after tomorrow? Two thousands. Third isn't it? Monday May third? We can ask people casually, sort of what genre of movie they want, or Start again. Or go back to the fifties. Okay. American Beauty.