Hello. No, I haven't. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Okay, I have a PowerPoint presentation and uh it's about there are some reviews of the of the I think like seven movies. No, I haven't. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. Nineties, yeah. So plenty of awards we we could say. Of all the movies, yeah yeah. It's still good, actually. By the users. So it's definitely just the average of the rating and okay th the number of the votes is there just for the information, so that you know how how reliable yeah. Yes. Mm Okay. Okay, then you yeah. Then yes, yes, yes, yes, sure. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. And what is the second movie? Yeah, Sixth Sen Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, now you can go to to my slides, but actually what I pre what I have prepared is just a kind of a review of fo uh se six or seven movies, if you ca can go to the second slide. Yes, basically seven movies, and it's uh it's uh uh top movies uh based on the uh on the ra ranking and a and awards awards. Um you see the the names of the movies on the on the on the wall. So um we can perhaps go through all of them and we can little bit discuss, so I I I have n I didn't see all of them actually, so it's just we should probably select one of these, because I think uh these are really good movies and uh, okay, we will see. So if you can go through uh okay, so this is the first movie and uh it's it's m it's more like a drama. Uh it's uh it's uh very uh high ranked and actually you have a a nicer list, because uh we can even see the number of the votes. So what is the number of the people? Finally I found actually your table much better than my than my presentation, because perhaps here we can we can really see I mean What is the ranking? We ha didn't have the plot, yeah. Yeah, who has seen this movie? Because then perhaps someone can give some some comment. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's this one. It's the one that is on the on the wall. It's projected, yeah. So I ge okay, so no one of us saw this movie, so in that case perhaps it's it's little bit danger to select that movie for the for the s play, so uh Schindler's List, who saw this? I saw it, and I think this on is re um this one is really nice, it's uh, you know, all a all of you knows the the story, so. Uh it's quite hi it's quite high ranked, so I think uh it's not a bad movie, I'm uh thinking whether there was some good occasion, uh something what has happened recently. There was something like a celebration of the fifty years after the war or something recently, no? No, that's Sixty, yeah. S it can't be fifty, sure. Yeah, so. Mm-hmm. That's true. Yes. Yes yes yes. Um but even here I wouldn't uh uh say that the that th this style is representative of the nineties, right, so. Um okay, but uh anyway, I think it's it's really a good movie, I like it when I saw it and uh okay. It's one of the candidates, I defini yeah, Steven Spielberg is really quite a good so I director, so I I would say we we could think about it. So I would keep it as a candidate, at least. That's the second one. Um no. I think we can just skip this slide. Uh yeah. It's That's strange, what is the rating? Perhaps it has changed. It's higher. It gets updated. Yes, yes, and I did it I did it on Wednesday. Yes. Mm-hmm. So it probably has changed, so um it becomes more popular, no po uh yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh Schindler's List. I saw it, I saw it. Mm-hmm. Okay, Pulp Fiction. Uh I think it's again quite uh hi high ranked uh, but from my perspective, everyone already saw it. Who was interested in that movie, he saw it. Wh who is not interested in that movie, he he didn't see it and he uh wouldn't uh like to see it in the in our movie club. So I think we should uh we should just leave skip it out and leave it out. I I wouldn't think about this as a candidate, even if it's a good movie, but I don't know, I think it's Yes, yes, there was ple I I think there was a plenty of loops actually, plenty of. I fully agree that you can see this movie three times perhaps, three times and for the fourth time see you still discover something new, but uh on the other hand, I have the impression it's really it's uh, you know, every everyone saw it, it's it's quite well known, uh it woul it wou I Yeah. Me neither. Mm. So what do you think? I I wouldn't think about this as a candidate, because it seems to me it's Mm-hmm. Vote, that's the best, yeah, yeah. When going through we c we could just eliminate. Okay, so we are not gonna eliminate this one. Uh Goodfellas, I didn't see it. No. But you can read the comment from the users, uh that's the that's the last uh bullet point, and it says uh simply a masterpiece uh, and it's uh Scorsese's last really great movie to date. Mafia, yes. I can't recognise them from the picture. The picture is not very good quality. And it's a movie from nineties? The one that you saw, that you mentioned? Yeah. No. Silence of the Lambs uh should I tell something more? Godfather of all thrillers, that's what it what it says on the what some uh user says. Uh so, okay, it's a little bit horror, so I think it's quite it's uh it's uh It's definitely not for kids, uh but uh if the kids are not visitors of our cinema, why not? It One have to rethink when when when you are watching this movie, you have to think and it's uh scaring. Uh why not? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. So the F_B_I_ agent is assigned to to help uh find a a missing woman and uh save her f uh her from a psychopathic killer with the help of another killer. Yeah. He's in prison, yes. He's a really psychotic man. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Anthony No. But he plays it really good. Anthony Hop Hopkins he really plays it very good, very good, yeah. So I've I've see I've seen it, but I can't really remember exactly the all the details. Uh. It's a long time ago, it's from ninety one? Ninety one, yeah. So and I saw it when I was like twelve or thirteen. So perhaps it would be Yeah. Could you go to the next slide? Yeah, it's here, and that's actually my last slide. So um I don't know, because it nicely f I I was thinking perhaps we are not able to go through more of them. Uh So American Beauty, so I can perhaps read a little bit the user comment if you want, or uh yeah, you can read the plot outline on the on the on the projector, but it's basically deep, wonderful and penetrating movie, extraordinary uh irony and the p and the psychological drama about American life. Poetic? Okay, the way of filming perhaps, but uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And it's my last slide. So uh yes, yes, yes. And I think, okay, why not. It seems to me that perhaps that Schindler okay, definitely Schindler Schindler's List is perhaps more serious topic for sure, but um well it depends, it depends what we want. Do we want that people are more like uh relaxed in our in our cinema, or are more interested in some particular things? Um what do you think, I mean what should we how we should uh What should be the influence, how we are influencing the people in the cinema? Um What do we want? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Maybe can I ask you for the for the list of movies? This one. And the Denis, Denis, could you give me the the list of the to uh top fifty? Yeah. But you have your own copy then? okay, good, thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's the I I I saw it and I d I'm trying to remember the beginning, that's the Normandy landing? Okay, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, that was really horrible. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. No, not at all. Mm-hmm. Because people start to complain that uh that w there was a problem with a T_V_ when they were broadcasting the movie on the T_V_. Uh That's an interesting point, interesting point. Yeah, but in the end you can ref yes. No. Mm-hmm. By the way, did he fied dinally uh f fi died finally or not? Uh the Private Ryan, yeah. Th they I remember I remember they found him, but ah okay, yes yes yes. Because I remember Mm-hmm. Because I remember that th in the end of the movie they are trying to defend some bridge or something and there's quite heavy shooting and uh finally it's actually John Miller who die. Okay okay. It's not the Private Ryan Mm-hmm. Perhaps it was a g uh this uh Tom Hanks, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. If he would kill him, he wouldn't die. Wow. Tom Hanks wouldn't die. I've seen it. I've seen it. Out of time? Mm-hmm. What is the movie about, the La Vita e Bella? Ah-ha. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh uh-huh. How it end up, what is the what is the ending of the movie? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's actually the third movie about the Second War. Schindler's List, a P uh Saving Private Ryan and La Vita e Bella. Mm-hmm. Just partially I think. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Why the movie is called The Big Lebowski? Why The Big uh Lebowski is his uh family name, right, but why it's called The Big Okay. And why The Big Lebowski? It's the it's the second one or Uh-huh. Ah okay, okay. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think this is not bad, because they say something little bit about our uh movie club and uh, yeah, The Big Lebowski it's clear that it's a movie and uh I guess the people can remember that it was a movie at least, even if they haven't see it. CD cover. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but I on the contrary I would say there is too many colours and uh it's difficult to read and uh Yeah, that would be the best. Yeah, all this information and put into the first one. Mm-hmm. If if they fit there if they fit there, you will see. Mm-hmm. So Big Lebowski. Mm-hmm. Okay, good idea. So I'm really convinced by The Big Lebowski. I yes, yeah, I I would like to uh, yeah, at least to have it uh in the in the nominees, exactly and uh I'm trying to remember all of them. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And then I'm still hesitating between the Schindler's List and the S uh Silence of the Lambs. May I nominate uh these all these three movies, Big Lebowski, Schindler's List and the Silence of the Lambs? Mm-hmm. So eliminate first eliminate first? Mm-hmm. I'm sorry, could you go t uh uh uh once again through uh the list of the movies, because I don't or i is it possible to put them on the on the on the uh whiteboard? Okay, okay, so the Schindler's list, The Usual Suspects, uh Silence of the Lambs, uh Big Lebowski, okay. Saving Private Ryan. One, two. Pulp Fiction, okay. I have six I have six. How many? Okay, we American Beauty. Okay. Yeah, and I would eliminate Yeah. And I would eliminate Pulp Fiction actually as well if so Another one. Because it because it would be Saving Private Ryan. Mm. I vote for Big Lebowski. Make a decision. Already ready yeah. So So it's gonna to be Big Lebowski? Okay. No no no no no, I I like it, I like it. Okay, beginning of May, but there are there is plenty of holidays at the beginning of May, no? Ascension? Mm-hmm. Okay, okay, no problem. Good. Twenty nine. Really looking forward. I want to see it.