Um, so hi everyone. Thanks for coming to this meeting. Um well as you all know the topic of this morning's meeting is uh the fact that we're moving and we are going to get more space. So that's a very good piece of news. Uh but we also have to find out how we use this space. So um if you want, I'll just give a brief overview of what's happening and then we can uh talk about, well, arranging these new uh the new office space. So um in case you haven't seen the the documents uh let me just uh show you very briefly the the configuration of the the space. So um well, there is nothing much to say. Well you know how many of us are are present and you know that we are um a bit tight actually in our present location. Uh that's why actually the university finally um allocated us this uh this part of uh the Unimail building. So it's at the sixth floor. And it's uh sort of contiguous rooms as you you can all see from uh from here. Um so the the the one P_, two P_, three P_ means the the number of persons. As you can see we have several corridor um with a number of uh of uh of rooms, of one person rooms, two person room and and three person rooms. Um actually I think Agnes did this nice drawing so she even put the the view, so we have the old town on one side, and the mountains on the other two sides. Uh we have some bathrooms for us. Uh and a courtyard which actually means a sort of uh shaft, because uh the court is uh down at uh the first floor. Well, it's a bit difficult to say, because um in fact we have some constraints in terms of furniture. Uh they are here. So um well, your your person Your your question actually is answered maybe by the third item. So each person should get um, well, it's a sort of desk, it's made of two pieces and it looks like a corner. With, of course, a chair. Uh a filing cabinet that goes under the desk uh and, well, we can put hanging shelves over the the desks. So I'm not really sure it's possible to get three um three desks in a two person office. But um we could try. What's What should be said here, I don't know if, well, you I I will maybe distribute now documents if you don't have them. Maybe it's easier. Do you need something, Martin? Um, I can keep this for you. Uh so it's it's Yeah, you have a copy, Susan. You too David, I think. So in fact there are more places than people, so we won't be that constrained. Uh as you know some of us and some of you here actually, Martin and David are part-time. So it it's for the moment quite comfortable. Normally we should even get an extra uh an extra place for, you know, temporary people coming to work on uh on projects. Uh yeah, I uh yeah, I counted so we have um fifteen pers physical persons and about uh sixteen, I think, uh persons oh, actually, eighteen persons in the offices. Exactly, it so one of the issues uh here, it's probably not on the slides, is that we would like to have uh, unlike what had until now, a lounge or reading room uh in one of the the offices. So in one of the rooms. Um, I think quite a lot of people e expressed the need for that. So if we could do it, then I think it would be much nicer. Um let me also uh st say something Yep. Yeah, I I think so. Mm-hmm. Well, sixteen slots for fifteen people. So it's still should be feasible. That's Yeah, I think that's quite important to manage some space. Maybe we can think of, yeah, some two or three, yeah, for visiting people. Correct. Mm-hmm. Okay, so let me finish with the the constraints which are almost done. So we also need to to find the a spot for the photocopier, the fax machine, and the printer. The fax, you know, is very small, but um the photocopier is quite huge, and the printer is uh well ab this size. Um okay, the offices comes with white boards. Not very uh very important. Uh the furniture that w each each person has and uh you have a list of people. So the thing uh you you ought to know is that we're not the only ones that w we're thin that that are thinking about uh for well, about putting people i in these rooms. Um there is another group that is also having discussions. So the idea is that today we'll just try to f start seeing the main constraints and then you have time to to go and think about it uh ask the people you know, your assistants, for instance, and at the next meeting we'll try to to come with one solution. Uh, the other group will also propose a solution and then there will be another negotiation. So w Uh if i if we don't get these? Um, well basically they are promised to us so uh Do do you think there are chances that they take from us one of the rooms or uh Yeah, I I I think it's uh Uh, yeah. Yeah i yeah, that's one of the the problems. I think maybe we should take this into account and maybe think of some of the bigger rooms with four people, one being temporary or or part-time. Um okay, so maybe we could try to to see now what would be the main options. Say the general uh, well, arrangement options. Do you think that we should put people, say, according to projects for instance? In in the table that um that we have, uh we also have the uh uh the p the main projects on which the people are working. So how Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh, actually what is fixed is the n the number of rooms. This we cannot really change. I mean at least not us, it would be much more difficult to get another another room for instance. But what is absolutely n not fixed is the arrangement of the people in the rooms. So basically we are all the permutations are possible at the moment. Um Well, what we are looking for is a solution that suits everyone and that makes the maximum of people happy. So uh the other group is, uh I don't think we have to see them as competitors, but they are just trying to to find another local optimum. Or l uh Uh Yeah. Yeah uh uh we Yeah. I I think that's Yeah, there is no real competition between the two, but we'll just try to find at least two solutions and see how how close they are, actually. It's it's I think well the m the people who who decided this thought it was the best solution to, mm well, you know, find two two kinds of opinions. Yeah. Well, we could have been eight h sitting around here and and talking, but I think it's it's more difficult. Mm-hmm. Well Exactly, I think So so today the goal is not to to find the solution today, but to set some constraints and then go and see the people and find out if they have any preferences. Obviously we won't be able to accommodate all the the preferences, but at least we'll find the most uh the most important ones. P s I think Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think so that's one of the things I think we know that they have students, we don't know exactly if they prefer for instance to be alone, or to well, to be with their assistant, or even with another person working on the project. So that would have been maybe, yeah, another solution is to ask everyone to provide uh an arrangement, but uh I think that's a bit uh a bit hard then to to work out. Um so since all of you have a copy of the uh, well, of the drawing, I think for the next time, m maybe you could come with a concrete proposal with uh names on it. But let us try to see today whether we prefer to organise people, say, by projects or just professor and assistant. So what would be f, say, first your preferences, since Let's let's start with us, maybe today. Um what do you think about it? Would you prefer to be alone, would you prefer to be with your assistant. You who are part-time, do you think you can come here on a very w well regular schedule or is it part-time, but variable during the week? Uh-huh. And since you're coming on the uh half-time, do you think you will be able to group your presence here, say Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday morning, or is it going to be m much more random? Okay. Yeah, I think so too. Um so Martin, you are also uh half-time and, well, the third person is Gisella. I think it's quite clear that mm each person should have their own desk and Yeah. It's no no way we we could put two persons at the same desk. Yeah, I think grouping Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Are you disturbed by the phone calls of other people? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Like cubicles. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I I I will try to find out whether we can separate. I think for the moment the answer at least is no, because um it's not only, well, making a wall, but also b mm making a new door. So it's quite a lot of uh of work, but uh I will try to find this out for the next time. Um, so at least for the moment, as you can see there are uh I can show them here on the screen. So there are these two rooms on the left that uh accommodate one person. So at least some of the professors, since you are four, uh could could go uh well, could take these uh these rooms. And quite a lot of rooms with two persons. Uh how do you feel Susan about the professor sharing the room with her assistants or the one which is the most involved in in the teaching? Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's um that's true. Um, okay. Um, maybe we could s look a bit at the projects. Do you think it's a good idea to put together in the same room as much as possible people from the same project, since they talk quite a lot of to each other? Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, yeah, and some of the P_H_D_ students will hopefully finish their P_H_D_ at some point. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well, actually, so the lounge could serve as some kind of meeting room, but there are also more formal meeting rooms available in in the building, as we now know. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So I think we need a Yeah, and and I think also we need a separate discussion on the furnishing of the lounge, which is a whole other topic. Uh-huh. Um Yeah, yeah, for the moment actually I think only one slot would be fully free. Uh that is Yeah. Yeah, that means one visitor at a time. Or one intern. Yeah, that's Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's already in progress. And you're you're working Uh I think, yeah, w Okay, so one of the things I have to do for the next time is fin find out about the separations between rooms and Yeah, I think it's quite a heavy transformation of the building. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And okay, I'll try to find out. And the other question is, can we squeeze maybe four people in the uh or at least four places in the three three P_ room? Yeah, hopefully visitors don't need as much say filing space, or um Yeah, they don't have that many papers. Uh okay. So that's uh I have to to ask, so you don't really feel um very strongly attached to this uh grouping by projects idea? Mm-hmm. Um Yeah, exactly. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, they they can change. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think that's that's going to be one of the the main things we'll have to ask is whether people have strong preferences either in staying with someone or in uh not staying. Um, are you aware f of any strong constraints right now? Oh. Okay, yeah, that's true. So smoking is now um no longer a constraint. Yeah. Yeah. That's the new regulation. Uh on the balcony, actually. Yeah. Normally. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. O on the toilets or Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yes, Martin said also for him and, yeah, especially for her. Yeah the in she's the interface. So Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, I think Yeah. Mm-hmm. I think putting Gisella with the other admin of the school is not an option, because we weren't offered Yeah, it would be nice, but uh Okay, I'll try to find out, but uh I th Yeah. Okay, we'll try, but all these, yeah, are say sort of difficult questions because they involve changing also the offices of the school and, you know, people just don't wanna change in general. Um, let's see, maybe we can find some temporary well, at least a proposal for Gisella. So, since the one-person rooms are quite, well, sort of um desired by a lot of people, she should probably No, y Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh, the the middle one here? Okay. This one. Okay. Mm-hmm. Well Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, well Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because in this case, yeah, Gisella could take one of the the two person rooms and the other place would be for some kind of visitor, that I or Ah. Okay. Uh. Yeah, or an intern. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay so this sets a bit the stage for uh for Gisella then. Uh yeah we'll try to to find out. Um, actually, yeah, maybe we should remind that quite a lot of professors at the at the school actually share their office with their assistant. So b it looks like sort of an implicit tradition. Maybe not to be followed. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um, okay so I think Well, this sets a bit uh the stage. Uh could we try So could you try please to uh Do you want an extra uh piece of paper? Maybe try to, well, think on your own and then talk a little bit just to the people around you. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No the point was to try to, well, just talk to them, to David, or Mm-hmm. Yeah. So w w w will you ask people just for their place or also for the other people's place? Because Uh-huh. Well, but that's Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay, th then Okay then for the next time, um try to come up either with your own preferences, that's quite easy probably to state now that you know the constraints, or if you can poll a little bit the people around you, that would be I mean, even Well, just discuss i Yeah, for instance, I mean No, no, I was thinking just ask people around you what they think about this. And I think, yeah, it will be nice to to come with maybe a sketch of of these. If you can do slides, it's even better, but uh don't be that formal. And uh we'll try to at least build up one coherent proposal, and we'll merge it with the other one when the other one uh is available. Um. Oh, great. Mm-hmm. Perfect. Yeah. And I'll try to Fine. What do you mean by cafeteria exactly? What Yeah, w we can bring your coffee in the reading room, but So so since maybe, you're a part-time here, and part-ti part-time at E_P_F_L_, there are at least two um coffee machines in the building, one at the third floor, one at the first floor. And we can bring our coffee. No uh automatic uh coffee machines. So uh yeah. But, in Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, vending machines. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, maybe this is not a very bad timing. Could we try to meet uh next Tuesday? Um, next Tuesday maybe at t maybe a bit later? Maybe at eleven o'clock? Come on, try try to be nice. Gi give me a reasonable date. Yeah, for me it's a good timing. Uh-huh, okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Very well. So about two o'clock? Would that be okay? After lunch. It's not a very demanding meeting, so um Perfect. Um, then let me close this. And uh good luck for your arrangement games.