Okay. Oh yeah. Andre, just, yeah, just a a clarification question, are they number of people per room indicated strict, or can we play around with? I mean if there are two people, is it really that you can't put three or uh two and a half or uh how how was it calculated? 'Kay. Mm-hmm. I have everything. Okay, so Are you sure of that? Mm-hmm. Yeah, but counting the rea the the reading room. Mm-hmm. And Susan, don't forget the time we spend to for discussions about that room, so you should be able to valorize this if possible. But I still agree with you that the b the we are not so we are not so large, as far as space is concerned. Uh because fifteen people to put in there eighteen positions, so uh to the best uh if you take uh two people room for the reading room, then you have uh sixteen places. Mm. Yeah, that that also means that the growth will be zero. Visiting visiti visiting researchers, students coming for exchange students et cetera. We j we stay where we are. No the the the chances might be that there are more people to put in that space. Andre, sorry for interrupting, but uh one again clarification question, what is the real margin of manoeuvre that we have for these discussions, because uh at least we are half per cent uh fifty per cent of from E_P_F_L_ and uh sometimes you have meetings where w y the the decision is already taken, so uh um you can spend quite a lot of time discussing things, so what what will be the impact of what we will come out come up with? So, another way of a Another way of asking the question, is there any other group already working on uh on the how this should be uh should be allocated? Or are we the the one that is supposed to do the p the the p position for it? But wha why why don't they have any representative here. I mean Yeah, why do we do it separately? Okay. No, but you know that that's a standard thing. It's Suppose that somebody for some strange reasons want to be in the corner and we don't know about that, we'll put them put her or him somewhere else, then we will do plenty of work for nothing, because we'll not have this constraint. We'll not be aware of this constraint. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with that. That's Whe whe where part-time is important is that it's n an overlo load on a room, so um for sure if you have a part-time person, it reduces the the ranges of time where too many people in the room. As far as I am concerned I probably might be able to have a kind of a regular presence here. Um, the uh the thing that f in my case has to be taken into account is that I will have a lot of phone calls. So I'll be talking o o o over the phone all the time. So that's not necessary Well, it depends on I I have nothing against sharing a a an office with somebody. I d already did it before, so and it was perfectly fine. It just has to be somebody who can work while somebody else is having phone calls in the in the room, which is very d much dependent on people. Some people are not disturb at all by this. Some people just can't work. I'm not. But uh and uh what might happen, but it uh it will not be so heavy here uh at ISSCO is visitors. So that I will have more at E_P_F_L_, uh typically students coming in um or asking for things. As I'm not teaching here, I'm teaching at E_P_F_L_, this should shouldn't be a such a big load. So for me it it will be essentially I will not be I will not be able to be silent in the room, because I will be communicating also through vocal means, so Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Do you go for boxes for instance? In the in the bigger rooms where, yeah You know like uh cubicles? Yeah. Hmm. You mean, you really want to have walls. Four walls. Yeah. Yeah, sure sure. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I fully agree with that. That's uh it's much easier to me to uh to foresee having two people of the same position sharing a room, than uh Oh sharing with their students. Oh sorry, because but that that's uh it's it's tricky because of confidentiality reasons, as you said. Yeah, you you you are discussing a budget on the on the project, you over the phone typically you don't necessary want to have somebody who will be dependent on that budget being part of the discussion, so No. No, because pro project doesn't last in time. They will change. That's what The only thing that will not or that will change only progressively in time is the status of the people. Mm. Yeah, they will promote that. But still, th some things Well, yeah. Yeah. If if it if i if projects are what you have in mind, I think that uh meeting room is the the tool for that. If you need to have people in a projects talking together, they just have a meeting room if it's not too far away then then it's a very good good practice. Yes. That's why I was quite receptive to uh Susan's remark at the beginning is I wouldn't formulate it in a such a an extreme way as, do we really need the lounge? But uh I would p probably formulate it in the way that uh, do we want to have only a lounge or s something that can be used only as a reading room? Because because meeting rooms to me are very important tools to do uh collaborative work. But on the other hand we also have to relax, so that's Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. 'Cause that's really my one of my worries with the plan that we have here is that it's it pr provides no possible possibilities of expansion. And this will happen. I mean you can't you can't prevent having visitors. And you shouldn't. Which for for fifteen people it's not enough. I mean uh Yeah it's We have we have four professors here and and and two researchers. Mm. It's bad it's bad. Because this is really related with security uh regulation as well. I mean you can't just put walls in in rooms without any specific authoris Yeah. Uh it's not necessary heavy in terms of work. It's heavy in terms of administrative authorisation. At least at E_P_F_L_. I think so. If you organise the desks in a in a intelligent way. Yep. Yeah, right, that's the point. No. Coffee machines are that made for that. No, that's that's proximity doesn't play a big role there. We can discuss with people that the the space is very small, I mean, altogether it's And uh you don't y you don't need to discuss about the projects, you f more need about th to discuss about where is the printer, how do I get furniture, I'm I don't have a a pencil, where is the the box with the pencils, and so on. This is not project related. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. No. It's non-smoking campus. Not even in the cafeteria? Downstairs? Okay. Wow. On the roof maybe. The balcony, okay. But Andre, uh just a Still some places where smokers can survive. But Andre, just a comment abou about your your previous uh request. I I don't think that anyone will provide you information such as who doesn't want to be with whom. That's a typical uh output of ex uh research in expert systems. These are the rules that you never get. But uh you can get them through a proposal. So you propose a set-up, where people are with other peoples and they will find politically correct ways to tell you that uh they don't want to have a view on the mountains, but they prefer to have view on the old town, so they would be in the toilets. They would um p prefer to be in another room. Yeah. Yeah. But that's a sec s that's the admin that's the admin uh so it's part of the work. Yeah. And that that's a problem, you're right, because because we don't have a one person we d we don't have enough one person rooms for uh accommodating the uh the admin place. And uh if you put two person persons or three persons for the admin space, who who who else would you put in there? Because we don't have any assistant manager or we don't have We have only one half part half-time uh admin and no other non-researcher positions, if I'm not mistaken. And this is really a piece of a problem. Maybe you could put some visitors, but um I know. It's not very uh realistic in a in a in an admin room, but uh Yeah, because You can't put a researcher there. That's just Either you lose one position or you find another admin or assistant manager. Yeah. Yep. No that's not sure that's not sure. Uh the there are To me there are two options possible is either you we can take one of the one person rooms for the admin, because some of, typically, the professors have good reasons for sharing. Sharing either with a colleague or sharing uh with some of their uh one of their P_H_D_ students. In that case it's it's realistic. Then we could very very simply uh allocate the one pers one of the one person rooms for the admin. And that would solve the problem. The other thing is to take a two person room for the admin. That could be the one uh close to the uh close to the here in the centre so uh the Yeah. But tha No no no, the other one, the the one op Yeah, here, this one. But then uh that the the question of what do we do with the second position there remains fully open. So I would be I would be more of the opinion to to see whether it's it's so evident that, let's say the at least the two full full-time professors that are here on the list, we have one here, but uh Maggie is is not present. If they really Yeah, and Pierrette. If if if because of personal preferences they would be happy with a two person room, which might or might not be the case. I mean it's it's certainly not uh something that we should impose, but we can ask. Yeah, but that's not realistic either. I mean, you have you have a fore foreign researcher coming visiting you and you will put put him in the admin office? Uh you'll not do that. I mean uh, maybe you can do that with an exchange student, that's But you can't take a senior visitor and uh him in the in the secretary. Uh you're here. As Susan said, p Yeah? Is that so? Oh. Yeah. Okay. No no, that's it. As we said, it's it's really a matter of personal preference, it cannot be something else. It cannot be imposed for sure. It's uh job. Again uh uh um, Andre, I think that the only realistic way we can do is to speak for our for ourselves. I can tell you according to what I know now where I would like or would be ready to be, but I really don't see how I could decide for uh Maggie or Pierrette or whoever else on the list, that they should be there. Yeah, b why why couldn't we do like couldn't we do it like for for the the set-up of meetings. You you everyone received that and uh should provide Yeah, I would like to be here. And then you will have this multi-constraint problem and uh you work during two hours and you come up with the optimal solution. Yeah, I would I would ask for their place. I mean that's that's that's the important thing you want to know. Uh it's a reading room. Reading room, it's not a cafeteria. But that that's an open question whether it's a it's a it's a it At the origin it was supposed to be a f pure reading room for relaxing, uh reading the newspapers, et cetera, et cetera. Uh there has been a very long discussion about that. I stinct uh this discussion is still vivid, that some of the people, I bel belong to these people, would like to have a mixed room where you can have a reading room for sure, but also meeting room if necessary. Or, as uh Susan said, a room an emergency room where you can put uh some visitors in a decent environment for for for for work, because you don't have any other place to do it. But that's that's really an open discussion and that d I think no decision, no final decision has been taken about that. Yes. Yes. The one that I don't want to have in the next room? Okay. Okay. That would be great. That would be great. C that that of course is one of the main well not main but one of the important features that we need to know about. Yes. Yes. We don't have cafeteria. No, there is no coffee in the reading room. That was the wrong We we did not have any money for buying the coffee machines, so Five. And you can bring your coffee in the reading room. T to try the coffee? Wait, wai wai wai wait. Next Tuesday. Uh, well well well well, not so easy, eh? Next Tuesday we have a meeting, yeah. That might be Where is the meeting? It's Unimail? Okay, so, yeah yeah, then it could be that That yeah. That that would be great, because that would allow us not to move, or not to travel twice. Yeah, after lunch. Right. Yep. Okay. Thank you.