Yep. Um So hello everybody. So uh you everybody had the a agenda for today, you received it or Yep. So the goal for today is to decide for a movie to project at the end of the month, so for this month of of April, and also discuss the content for an adver advertising posters and um I I will present you three des different design, we'll discuss it. So first we have to decide for um a movie. So I think we all prepared documents. So I propose that we start with uh presentation Agnes uh sent. And actually the psychologist is dead. Yep. Mm. Yep. So wha what will be your argument for projecting this movie? Yep. It's very well known. Yeah. I think, yeah. It's one of the most well known thriller.. Yeah. That's my impression, yeah. But it's it's rated four fourth in uh in the list and one hundred one hundred thousand seen it. Voted for it. Voted for it, and I think only two other mov uh no, f three other movies uh have uh have more votes. But the kid is seeing dead people, I mean is uh it's quite uh No, but it's quite uh morbid you can say that? Yeah, morbid. Yeah. They don't remember. Yep. So what was you criteria for selecting this movie or But then it's only at the at the end that it it becomes a good movie. Only because of the of the end. I I've heard some people in the in the theatre saying, oh now we have to see it again. But then if you asked them five minutes ago okay. Yeah. Okay, so uh I think, Mirek, you prepared a presentation also. We can have a look. Sorry, it's control L_ I have s I have seen it, but I don't remember it. Which is not good.. But the rating is very good then. It you know if it's to uh if it received some award? Or Probably no? Yeah, I think also but uh Yeah yeah. Well, it's a true story also, uh so. And to remember maybe, or Yeah. So who has seen it? Agnes, you've seen it? Yeah. And it's it's the comeback from of uh John Travolta, no? So uh Big comeback, yeah. Bruce Willis is there also. Yeah. Um Sorry? And what's the name of the girl on the poster. Um Uma Thurman, okay. Yep. So on the list I I brought on the docu on my document, the two movies, Pulp Fiction and Usual Su Suspect are just swapped. Pulp Fiction is actually coming before The Usual Suspect. Yeah, Tuesday, it's quite surprising though, but uh, okay. Yeah. Actually I have seen it, now I realise, yeah, yeah. No, because I thought it was like another movie, but it's it's this movie actually. Uh Les in French. I think it that one, but it's very violent. Very. It doesn't say it here, but uh it's probably rated R_. It speak about uh a guy who is not Italian, who is uh going up in the hierarchy of mafia. So. The mob, so the mob is the mafia actually? Okay. And Jodie Foster is very good as well. She was pretty young, no? For. W w from whe when is the movie? Ninety one, yeah. Yep. But not that good, no? Okay, what's your opinion? You have seen it? Violent and and uh scary as well. Mm. Psychopathic, I mean it's uh Okay. And last choice. Yep, that's a good one. And Kevin Spacey? It's no, Kevin Spacey, he received something, no? He's actually uh quitting his job at the beginning, but he's uh simulating a fight with his boss in order to to to pursue pursue to Yeah, I think. Yeah, to sue him afterward. And then Yeah. Yeah. Yep. No uh there is this rose, because the she's he's imagining her taking baths with ro roses all around and uh he's uh yeah. Exactly. Okay. Um so what will be your favou your preferred one on in this list? The first one, yeah. Probably yeah, you received so yeah. Yeah, yeah. And it's uh Tim Robbins and uh who is the the guy behi Morgan Freeman. Yeah. Yeah, great actors. Mm yeah. Yep. Okay. Yep, it tells something. Okay, it's just a do we want to have to display the most popular movie or or we're Yeah. That's right, yeah. Okay, Andrei, yeah, can can you comment your Yeah. Um yeah, I w thank you. Yep. And you e And you enjoyed that, the fact the you see clo I To realise how it wa how it was exactly. Yeah, it's very different, yeah. To make it like uh an historical movie or Yeah, mm. Oh. Yeah. What kind of message? Sorry, I'm not getting your Okay. Yep. Or or we have you have Okay. So actually I don't know if uh y any of you have uh read the document I prepared on The Big Lebowski. It's below the table, yeah. I wanted Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I wanted to say that uh it's quite open, there are many choices possible. But then my proposal is The Big Lebowski from um the two brothers uh Coen, Coen brothers. And it's a actually Joel Co Coen who uh directed the movie. Um the plot is quite hard to to make, but maybe you you read it al already you understood something from the plot or. I am? Yeah, it's it's it's a bit like the f in my opinion like um American Beauty, because it's it's a funny movie but uh it critiques a lot the American society. And the the the hero, the the Dude, the mm Big Lebowksi, it's actually his name, is a a kind of non-hero, but he's representative of the of uh a normal uh L_A_ L_A_ guy. And uh he has a friend comi veter veteran from Vietnam and uh another friend who is never speaking. And they all are together in a bowling club where they meet and they discuss about uh everything. They seems to have no job, I not know, we never seen i them working. Yeah. And actually he's uh taking part to a kind of um uh uh s some some killers come to his apartment uh because they think he's someone else, and uh the whole story is about uh he wants to to to get some money out of this story, and he's going to see the other Lebowski to ask him money, because he he because the killers actually uh damage some stuff in his apartment. It's uh Jeff Bridges and uh John Goodman. John Goodman, you have probably seen him in in a series? On the right, the guy on the right, Jeff Bridges. Yeah. He's the one coming uh from from Vietnam. He's kind of uh he is still equipped for for war. Okay so uh It's f a movie from the nineties actually, yep. Yep, yeah, yeah, that's a problem. I'm going to actually I want to show you some posters I prepared for this movie, so we actually can discuss at the same time the poster design. So on the left you see the main characters of the movie, so the the hero at the top left. Then it's the guy coming back from Vietnam. Afterward it's uh uh a guy who John Turturro, they are competing with him on a bowling uh contest, and um Julianne Moore and the last one is Buscemi or something like that. Buscemi? He's never speaking in the movie. Each time he's trying to speak, the other one are are stopping him. So it's qu No, he's not on the on the picture, the second Lebowski. So uh my proposition was to add um the title of course, some information abo about the pricing on the right Uh yeah, but when it will be printed it will be okay, I think. Ah, you mean Okay, so I prepared a second one where th th th there's there is some information. At the bottom we can see that um, do you know Mondre Montreux English Movie Club? Uh I said that people can contact us to to get to the committee and select movies. So um. Okay. But there is a th there is a third one. Um actually I I prefer it because it's more colourful also. But it's it can catch the eyes actually but um But then the problem I preferred the first one, because I think it's important to have the plot of movie, e especially for uh a movie people don't n never heard about it. But uh I don't know. Okay. Okay, so what do you propose, what should I do for these posters? In terms of content. Okay, I'll try to do something, but first anyway we have to select a movie. So I'll put all the information and you want me to put the at the bottom, all the information about the committee and the the Montreux Club, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, so just to conti to finish with The Big Lebowski, it's um I think those two images are pretty representative, so the on the first on on the top you see the hero with a a cowboy that i introduces the movie, and on the bottom it's uh he is he keeps dreaming in th in this movie, because uh uh the killer's um uh put it d put it or he is drinking too much also, so each time he's uh drinking he's having some dreams, very very weird, but interesting. Yep. Yeah, yeah. Actually, she wants him to she wants to make kids and she's using the Big Lebowski to have kids with him, but he doesn't know. So maybe he's making strange uh Okay. Yeah, yeah, it's very very sweet and it's like a it's like a dream actually. It's um no, it is on in the table actually. It's um it's coming at the end. Forty eight. But quite a lot of people have seen it actually. Yeah. Yeah, but generally you vote when you have seen the movie, no? Okay, so uh I think we should decide for a movie now. So maybe each of us can s can select two movies or Okay. Um no, actually I'm happy with the choices, because I really I would really push uh American Beauty, because I think it's uh it's an easy movie to watch and and still there are a lot of things to think afterward. And it's representative of the nineties, I think. Okay. Yeah. Okay, start, Andrei. No I don't want to finish I think I'm going to No. Yeah, maybe it makes more sense, yeah. Okay, me I put two to American Beauty and uh one to Saving Private Ryan. No, Big Lebowski, I nominate. So do we have something? Yeah, that's the only thing that's worrying me, but it should be okay. Yeah, yeah. So you select you wanted actually me to select the this design? That takes a bit more time, but if you c if all of you can send me one image, I can make something on the left. Select one image from the movie and uh With a different title? Okay. No but I'll make something. Julianne Moore actually uh She's playing in the no? In American Beauty? Ah okay. Okay uh we s We still have to decide for next meeting and we're all set. Uh by uh Monday, next Monday. I think we can meet at the same period. Yeah. No. First Monday of May. Yep. But then in June, what are we going to do in June, because we cannot make movies from ten two thousand Yeah. yeah, maybe. Okay. Thank you. So what's the movie again? Okay. Thank you.