That would be fine if one of the person is fifty per cent. So me, for example. Please. Because the professors uh, you have personal printer or there is only one printer? Because if not the person the printer can go in a room of three people. That's typical of case where there's the lab and there's the printer is there. Yeah, okay, for me uh, as uh I don't know l uh the people a lot, uh you suggested that uh there's a la a lack of men s so, I would re certainly put uh not two men in the same office. I would try to share them with the women so uh for example in your slide I could uh switch either you or Martin with uh uh the other room. This one. So. Yes please. Yeah yeah, I was wanting to change this wa Mm-hmm. Yeah, but I need your uh your slide, because I was talking about your slide. Yes, so here you can see that the the the men is I mean, they are always sh sharing the room with a g with a woman. I mean, there's Bruno, me, uh Pierrette and Nikos is a guy also. Oh. Sorry for this. Mm-hmm. So I mean, this is perfectly fine, I will just send Martin and Andrei for Maria or or Yalina or Nancy, maybe. So Yeah, here there are two men. So I mea yeah. I it's nice. I don't think I mean there's a lack of men here, in in in this in this lab. So I would change one, switch one.. but we agree that it's not important to to share the room with someone that has the same project. quite happy to have the the full room some fifty per cent of the time. Is there anyone that is going to finish P_H_D_ or or leave or. No, but a lounge in a one person room is really too small. No no, I don't think we can choose. No. Let's put m Maria or Yalina in the in the in this place. No lounge. Well, the the lounge can not be in here t with two people. I mean, you cannot go there and discuss and and two people working there in the room. Sure not me. That's true. Uh it's completely fine. Then uh the two visitors will be in one room, but doesn't that's fine, because maybe there are not two visitors at the same time. Uh we'll see. one. Yeah yeah, you need, because sometimes you need a laptop and So you agree with a lounge?