Mm-hmm. Uh do we know if there will be a lot of people coming across the hall in terms of security stuff if we can I mean my idea is to put the photocopier and the fax in the hall. Um. Okay. Mm. Okay. Okay. Mm. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and that's it. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm okay. rooms, yeah. And do we need a room like a reading room or Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. The first split we can do is between administration and reasearch uh. I mean, it's completely different work so we can deal with administration and decide something for administration and then for the other. Yeah. But at least deal with that particular situation and then see with the other, because I was thinking uh Gisella is quite, I mean, Gile Gisella's work is quite noisy, because it's secretary so, yeah, lot of phone call and stuff like that so Yeah, so you won't share an office with Gisella unless you are fifty per cent and not the fifty per cent Gisella is working, which is another condition. Yeah mm. So I don't know, maybe we can decide that Gisella is having one of the one person room. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. But at least the thing we know that Gisella is gonna be alone. Or with equipment, but humanly alone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then I think the main discussion we should have is um if we want to make group of among the same project or among the same title or Yeah. Or Yeah. Couple of professor and assistant or That's more a conceptual question than a practical question. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but we will have this reading room, which can be Mm. Yeah, for a real meeting. Mm. Yeah. Mm. No. Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm yeah. The other thing we should take into account is if you receive student or not, because Marianne and I interact a lot with student and we have reception hours and stuff like that. So it means you get time where a lot of people come along and talk and So it's maybe Yeah, so maybe it's not really nice to have to share an office with somebody like us, having a lot of social life and Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I dunno. Yeah mm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, but that's something we can't reasonably assume like that and make plans with that because Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I don't know. Yeah. One point I can say by experience, it's really hard to share an office with three people, because it makes much more noise that only being two in an office. Plus the computers. So Yeah. So we might be It might be a good idea to first exclude one of the three person room to be the reading room and not to be necessary a room with three people. A working room. Oh yeah. Mm. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah. So the other solution is to say, okay we use a three person room, but only with two person each time. And leave a spare space for or But avoiding having three person full-time in a same room could be a good idea, I think. Yeah. Mm. So for the reading room we will have a two person room. Okay. Yeah. Which one? With the mountain? Yeah, it's Big black stripe is the windows, not the thin one between the big But what about the d the other one which has only one windows, but in the courtyard it maybe more quiet. We have electricity so I hope. No it's a question I mean it it's quite noisy outside with the streets and Yeah, we are on the sixth floor. Yeah. And stop reading. So it's a relaxing room. Yeah, yeah, no okay. Yeah, yeah. Mm yeah yeah. Mm. So what about one of the room in the corner? So you have three windows. It's even better. But you have less wall to put shelves and stuff like that. If you intend the reading room being more a library or Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Kind of, yeah, small library. No no, no no. No no, sure but Yeah. Mm. So are we all agree about these two person rooms? Which one? Corner or not corner? The middle one. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. So we can exclude this one to make an office. Or maybe write on the board, I don't know. So we have the map and It's alright. Three, yeah. Yeah, yeah mm. So Okay. Is that a mountain? Okay. And that an old town? Yeah, should we decide also the administration stuff? And So we exclude the n the thing we are quite sure, and then we discuss the That's really noisy to be in the same office with the administration. Yeah, that just imply you expect people to come when Gisella is not working, and that's not really fair if you So we can put Gisella in the two people room which is near the mailbox. No. I don't know. I it's just the question, you always have the phone ringing, even if the af even when she's not working. Yeah. Yeah, but that's that's a good point from Nikos to say that she needs to be n near the mail box and the printer and and the photocopier and stuff like that. Yeah. Exc except the door is not really convenient. No, but I think, if if the main, um how can I put that, the mm If the main reason to put to to choose Gisella's place, is the proximity of the mailbox, it should be a two pe people room and not a three people room. Otherwise we have a one people room and Yeah. Yeah. No but it's it's also it's also the place of the photocopier. Yeah. Because if we put the photocopier near the mail box and it seems to be the only place where there is room for that Yeah. Yeah oh no. Yeah, no, it's too And it's too big and Yeah. Okay. And then we can for the moment put Gisella in this corner room if you agree, I don't know. Yeah. But this option of putting Gisella near the photocopier. I mean, she is not sharing an office. I mean sh we put some trainee in Gisella's office, because there is a spare room, and that's quite imp Yeah, that's quite uh I mean, that's quite important to keep a spare room in Gisella's office, if we need more staff, but I wouldn't work in Gisella's office. Yeah, yeah. Mm yeah. For example, and there is no room in the cupboards for any people except Gisella, because she got lots of paper archives and files and stuff like that. So it's really, she needs space. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Are you sure it's southwest? I dunno if thi if this map is a Okay, the map is north oriented. Okay. No. Okay. I don't know. Anyways yeah, but Okay. You know because with mountain mountains and old town it's not No, sorry until but Okay. No, because sunrise and sunshine is quite uh sunshine, sunrise and sunset is quite also a good um something to take into account. Uh northeast. Sunrise. It's east, yeah, east. No, east. We we have sun in the morning only. So it does mean that the three piece room which is in the opposite of the northeast is the most sunny one. Let's say that. It's it's the one you have of now, you both. More or less. You get the sunset then. No? And it's really warm and Do you Uh by the way, is it a six floor building or is there more Okay. So it's warm. Mm. Okay. Mm. So how many rooms and uh how many place do we have? Yeah, plus one spare place, but really the last place to be used. Yeah. Okay. We got two, three, four, six, nine Fourteen places? For fourteen people? Yeah. T Okay. Bless you. So Can we group people by their name? I to Marianne. So it's gonna be Mariannes' office. Yeah, that's going that can be. That's boring, but that can be a good idea, but do do we can we do that? Because there is No we can't, because No we can't, there is two And two three person room. Yeah. So Mm. Yeah yeah. Yeah. I think we clear the things a little bit up too s Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So let's have a break. Save your file. You have X_P_? That's nice.