No, it's kind of we should maybe find a method to do stuff. Like, I don't know, choose one parameter. The first parameter to choose people to choose where to put people, like I dunno maybe permanent staff and non-permanent staff, we know that professor will stay for a long time. We uh we don't know for the other So maybe that could be the first parameter to take into account. Not just to have this dis Yeah, and have this discussion every two years. Because it's, you know make sense for everyone. So we can choose where to put uh, I would say, the the the three first one of the list. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And yeah. Mm and maybe the two other senior Andrei and Nancy. And then, yeah. Mm.. Yeah, that could be an idea. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. can switch. Yeah. Which is So we need to put Pirette, Andrei and Nancy do we want to the the question is now is do we want to put the three together or the three completely separate with other people? Yeah, yeah. Some, some. Yeah, but few, less than Pierrette. So we have a Mm. Yeah. Um I just realised something. The two people room in the middle which has only one windows, it's gonna be pretty hard to put two people inside that room. Yeah. Yeah. Except we yeah. And near the photocopier. Yeah. And what about the reading room? Yeah, but you I mean uh I think, everybody is supposed to spend more time in their office than in the reading room. So we might think that it's better to have a more comfortable office than a more comfortable reading room, I don't know, it change the plan of the morning, I'm sorry, but I just realised that stupid architect put only one windows. Who built this building? Do we know that? I dunno. What do you think? Yeah. Yeah, I know, but in the last meeting nobody just took attention at this one windows problem. And I think it is one problem. Yeah, you too, I can I can say the thing to you, I'm sorry. The two people? That's really welcoming and warming. Yeah. What what what? Say it again. No no, but the main problem we have the same number of place and the same number of people now. Yeah. And uh I just noticed that we have this two people room with only one windows. Yeah. You don't mind to have okay, so, Nikos and you have to find yeah. You have to find somebody agree to come with you. And it's not a question of you it's a question of windows. Who would you put with you? Let's put a fifty per cent so From the David. Yeah. Do you know David? You will learn to know him. So David and Nikos, it's done. And with um Pirette uh Andrei and Nancy. How many P_H_D_ student does she have? And me.. Yes, I'm doing a P_H_D_. Yes. Officially. Um. So and can you put the the map again, so we s see what happen. Um. That's that might be a good idea to put Pirette with two P_H_D_ student, whoever they are. Which one? Okay. So Pirette and the two Mariannes. Okay, so wha put me with Marianne and Pirette, it's alright. And we put Marianne in front if she want to be No, on the room on the opposite oh no, that's the old town view. Pick a room. Is that alright? Is the old town view beautiful enough? Mm. Yeah. Okay, so Marianne, and who do you want to work with? Nancy, Martin, Pirette? No, Pirette is done. Andrei, Yalina, Maria and Agnes. Okay. Okay, so put Yalina with um Yeah. Okay. And we have uh now Do you think it's a good idea to put Martin and Andrei together, since they are working on the same project? Yeah. And we might put Martin and Andrei and someone else in the three person room, since the fifty per cent, it's a good Okay. Maria and Nancy. That's really strange. So, what do we think about that? Mm-hmm mm yeah. I think this project thing is not good thing. This project splitting I mean. Splitting by project. Yeah. No but if you if if you split by project you put me in one person room. That's hard. Could you say that again? Okay. Okay. So you just you just move him or the two groups? You just Yeah. No. Except coffee time and that's important project too, but uh gossiping and stuff like that, yes. Mm. Yeah. And it's quite funny to to to hear other activities around you. And not always the same stuff. Especially when it's activity that you don't understand or yeah. Yeah. No, that's quite nice. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay, why not... I'm not totally convinced. I'm not convinced about this. I dunno. Yeah. First of all, no from the beginning I said the three person room it's quite I mean it's a disadvantage. And um to change a little bit this disadvantage we put somebody fifty per cent, in three person room, so we could do the same in the three person rooms, but there is still this problem yeah. Yeah. yeah, it's here for working. Not not us but exactly. And you, so there is no view. And Pirette as well. We uh all have uh reception hours. Yeah. Yeah.. You can move with your desktop, yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay, can we say that David uh is yeah. Instead of Okay, but okay. No, because I was thinking of we can um having these two office which are near to the lift Keep this office for reception people. If I can con we are Pirette, the two Marianne and I, are receivi and Maggie and Susan are receiving a lot of student. So we With the Finnish for example, if you want me. Yeah, so that's ki yeah, yeah, okay. Lopeta. Yeah, yeah. Uh that's nice to have a corner a student, I mean, a student area. You know what I mean. Yeah, to find us and it's also quite noisy when you have this kind of parade of student before the exams. So if you work with me and you have this agree with that? So and the photocopier is still Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, but it's too far from Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's quite good. And then yeah. So we have a three windows' room. With view everywhere. Aha. Yeah. We close the door. Yeah and I think that's quite nice. And then? And put David In a two person office? And why? No, no, the reason to put Pirette and Marianne Marianne and I together is because of the noise we make by receiving students. And then the reason to put David in this office it's because yeah, it's fifty per cent in a three um place office. Um. That sounds nice, no? And I think we do have the best office uh. It's a kind of dictatorship decision, but we are here to make a decision, so And Agnes, you're gonna sell this to the administrator? Yeah. So? The argument of student. Yeah. You can also s oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. is Yeah. Yeah, but we all work on different projects so we can't What is the little square d you put oh, a printer? And the photocopier? Okay. That's quite fine. Student reception. You. Okay. No yeah, that's fine. So the arguments are uh student reception in one corner. Yeah. The fifty per cent staff in the three person room. Yeah. Yeah. And um the two mm and the two professor is one single. Yeah. Centred. And since you nee you will meet the administrator, can we ask for a coffee machine somewhere. Yeah, or in that hall. I mean, the sixth floor, there is no coffee machine on the sixth floor. No no, um a vending machine. Yeah but try. Wi with good coffee. Italian one, please. Yeah. And herb tea. For the afternoon. H herb tea. For the afternoon, yeah. Because with strong coffee I don't t sleep. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Mm. And do we know if there will be air conditioning? No no no, there is no terrace on that building. So, no we're not gonna change the plan only for the smokers. Exactly. As well. I think it's fine. Okay. Is everyone happy with that? Mm. Wow. That's very professional yeah. Hmm. Uh can can we think of putting a white board somewhere in the hall? For general information? Yeah. Yeah, but I mean you have a nice poster of the next conference, you don't put it you know a a big board with Along one of the wall, yeah. Yeah. Mm yeah,.. Ooh. I think it's everybody's responsibility to find if they prefer to be in front of, back to window or whatever. I mean, if we start doing that not happy We are all adults, so I think we can all speak and Uh okay. I hope, yeah. Okay.. Okay.