Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh, actually Martin is fifty per cent time. Yeah. No? Oh, because you would say that she's an assistant professor or something like that. Oh, okay. Yeah. But um yeah, maybe that's Yeah, there are full professors and assistant professors, if you want. And, yeah, it's true that she's an assistant professor, but uh well, we see, maybe we can move a little bit around just to give her uh, well, also at least, maybe not a uh an office alone, but at least with just one person, not two. We'll see. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, no, mountains are just in the far so, that's not Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um well, uh I can think of some reactions from the people wi so maybe I can Well, r Yeah, well, tell me about some of the constraints and Well, first of all I must say that there are also quite a lot of common points, so um it's probably not going to be very difficult to Yeah, please. Thanks. Perfect. So um, yeah, actually we um Well, basically the the group who produced this uh proposal is made by Susan, Martin, David and uh and myself. And we also well, Susan volunteered to ask Maggie and Pierrette about how they they felt about sharing offices, and. So, as you can see, well um Susan gets obviously the same office, which is quite a good thing. Um, then things started move a bit. It looks like I'm also in the same position. But the most obvious constraints that uh we we found here was that it was probably very difficult to have a lounge uh just a lounge in one room, because it would block us two full working places. And although it's true that the group, I agree, decided to to had to have a lounge, we propose to put the lounge uh in the room at the the upper side on on the right. Uh, so let two people share this with uh sort of a, yeah, a place where we have a sofa maybe and uh and some books. So it's obviously a calm place. People are not there to talk very loud, but they can sit and relax, and uh still look at at the mountains. Um, also So that's one of the main differences, I think, maybe one of the points that we have to talk about. Uh the other one is the admin office. So it's Gisella fifty per cent because she's only half time, and uh the fax machine. Um Gisella actually has a lot of phone calls to make and uh it's true that her activity is quite noisy when she's there. Um, it's also true that she has quite a lot of files for most of the the projects actually that we manage, so it appeared, at least to well to our group, that even if she's here only half time, she should have an office by her own because it would be quite disturbing for other people to to work in the the same office. Uh Gisella has has no objection against sharing the office. We thought it was more for the the calm of the the people. It's true that this blocks one of the one person rooms, but uh on the other hand, uh Maggie has no objection uh sharing an office with her assistant. And this appeared to be true also of Pierrette. We don't know about Pierrette sharing an office with two persons, but at least no problem in Pierrette sharing her office with uh Marianne, the the Swedish one, who is sort of her assistant. Um so this is why we, yeah, we put Maggie with with Bruno. And then the third main difference uh would be the the number of visitor places or free places. Uh you notice a new name in the room uh at the centre upper upper side. So that's Paola. It's true that it's someone coming next year, Susan reminded me this uh of this point, and I could not really ignore it. Uh, so um that she's an Italic, she will arrive in about two month. And the two uh, vis one and vis two, are the visitor places. You had one, I think, called free space or spare spare place. Um we didn't really reach a very good agreement on the distribution of these two rooms. So the the two at the centre, uh where is written Paola, Yalina, the two visitors and then Maria plus David. So I think there is quite a lot of space here to uh switch a little bit among the people, just to make some kind of smooth occupancy rate, so not to have one empty room when we have no visitors, um and uh then a very full room when everybody is is here. So I think we're we are quite willing to split and put say maybe one visitor with Maria and David uh fifty per cent in the other room with the second visitor, so that it smooth is. Well, yeah, exactly so the visitors are uh basically stagieur and it happens that sometimes we have two of them even if it's only for three or four month. Martin seemed to insist that when we have a visiting professor, for instance, we cannot really put him with Gisella, because, well they wouldn't feel very nice, they they made a joke about that. So we should manage some kind of decent space. It's true that these one or two last one or two years we didn't have uh a visiting professor. But um Yeah, so uh I think, yeah, these are the three main points. So one is the place of the lounge. Uh, the other one is the uh the place of the admin office with Gisella. And the third one is the number of visitor visiting people and uh, well, how many of them we want to accommodate and where where we put it. These, I think, are the three main differences. Otherwise, we pretty much agree on uh on placing people. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um sorry? I I didn't understand. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's that's true, I think, yeah, they are are quite open to to this. Martin also reminded us that he is quite noisy. He has a lot of uh phone calls to make, even if it's here if he's here only fifty per cent of the time. Um, so yeah, I I I don't mind this, but uh that's something But it's true, yeah, we could also try to put a visitor and the professor. Um, Martin made another point. It was the fact that sometimes professor have to professors have to discuss sensitive matters about projects and financing, and they sometimes might feel uncomfortable discussing this with their well, in the presence of their P_H_D_ students. Like saying, oh I I have to reduce her t from eighty per cent to fifty per cent. That's probably something So I I mean, all these are constraints. I don't know how how you would like us to proceed from from here, or if you already have questions or reactions on this one. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah um Well Mm-hmm. Yeah, we Yeah, that's true, that's one of the problems. Um, well we were told that it was not really possible to build walls, but we noticed that this room actually has two doors. So uh we thought that maybe we could put some kind of, well, separation. I Yeah, maybe just, yeah, furniture or just uh some kind of screen. No, it's not sound-proof. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, well, it was actually this pressure from from my group that led to this, to squeeze a little bit uh the place of the lounge. Now, how for instance would the university feel about a room that would be only used as a lounge? Would they feel it's too empty and that we have too much space? Or w is there no problem? The Do do you see a problem with having a l a room just for a lounge or no? So we could have a separate room as a lounge as long as uh we pack the other offices. Mm. Personally I I have no problem with this. So um that's that's fine. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, so I think maybe we can agree on on the lounge in a separate room if we can manage to to find space elsewhere. What about Gisella, how do you feel about putting her in a separate office? Which is the case now I think. Well she has an extra Yeah. With a visitor space, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it depends on what kind of visitor you are exactly. So we could say some kind of low key visitor. This is uh very nice. Mm-hmm. Actually, Gisella fifty per cent means that she's there half time, uh generally in the mornings. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um, I think it's what I tried to to do before, it's the shared lounge, uh th Um Do you have assistants with professors? Yeah. No, I think this is quite accepted and it's a bit the case. No, I think it's uh the lounge uh the admin room An Yeah, and the number of slots for visitors and for this new student who arrives, because having just one spare place, this was probably the strongest disagreement in my group. People said uh we should have at least two or three spare places, just for, you know, growing or sometimes you have three interns that arrive. So even if they are not perfect places. Um Yeah, that's yeah, that's how we did in in our proposal, yeah. Uh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm. But then we need to squeeze in in one of the three person rooms some extra visitor space and uh I I think so. If if we want to keep the reading room. Uh I think it's possible by playing a little bit with the furniture. Um, so yeah. I think another point here, and I don't know how you you feel about it, is, well, the fact that Martin is said he would be quite noisy fifty per cent of the time. So many phone calls. So I wouldn't put him in that big office, even if he's fifty per cent, but he's still a professor here and we got him from E_P_F_L_. So that I I think I mean if we need to reach a solution now, I I wouldn't mind working from your plan, and doing some changes. Or if you prefer working from mine and doing other changes. So um Okay, yeah. Depends how how easy you can write in it. Okay, so let's keep the reading room. Uh also I think Pierrette Pierrette and Martin p should deserve at least I think offices with one person, not with two. Uh Yeah. We we never asked them, it could be, but um on the other side they have, I think, no real project in common, so I wonder Whe I I think I would prefer, and probably my group would prefer, to see them with the respective assistants, and I think Pierrette plus Marianne is a very good combination. Why not switching them from, yeah, that office? Yeah, switch the whole group. Yeah, Marianne Swedish, and then Pierrette. Because there are two Mariannes. And both family names start with S_ T_ A_. No. No, not true. The just S_. Yes. Mm-hmm. Now let's do something with Martin too. Um Yeah, maybe we can write it down, say vis vis one. David is fifty per cent and visitor one should Yeah, or spare or It's fine. Mm-hmm. Gisella Yeah, mm-hmm. I think that's closer to what I said. Well, because actually we have this project in common. You know, call I_M_ two. Um yeah, I think it's And so d could we um Mm-hmm. Well, I think, yeah, always Gisella, but I think there is no way to uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, sort of second uh Um, yeah. So you would put Gisella in a one person room? Yeah? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we could, yeah, even put We couldn't put Maggie and Bruno together. That's obviously the case. Mm-hmm. No, let's leave it like this for the moment. How do you feel, because your office well, three persons and you are all full time in there, so you with Nancy and Maria? Uh-huh. Yeah and you have Parmenides in common with Nancy. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And do you think we could put a visitor with Nikos and Yalina? Because it's it's also it's not very clear, you know, Yalina's that we said in our meeting. Yalina's master thesis should be defended in a couple of months or something like that. So we don't really know what happens afterwards. So we could at least think it's sort of an open place. Or we could get that office for you and Nancy and put Nikos and uh Yalina with Maria and a visitor? What about that? Wouldn't you like to have a calmer spot? Yeah. Yeah, but a visitor actually uh doesn't have that much paper, so for instance maybe they don't need uh, well uh the place to put their files, you know, a smaller drawer. They just need a a desk and probably just one drawer under underneath. Yeah, probably not. I think it wouldn't be uh Yalina and maybe we could think of a visitor too here? So that Think so? Because remember there is also this Paola arriving um on the new project. So, you know, Susan insisted that uh we should be And it it's al also it's not very clear because Nikos and Yalina are Well, Nikos is um research student, Yalina will finish her master thesis, so it's Yeah, okay. Yeah, Paola or Mm-hmm. Or maybe Paola will be able to choose. Yeah, I think that's quite okay. I don't know about any preference of Maggie being alone or with Bruno, or no? Yeah. Um, David mentioned also that there should be some kind of gender balance. Uh I don't know if there is a strong constraint, but I think we are doing pretty well. Well, so I'm not sure that was what was meant, but Ha. Okay, that's fine if he mentioned this to you, that's quite nice. And okay, yeah, I'm with Martin. Not very balanced. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's why Okay, if you don't mind me sharing the office with Martin, that's fine. Okay, yeah, that looks good. So Agnes with Marianne and David. Yeah, so you have I_M_ two in common. That's nice and he is fifty per cent, so that means the office is not very crowded. Okay, the other one is a bit crowded, but that's okay. Gisel Mm-hmm. Um I I think for the moment. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, what was said in in my group, actually Susan who knows professors from other um other faculties, well, she noticed that most of them have rooms alone. So this is true for Susan and Maggie, but not true here for Pierrette and and and Martin. So we can already argue that uh we're squeezing in even the the professors. It's true that the reading room But you know we fought so much to have it, so let's uh let's try to have it there. And I think putting four people in a three person room is already a sign that uh we are already quite uh quite full, so um I think, yeah, it's normally the nominal capacity of this, I think, it's uh eighteen people. Um, eighteen or or seventeen. And we're only fifteen if you don't count Paola and some visitor's place. And I think it's quite important to have space for visitors, because if you have no visitors or if you cannot take a new, well, intern, during the summer, you're very much handicapped. So I think we're, yeah, on Well, the reaction of my group was that this was almost full already, so I well, we tried to I thin Mm-hmm. Yeah, so I think, yeah, what we could say about the reading room is that we we squeeze quite a lot of people in in the other offices, so I think it's okay. Um Mm-hmm. Perfect, just save it please. Maybe it's another name. Just say okay, it's fine. Okay. So, my group also asked to circulate the final proposal just to make sure there is no major problem. And the numbers. And we're done. Thank you, sirs.