The the question is is it is it against the regulation security regulation of the school. That's that's the important point. Okay.. Mm-hmm. Okay, okay. Yes. That looks good. People sh yeah that's. Let me check that I I di I didn't. S Yeah, but putting the printer in the lounge is just killing the lounge. It's not a question where it is, it's a question of you are printing all the time so uh Yeah, that's that's a possible. Yeah. Why not? uh I would have I would have a provocative suggestion to put Gisella to switch Nancy and Gisella. Put Gisella, the fax, and the printing machine the printer in the one person room as a as a Okay, so the printer that's that's not the s not the hard constraint but uh 'Cause I really do think it's important to have an admin room clearly identified as an admin room and only an admin room, where you have files, where yeah, you can close it, you have the personal files of the of the people of the of the of the unit etcetera, etcetera. So for instance I be fully against the fact that my personal files are in f in a in a room that is not specifically dedicated for that. printer can be in the in the in the corridor. That's uh that's uh that's perfectly alright. I'm perfectly alright to share the room with you has a view on the old town. That's um You have to be aware of what I was saying last time was that you have to suffer some suffer from fro from phone calls. So if you have a walkman that's that's good. Yeah, because there are plenty of things that are that are okay so uh Yeah but for Pierrette an and Maggie it's uh it's. It's a wish or it's uh it's because they I didn't get your solution. What was it again? So? Ah, okay. But that's not so much a question of uh men or women, it's more the question of, as I said, that's uh Um here you have only P_ you have P_H_D_ students that are a group. There you have s senior researchers that are a group, which is to me more Unless it corresponds to some specific demand like it is in the case in Maggie Maggie's case and Pierrette's case. I think that's a very efficient way of doing things, because Yeah, mm I'm perfectly happy with with Andrei so. Sure but um But isn't there just a a a question of proximity you put David with Agnes? Um but isn't Agnes working um in a in a more substantial way in uh with people like uh either Maria or Yalina? 'Cause Yeah, yeah, I I know. No, that's true that's true. the other constraints are are satisfied somehow so. No but what I mean it was was the three the two three person rooms, I think that they can mix them the way they want. I mean if they prefer to be uh Maria tha uh Yalina and Nikos, and Nancy and Marianne on the other side well, no that's not completely equivalent, because Nancy all are P_H_D_ students or masters students, but Nancy. Correct? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I would switch David and Nancy typically. Which doesn't mean that David should be in this room. He could be in the other one. For me uh the two three people rooms are really they have to be uh re-shuffled according to people personal preferences. But I definitely would put uh Nancy with Agnes in the two person room. Yeah. But again, it's also a question of personal preference. I mean you you can't be in a room with person you don't want to be with. I see if you do it this way, you mean that in the two three people room there will be one that is not so overloaded, because of David, because David will be part time and the other one not so overloaded, because there is uh one free position uh, knowing that this one free position uh will not stay free very long. Yes so And this is still a worry for me, because we are still we don't still still don't have enough space for the visitors. Unless we put them in the lounge. Therefore I w Yeah. Yeah. We need to have at least three visitors' position, because positions, because Outside. Yeah. So that we keep it, you mean. It depends it depends on how we think about the lounge. If it's thought as being a reading room. No. If it's thought as the que that that's really a very important question to me. Do we do we put priority on the fact of being able to read newspapers in our in our offices or in our uh work place? We can read newspapers elsewhere. And I really do think it's more important for lab to be able to decently uh welcome visitors that come to the lab than to have a place for reading newspapers. Newspapers you can read them home. know we can go to the cafeteria or you can sit somewhere else. You can go on the balcony if it's if it's in the summer. So I I don't understand why we why we should put priority on lounges if we if we don't have enough space for accommodating visitors. That's just not not according to my priorities. S so let's let's put the lounge in Susan's office, and Susan's in Susan in the lounge with three visitors mm? I would advocate to just remove the lounge. We it's a luxury for us. We don't have space for a lounge. It's let's be you you cannot you cannot go at the at the at the at the in front of your colleagues and saying, I p if I have to choose between uh reading my newspaper and disc and having a a decently welcomed uh v uh research visitor, I prefer to read my newspaper. That's just not that's just not realistic. I mean, we are researchers. But then? Then you have the three people room, that positions, split it in two parts as as Susan was was uh proposing last time was a ha was a wall and you have a lounge there can read your newspapers and we have a full two room two person room where we can certainly accommodate three visitors. And at least we have some uh free margin for the next two years, or the next year. The the three people over there. Yeah. And put uh uh mm They are not supposed to have a discussion in the lounge, they are supposed to read their newspapers. And to drink their coffee. Uh scientific articles. No that's not that wasn't the goal. The the goal of the lounge was was a place where you can relax. you can do it in your office. it's it's it's you have a good chairs to read newspapers that you don't want to break you heart your your your your back your office. Yes. Yes. Three. No, we have our visitor that is arriving. Uh what did you say, Susan? uh okay. No no. That could take one one positions in the in the lo in the Ah okay, that that's an idea. if if if if you forget about the lounge. What you could do is to move either Mari Maria or Yalina in the in the mm what is currently the lounge. That means that we have one person there with one free position. We have one free position in the in the room that Maria or Yalina is coming from and one free position over there. So we have three position distributed over the rooms where we can accommodate No lounge. Louge. You take the furniture of the lounge and you put it in the corridor. you you will explain to your visitors that unfortunately they have a position in the toilet, because there is a reading room where people have to relax. It could be Nikos, for instance. Could put you can switch. But it's a lounge. Yeah but then Yeah you could you could put me there. I mean, Andrei. Because I will be there half time, and the visitors probably will not so much complain about phone calls. Well there is this full-time person arriving in I I think it's really important to to plan with that. would it be possible to have Paola in your office? 'Cause that's that's something that we we should be deciding. Either you want to keep me in your office, which is alright, and then we have to forsee a place for Paola somewhere. I I think that's that's not realistic to have a planning Why didn Yeah. That's visitor one. Mm. somebody else. Not supposed to discuss, you are supposed to relax. Because you don't want to separate Ma Maria and Yalina? Why? 'Cause Yalina, i it's not even sure she stays. It's a master student so uh Yeah. And we have, yeah, and we have two visitors and a masters student and a p and a part-time person. I was thinking the other way around. To keep Paola with Maria in the two people room and to have this one with two, Yalina and David in the three people room. Paola. No, that's a two people room, so Yep. No, Yalina is there, David is there but you need to have to put visitors somewhere, I mean uh Ah. Oh. Okay. Well It's a little bit crowded in. 'Cause you have well, not yet, of course, because Paola is not has not arrived, but uh starting from January, you will have two full-time person plus one part-time person plus one visitor that's 'Kay. Okay. But why couldn't we basically Move you, David, in this two people room with Maria? Maria plus one half pa uh half-time person? And you have Paola, Yalina, one visitor position, and I still keep hope that uh Marianne, Nikos that the lounge will on the, on on the on the long term disappear, because anyhow I don't believe there can be a lounge where in a place where there are already two people working. So the lounge will just die after some point and it uh it Still, I mean,. Ah okay, ah it has two doors. Yeah, that's true. Ah yeah, but then then yeah, okay okay. Okay, that's true. 'Kay then then there will be a wall. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Uh she she wa she wants mixing peo uh men and women, so or she he. Yeah, right. Yeah, that's to me it's more realistic. Yeah, but then then you can you can move for instance if you move David to uh with Maria. Then I think it's it's better. First it's better. I think it's uh, because it's more it's stabler. 'Cause visitors stay and go. Yeah, that's good. To me that's the best we can do. If you if we realistically can plan to have a lounge. Okay okay okay. I go I got the message. Yes, sir. So who has strong strong opposition to that? But do you have any no. But it's just a decision. No, you just have. Okay. I think we we we accommodated most of the constraints. 'Cause uh we are sure that Maggie and Bruno uh Maggie is happy with having Bruno in her office and Pierrette is happy to have uh Marianne in her office. That's that that checked? Okay. And, yes, and no reason to think that there should be uh uh uh uh an impossible situation? Same thing for Marianne and Marianne F_ and Nikos? Uh Paola we don't know yet, because she didn't arrived yet. And uh, well, Yalina Aha, that means for a for a short time Yalina will be just alone in the three person room. That's a bit a problem. Ah but then then we what we could just for the sake of having a defendable solution, uh as long as Paola is not has not arrived, is to switch for the proposal Paola and David But we we really plan that as soon as Paola is here or even earlier David will go to the to the two people room. It's just it will be switched. 'Cause this this this this is dangerous to propose. I mean you have a three per three person room with one masters student in it. Okay? So I wouldn't I wouldn't propose that. Okay. But as soon as Paola is here, uh it starts to be better. And we will have visitors, for sure. Yeah, right right, that's true. Yeah. Oh yeah, that's a point, true. Ah do we have a do do we know do we know when when is she supposed to finish the her uh master thesis? In June? June next year. Okay, wha when when do we when do you when whe uh when are we supposed to sub sumbit the proposal? 'Kay, that's now. Okay. Mm. Okay. Well so as soon as we have Susan we can uh we can um so I would I would switch again. Da but that, as I say, it's just for the sake of the of the proposition, so I even I'm even ready to uh to internally say that David will actually be in this room. What does it what does it change? names on the doors? Aha, so if we 'cause, Susan, the the the the problem the let's say the techn not the technical, the psy psychological problem we have is pra I'm extremenly happy with that solution. It would be a workab work working solution starting from January, when Paola will be here. But currently if we present it as it is, we have a three person room that is only occupied by a masters student. Aha, so sh you have a student. That we that's a rea real visitor to some extent. Ah, so this one and this two one are just ah okay, okay. So then we would have two people there. Okay. Yeah then that works. Yeah, but you you really have also to say that that that a a unit has to has to have some some horizon. I mean uh it's it's it's it's extremely important in the research domain that we can have people coming to visit us. Uh the second point I would suggest is that before you go to defend it, you should uh mm circulate it uh over mail to all the all the con involved people. To double-check so that I would do it before. 'Cause you if you if you spend time defending a thing then um I don't know, Agnes comes to you or Pierrette comes to you saying it, no I don't want to be with Marianne. Uh what do you do? So so it doesn't cost anything, it's just people will look at it, say oh, great, I have a view on the mountain and I'm uh with a person I like, so I'm happy. Because Yeah, it's it's it's not it's not completely it's an important issue, because uh I need to know, when I will have the office decided, the phone number decided. Because these are information that I have to provide to administration. I'm reachable when I'm at uh well, they can phone me on the mobile, but uh I would definitely prefer to have a clean filled administrative form that I can give back. Yes, yes. Okay. And then uh of course you have these all these practical issues, how about internet connections? Well uh, network connections, I mean? Yeah, because that's also something double check. You know, if you are in a room with three people and one network connection Well no no um. Okay. But are they activated? Okay. Okay. Ah okay. Good that looks good. And if you go back to the uh to the uh other sli slide where you have the furniture so with this uh we do we have any m any any word to say and uh so that I would like to have a red chair or a blue desk uh or a So that's the standard things. But do we have to order something or is it done automatically, so it will be in the office when we move in? Mm-hmm. Mm. And how about the boxes, because at you have to say when you will be moving the boxes, so that you have uh people for moving them. Or here you're supposed to move them yourself, or So we'll receive some information about that? Okay. That's true, but uh right, right, right.. Okay, okay. Yeah, that's an important point, the the printer needs to be connected. By the way uh uh is there any uh wireless connection uh antennas for getting 'cause I I've I've heard that there is one downstairs in the that But that's important. I mean, typically for the laptops it's Ah okay, good. Yeah yeah,. Mm? Sure. At least the four of us will not veto. at least. Okay..