And don't forget the I have a copy. Yeah. Two Six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen. Do we really need that? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And if we don't get this space then what happens? These, yeah. Okay. Yeah, why didn't we have a meeting together? Well, certainly we have to ask uh Pierrette and uh and Maggie, since they're not here, because they also have a lot of students that they have to see as we do, and so that's another consideration, too. Oh great. Ye mm before um talking more about individual preferences, is there any possibility, what they have done in the uh faculty of law, for example, that they actually split rooms? And so we would take uh uh one of the two people rooms and split it. And you would see that you would have the same size office, but that would give the privacy. Um insofar as in just about every other faculty in the building, every professor has their own office. And it's it's really it goes a bit far that uh we have to have this uh all this sharing uh. So one option and that but that we would need to ask about if we could uh split one of the rooms uh That doesn't really solve it uh I mean there's there's really a difference to having to have your own Yeah, and sometimes you have uh you need to have private uh discussions with somebody or whatever, so Well, I I think it's uh really a matter of personal preference. As you know um, I prefer to have uh my own office. Um, I also have uh a lot of phone calls and y you know, have to see people, and with the other work that I'm doing with the rectorate uh, that is really confidential information that I'm treating. So I That I have to be really careful about too. But it's a personal preference uh. Insofar as what we've had up until now, both Maggie and Pierrette have been happy to share with others. So I mean I think that we should still check with them Well, not sharing with each other. They each share with an assistant. Yeah. Paid on that Mm-hmm. Yeah, and also some of our the people mentioned here are working on more than one project too. So For example, uh Marianne de uh, she's also working with me on the virtual campus project, so she that one wasn't mentioned, but I'm not saying that I necessarily want to be with her in the office, but uh it's just to say people are working on uh sometimes more than one project uh Yeah. Yep. Well, yeah, we'll skip that for now. No I d um the lounge okay, but I think we need to also see it as a overflow place when we have um uh visitors for any length of time, so they actually have a place to work. No, you want to have visitors. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, but we have more space here than what we currently have, so it's at least some Mm-hmm. No. No, because they can share their ideas across the project, yeah, I would say. No, and if you look now at their uh the the current division of the offices, for example, uh Bruno and Agnes are sharing an office and they're working on totally different projects and and they're they're just fine with that. Well, there there were, but they sort of disappeared as of October when the no smoking rule came in, because before we were grouping the smokers and now that there's no smoking, uh I guess that's not very important option, though Well, except for that maybe you don't even want anybody smoking on your balcony, so No. No, n it's in in principle it's a it's a no smoking building. You can smoke outside. So you can go outside onto the balcony to smoke. Not even in the cafeteria. No. Full no smoking building for all of the six thousand students. Yeah. Yep. There is the there's that terrace. No. The other way. No, we we do have one constraint that's difficult, which is uh Gisella, because when she's there she's very noisy. She's on the phone a lot It's just it's by Yeah. It's by nat uh by the nature of her work that uh a lot of it is communication. Yeah. Yep. I think that's a excellent idea. Why don't we ask about that? I mean there is certainly enough space uh down the hall, wi if all of those uh uh offices that are, where half of them are also half time, and they're very under-used. So um And Pierrette too. Yeah, with with younger people, yeah. No. So we we invite invite and then we say, okay you can sit with Gisella. Um Except for in every other faculty. Yes, it is so. Every other faculty as far as I have seen their offices and the people that I know and that's in um in law, uh socio-economics, uh okay? It's a They all have their own office. I mean in in the in the law faculty they're at best there half time. We're gonna have to. Okay, I'll ask um uh Maggie and Pierrette uh if they have uh any preferences. Yeah. No. Yeah, since they're not at the meeting I think it's in out of courtesy we should first ask them. He means reading room. No. Coffee machines. No, there's the cafeteria is downstairs, but they close at five. Yeah, but there's the two machines, and they're uh the vending machines where you just put the money and and you can get Yeah. Yeah. Wait. Wait, wait. Tuesday um Ch Um we have the don't forget we have the other meeting the M_D_M_ meeting in the morning, so it would have to be in the afternoon. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. At nine thirty, but we could do we could have this meeting then in the afternoon. Nah? Yep. Okay. Yeah. Okay.