Hey look, these are microphones they uh they're for women's shirts. Um okay, so um let's start. Um thanks for coming again to this meeting. I hope it won't be too long and especially that we'll make some progress on uh this uh on this small task that is putting people in our new rooms. Uh I hope you had fun in uh, well, designing something or uh asking the people about their preferences and uh things like this. So yeah, that's what I was talking about, it's for women's shirts. Um so um well, I think you remember all the constraints and the new settings, I think, you'll be more and more used to it as as soon as we move. So we have these one person, two person and three person rooms. Um and so that makes, I think, eighteen places. And we had about fifteen people and some uh spare uh spare mm well, working places to to put um may I first uh provide the answers to the the questions from the last time? Oh, great, yeah. So that will be part of the your uh your solution or suggestions to solution. But regarding the constraints um there is no immediate plan to to make separations between the rooms so that means basically well, we have to do with this setting and uh it's it's quite difficult to make new doors and new walls, so I think we shouldn't count on them in the next uh four years maybe. And they don't want us to sh I mean they don't want to provide an extra working space for Gisella with the other I_T_ admins, which we could understand, because it's sort of full over there, but uh at least that's what they said. So it seems we uh yeah the well, we cannot change the habits of the whole school just for us. Though it wouldn't be a bad thing maybe, but uh we'll see. So regarding the possibility to put four people in one of the two uh three person rooms, um well, it's not very easy, we'll have to play uh quite uh quite wisely with the furnishing. It it looks like it's not impossible, at least on the one that is a bit uh longer, on on the right. So uh the one uh here. It should be possible to put four persons. If we could avoid it, it would much simplify things, but uh, well, we'll see. No. No no no. Yeah, I think, yeah. It it's more a matter of how to arrange the furniture, but uh since we are experts at this task uh okay, so maybe we could count on on four places, but the final decision is not really ours, so uh we'll see actually this Exactly. Or one of the intern positions, the people who might come or something like that. Um okay so these were the um the answers. So actually I I did my uh my proposal as a slide. Would you like me to start or would you like me to end? It's uh Oh, great. Beautiful. Okay, then let me um explain very briefly the the rationale for for this. So it's the same uh schema that you know. In red you have the uh uh oh, excuse me, that's quite uh annoying, excuse me. Um hello. Oh, yeah, um, can I can I call you a bit later in about half an hour. I'm just in the middle of a meeting and I'm talking. Oh okay, thank you. Bye-bye. Um, sorry for this. Fortunately we were just uh the four of us. Um. Okay, so, let me get back to into the proposal after the brief interruption. Um so the names are in red. Now um well, one of the reasons at least for me for doing this was to more or less group people uh with within projects, because I I think that sometimes they ju they just discuss together and uh it's easier if they are in the same office. And um which is quite happy actually, I I also thought that some professors might enjoy, or at least uh don't don't say anything about, being with their assistants. So I was happy to hear Susan uh saying that Maggie and Bruno could well together, and Pierrette and uh Marianne in in the same office. Um so what I can say is uh that I also understood that Susan would be rather in favour of uh, well, having her own office, so uh it's it's it's working like this. I put the lounge in the middle. It's also one of the rooms with the fewer uh the fewest uh windows. So I think that's not a problem, because you're not going to just stay there and stare outside. Uh but it's it's nicer to have a nicer view from your office, I guess. I don't know. Yeah, maybe, I thought in an angle, but that's obviously not very Yeah. Okay and so next to the photocopy maybe it wouldn't be a bad place. Here? Okay. Yeah, we'll have to check tha yeah, but the printer is quite small if we fi find just a small table for it. maybe one day we'll have a photocopy that is also a printer. So okay, but uh I wouldn't well insist on this I think okay, so the printer, well, we'll remove it if we work from this uh this solution. So uh I_M_two is more or less in the upper left side. Um I said more or less um uh upper uh lower left side uh you have SwissTra and, so the two projects from the list. And then on the on the right side. Maybe not a ver a very good solution for Gisella. If you can suggest something uh better, because she's with two people who uh well, two P_H_D_ students, and it's true that she has, yeah, a lot of phone calls to make, but um it's some way to to solve some constraints. I think this is a very open thing. Uh if you want we can use this document or we could just, say, first listen to your suggestions and see if we erase everything or just do some modifications using this one. Um yeah, maybe not a very strong one. Then they maybe you are you have better suggestions. Um it was I think sort of one of the uh places they re that remain and I I think, yeah, there is no strong constraint and uh well, she's a smoker, but the policy is that we don't smoke, so it's even better if she's uh with a second person. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah mm. Yeah, that was the case and uh she was a bit uh reluctant, but Mm-hmm. Yeah, we could store files there and things like that. Mm-hmm. Okay, so if you want I can already do this change here. Sorry you're Um. Mm-hmm. Yeah, th yeah th when the printer is, yeah, it's it's the main one. We have a secondary one which we could try to accommodate in another room, but it's basically, yeah, the peop the the printer where everybody prints. Um so I change this. So maybe I would suggest let me le k can I hear also let us hear from you. And then if we can work out a solu a common solution from this one, then we go back to to this slide. And if not, um we'll just, well start from scratch. Um. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'll try. I'll bring my walkman and uh Yeah. Uh David, you had also uh what's Ah. Uh-huh. Oh let me put the plan, sorry. I will display uh yeah, this is the empty one. I don't want to influence you. So so you would put uh Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. you can you can even stand and just show us there. Okay, so we would prefer the names. Okay I I don't want to influence you too much, but uh mm I'm perfectly happy to start with this as the basis and then change things. Yeah, maybe in different, just Uh-huh. Oh Mm-hmm. Or actually, Pierrette is a woman too. Yeah, it's the feminine of Pierre. Uh-huh. bad. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and for me it's also uh I would prefer maybe not to be in a three person office, just to be a bit calmer, and, Martin, so I'm very happy with you since I proposed it. But I could also be happy with most of the other people, so even in a three person room. It's it's fine. Okay, so let's keep in mind, maybe, this uh constraint of balancing the the genders uh we'll see if we can uh do something for it. Uh I've asked some of them, and I've also used a little bit uh what I've well, I mean the the present arrangement, just not to to shock people too much. And it's also people that I know um get on well quite quite well together, and also work on the same project, like for instance, Marianne, uh uh the Finnish Marianne, and uh Nikos who interact quite a lot on uh on. Um, yeah, Maria and Yalina seem uh to go on one quite quite well. Uh Nancy had no strong preference, specially since she's no longer allowed to smoke in in her office. Um yeah, so I think, well, at least as far as I I asked there was no major objection. Um. Yeah, that's true. That's true. I um so we could put Nancy with David and uh put Agnes yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's a small advantage and uh I it's a bit more uh more comfortable, actually. Um. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Very good. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, probably Mm-hmm. Yeah. So Agnes has worked Mm-hmm. They they have worked together on, so this makes some sense. Um at yeah, I mean Yeah, as far as I know I think it's probably quite a good uh uh good match. First one should be Maria, but it's still uh one and a half. Okay, let's switch uh Mm-hmm, yeah. Mm-hmm. I'll just uh Yeah. Mm yeah, I I don't think Yeah, so s s okay so since we are supposed to do a final proposal. Sorry, uh let me move the printer um next to the photocopier. Okay. And we'll find some way to um, well, attach it to a wall or something like this. Yeah, I think so, yeah. Um okay, so that's the uh mm-hmm. Uh I don't think we can put visitors in the lounge, it's uh Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's Mm-hmm. How how would it be to put the lounge in one of the smaller offices? Like in, well, in in one of the one person offices? W I I know they are actually quite uh quite demanded, so um I th I think, Susan, you are very happy with this solution, so okay. In Gisell Yeah, it's probably too small. Okay, yeah, doesn't work. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay, let's be innovative. Um. Mm-hmm. But the problem is it it has been decided by everyone and approved by the school that we we need the lounge, so I I think it's simply not No actually, uh I I'm sorry, it's uh yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh. Okay so so how do we split the room? This one. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. So Yeah. But what about if people want to have a small discussion in the lounge? Well, not the newspapers, because no scientific articles. Journals. Uh-huh. Yeah. So you would like to put it, yeah, within yeah, and then who who yeah. Yeah. Yeah okay, but then that means that we'll put the lounge on the right side, uh here. And uh here we'll put two places for visitors. Three. But that means the office will be at least for the moment empty. That looks very bad. Okay, so that could take the the free place over there. Uh I mean Yeah, I think okay, so we need what, two, three positions and one new person arriving, X_ or something like that. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And and where is the lounge? No okay, no way. I'll I'll have my head cut off if we don't have a lounge. So uh No no no no, let's do the lounge corner. Okay. At least. I mean otherwise I cannot really defend it, because it it was agreed and we cannot just come back on every every decision we made. Yeah, I think so, yeah. Okay. Well, let's have the visitors first. Okay, so what we need is a new and two. So I think we can put, what, Maria or Yalina? I don't want to separate them really, but uh Oh. Mysel, I don't like that office actually. Um so I was thinking to put here Yeah, now. so it's either Y we could put the visitor with you, Martin, but it's probably okay, let's try le let's try this. Uh let's try Maria here. Oh, you don't mind? Perfect. No no, we'll put a visitor place in there. If you don't mind. Uh I think it's Paola. Yeah. Um. Yeah, could be. If Yeah. Mm-hmm. No, I I would prefer you, I think. Okay, let me keep you. Okay, we'll put Paola and a visitor here. So Paola is the new person. And a visitor, uh vis. Is that vis one? And then we'll we'll still have probably some way to put a second visitor here. Vis two. Oops. Sorry, it's not very nice, but Does this display better? I think it's not bad. Yeah, don't put her alone. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. No, but we said that we won't discuss or maybe if we organise some kind of, you know, coffee at the end of the day, or a drink, then the two people will stop working. I don't know, maybe they won't be happy. Okay then, Martin let let me put you in that office and I'll put Paola with me. No? So Martin goes where? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's true. Okay, so let's put Maria in the separate office. And we have Paola. Oh sorry, what were you thinking? So who is with Maria here? Okay. Yeah. And no visitor? Yeah, but that means that this room, the middle one, would be quite empty. All the I mean, two visitors and the fifty per cent pers person, I don't think it's very uh reasonable. Yeah, but let's split them a little bit, so that when there are no visitors, at least people are Yeah, I think so. So this goes here goes visitor two. Paola is there. Here goes visitor one. And is this better? Except that we cannot read it, but apart from this Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Let me call this visitor one, which implies that uh it will be the first one occupied by a visitor when they come. And this visitor two which means it's like a, well, you know, second uh second chance. Or we could. What would this change? Mm-hmm. Oh yeah, very good. Yeah, so maybe in the long run we'll get a wall. Uh-huh. Al although there are three windows, but um okay. So where would we move David to Maria Da with Maria. Do you have any preferences, David? Um. Well, he already is mixed. So, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't put the two visitors in the same room, because when there is no one it makes a big hole, and when there are two people, so it makes too many variations, but Yeah. Mm-hmm. You prefer that too, Susan? Okay. Okay. Oops. Sorry. Uh what did we say here? This one. Yeah, my uh Okay. Well, I think that was really decided and it's it's no we no, because, actually if we do a proposal without a lounge, and, you know, the other group will Yeah, exactly, and that means that all the constraints that we said and uh all the other things just, we we well, just basically disappear. Uh-huh, which means we've worked for nothing. Okay. Uh what's what's wrong with this? Okay. Uh, I don't. Oh, you have to go, Susan? Okay. Yeah, well, we are almost done, Susan, but uh we we'll we'll just check the the items. Yeah, please. Okay. No problem. Yeah, we we'll just review the items to see is we look at all the constraints and then you'll be able to say the final uh yes or no. Um. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think that's okay. Yeah, we checked. Uh. I don't think so. No. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's a bit yeah, that was the point in letting David there and but okay, maybe we'll just leave it as an option. David or visitor one or two. It's uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. So we'll know that uh that the region actually around here is probably movable. Yeah, either, yeah, we can switch Maria or Paola or David. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, no, exactly. Yeah, tha tha yeah, that's why I always try to put the to separate the visitors, just to balance a little bit. But okay, we'll uh, we'll be open on on that point. Yeah, it will become Mm-hmm. Or it depends also on well, if Yalina stays longer or not, which is not yet very clear, but um Okay, w we'll see. Anyway, we'll we'll be open. Mm I don't really know, I think her master thesis is probably due um no, I would say, yeah, maybe June next year? At the latest. Yeah. Actually I don't know, unfortunately. Well, we we won't have any extra meeting, well, the four of us, so, yeah, this one has to to be the the final one. Um so um we'll we'll have actually I I'll present this to, well, with the other, I'll compare it with the other one, and uh try to make a decision actually. I think it's even uh a bit later, or in two days, or something like this. Again, okay. We yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. W we can leave it like this and then Uh, yeah, there will be names on the doors. So she'll be a visitor. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, we'll we'll keep it like this. Um okay I, well, I'll try to to express all these constraints and uh and say in particular that the two rooms over here actually are sort of uh, well, s things could be changed over there, but on some other sides Yeah, the visitor space, yeah, I'll uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, uh that's true. And Well, I think this I I'm not very sure, but I think this will be done after the meeting, when okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. A as far as know I think Agnes is also taking care of a proposal so okay, yeah, I'll circulate this. Perfect. Yeah, exactly. Okay, so maybe we'll learn some more constraints. Um okay. Um yeah, actually as I as I told uh Martin um, well, this is the last time we meet, so uh this is, well, more or less our proposal, and uh we'll have a meeting, I think, it's uh it's in two days or something like that. Uh to discuss and compare with the other proposal and uh, well, make a final decision. Actually, probably a pre-final one, since we'll have to check again with everyone. But uh Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, so actually I think, I I'm not very sure, but the most important thing is, well, finding out when we will move and this happens in probably, I think, next month or depends also on how, well, the uh the furnishing and uh well goes on.. No. Um. Oh no no no. No the roo the the building is very no actually I've seen it. Uh the building is very modern and uh you can have actually we'll get them activated, yeah. A and I think you get at least th yeah, three per room. So uh or probably more than that. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sometimes he needs two two computers. Yeah, no this this. Hmm. Oh no, unfortunately that's decided by the uh the school, so the the chairs are blue, the the desk is uh is brow, well, light-brown. And uh Uh, normally it's done automatically, except that we'll have to think Yeah, uh well, these are dictated by the names. Uh it's probably more difficult for the lounge. What we'll have is have a bit less furniture in the lounge and then bring all the, well the old it's not old, because we just bought it, but uh all the furniture from the previous lounge we'll we'll bring it here. Uh. Well, it's the faculty that will take care of uh Yeah, yeah, I think yeah, i I mean it's a completely different issue from uh, you know, arranging people. It's just uh how the moving will take place. And there are things to to take care of, but uh it's uh quite unrelated with these things. Yeah, we'll get uh we'll get all the information. Uh thinking about internet connections, I think it's quite okay for the the for the the printer to be there. Yeah, I think it's i it's feasible. We'll we'll check. So the the violet box here is uh uh our mailboxes also. Um not at the sixth floor. Yeah, yeah no not not in the building for the moment. I mean not at this Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, I think it's a bit off topic already. So um let's say that i it's a proposal. We'll try it I'm, well I'll try to to express the the constraints and uh your opinions and uh well, I think, finally everyone can veto something if there is a huge problem, but I think with this we we don't run into huge problems. Yeah, obviously. So let me save this. And thank you for spending all this time. Hope you're all happy.