Hi. Hi everyone. I haven't. Mm-hmm. Yes. So who who has what? Actually maybe um Uh-huh. What do you have, Mirek? Uh-huh. And I have a uh well just a a piece of paper with some suggestions. What about you, Denis? Uh-huh. should we start with the two presentations maybe? Yeah? Mm-hmm. No, I haven't seen it. Um. Mm-hmm. So w what what is this s the second image on the slide? Is it the the poster or Has a s it has a strange format, um horizontal and uh so it's one two three four five six. Mm-hmm. So it means restricted. Uh-huh. Yeah, because your table is only the nineties, yeah. Mm-hmm. Well W w No, no, actually if you look at your tables, I think it's a sort of uh well average between number of votes and and and uh yeah the the rating or th the marks, because there are in you table you have uh things that have very few votes but still are ranked quite high, for instance number twenty four, which has only four thousand votes But um yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's just the search is compensated a bit for the number of people, I I don't know actually. Because if you have just ten votes and yeah probably are not in the database. But yeah, anyway it has excellent votes. Haven't seen it, but Mm-hmm. Oh. Yep. Mm-hmm. The last sentence from the movie or oh. W Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So these guys were actually nominated, so the the bottom part of your slide, actually, it says yeah, so these are the best awards they had. Okay. Too bad. Well there is just one winner, so. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah, I think your table is very clear Denis. No, I haven't. Yeah. W what is the name in French, 'cause Uh-huh. Uh yeah. Yeah. Well, actually your third slide has the plot, so uh. Yeah. Oh yeah, exactly, yeah. So yeah, this guy is jailed, okay, uh-huh. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't seen I heard about it, but Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. Um I think there was a celebration of uh sixty years from the liberation of the camps, actually. Because they were liberated beginning forty five and uh yeah, it's not bad, and it's also I think it's a good idea at at least from my point of view it's coherent with the previous films, like history, im major events. I don't know if we want to keep this coherence, or change radically, but maybe yeah, that's yeah, I think it's a drawback uh. Well, of the seventeen eighties. Yeah. Maybe it's representative of a style of the eighties, I don't know. As for Amadeus, but uh that's I don't know. But Yeah, hard to tell. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's funny actually um because on your on your slides actually the ratings are eight point seven for both. No they have the same, Usual Suspects and Pulp Fiction, both are at eight point seven, but on Denis's table uh this one is at eight point six. Who knows, maybe people voted for it, yeah. Could have changed in the meanwhile. Though with one hundred and thousand votes, it shouldn't change too much. I mean, given the number of votes, I wonder but anyway, it's m it may change I think, yeah. Okay. Wow. That's encouraging. No. Haven't. Uh I I've seen very few movies from the list, about ten out of the first fifty. Okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I've seen it, this one. I I like it very much. I've actually seen it Well, it's plenty of well known songs and, you know, the twist thing and Oh I would keep it as a candidate, but I don't know, I think for the moment m m guess most of these are candidates, so we'll try to. Yeah, we should probably vote after everyone Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No. I you you recognise them, or you can read the the text on the images. Oh okay. Huh. Very well. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Okay. No, yeah, so probably not uh So Who is in prison, actually. Yeah. No no. He tries to decrypt the the the other killers' behaviour. Yeah. Well, not very nasty ones. Or does he, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, that's basically the point, yeah. Mm-hmm. So on the picture you can see uh Jodie Foster and uh ha ha. Th th The Moth. Anthony Hopkins. The other one, I don't remember. We don't see any h see him very often. But it's Mm-hmm. Yeah. But the plot is quite horrible. I mean the not the plot, but the what the the active killer wants to do is quite horrible and Mm. Okay. Yeah, I've seen it. I think I've seen it a second time on T_V_, but maybe not entirely. They're much too young. Indeed. I haven't seen it, but I would like to see it, so. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it's not very violent, really. Ah okay, great. Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah. Uh-huh. And what about the well that picture with the the girl and do you see naked people in the movie or is it about sex or something like that? Ah okay. Supposedly. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think it's a mixture of bringing new things to them, but also making them enjoy the show, so that they come to our movie club, so yeah, I think we shouldn't maybe do very mainstream movies, but well okay, the list here is quite uh Yeah. Yeah, I think also if you look at the number of votes here. Uh Yeah. Uh regarding the Denis's table I would say given that this site, I don't know if it's mainly American, but uh I would say that Yeah, I think mm yeah, it's English speaking anyway, so uh though so Yeah, but if you look at Yeah, but I would say mainstream are the ones that have more than, whatever, sixty thousand votes, and you can see some more, well, confidential films that have like ten thousand, twenty thousand, like mm Princess Mononoke, twenty thousand and uh, whatever, the the Kieslowski at eleven thousand, the Trois Coleurs Rouge. Yeah, it's not bad at all, yeah. So yeah, anyway, if you want a definition of mainstream or whatever. Mm-hmm. Yep. D uh Danish I think, it's the Dogma movement. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, let's uh Yeah, so it's uh actually I have made I have made photocopies. I have them Denis, so it's all for you. Actually I I tried to propose just one movie with some alternates. Uh you want one? Um so my proposal, which is only a proposal, would be to to keep the focus on um uh more or less history and action, so Lawrence of Arabia was, okay, about this guy during the first world war, so it happens, okay, outside Europe and the States, but uh it's a piece of history. Uh Apocalypse Now it's uh Vietnam, if I'm um correct and, okay, Amadeus, that's much uh much earlier and it's not about it's not violent, which is a nice thing I think. But um given that we would like a movie from the nineties, I thought the Saving Private Ryan oh thanks for projecting the document um would keep this more or less this theme of uh history and war and action drama, while showing actually a very new and I would say humanistic view on on war. Because it's it's not like the sort of glorification of uh, you know, the good guys that that uh well go against the Nazis, but uh it's uh it's well the plot actually if you don't know it It's about people looking for just one soldier, in fact it's um it's about a a family of four brothers, who actually three of them get killed during the war in these days of forty well, I guess summer forty four and the uh well the government decides that they need to get back the fourth brother just to save one member of the family. And this this guy is Private Ryan. So the movie is not about killing the Germans or whatever, it's about saving at least one guy from a family, so but of course the the setting is during the war and um it's very realistic and uh very dramatic in fact. It's um it's not at all a glorification of war but it's just uh it shows a bit uh the violence of um of the things. And especially the the beginning is uh I think it's great, it's it's very violent, but it's it's an image of of war. It's uh Yeah, but I think if mm well if you compare it with It yeah, it's the landing, and actually every more or less everyone gets killed and Oh I I didn't know, but yeah, actually it's very well filmed and it's very realistic, and I don't know if you compare with, I don't know, in Lawrence of Arabia I think they have some battles and camels. I know it's very nice, someone falls somewhere there and, well you know, it's like battles that look nice, but this one doesn't look nice, and I think it's uh it's also maybe representative of the nineties, you know, people starting to get the more uh realistic view of uh of of war. But it's true, it's it's a bit violent, and so what I put here it's a bit long too, it's nearly three hours. But uh I don't know, Apocalypse Now is quite long too I think I don't remember. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So it won uh five Oscar prizes, uh best director for Steven Spielberg, um best cimena cinematography, etcetera. Uh I don't know. Oh. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Um okay, so um yeah, that's that's the point, it's it's a bit grey, and actually if you look at my second page, uh in the trivia I found out that in fact they uh actually reduced the the colour saturation of the movie, just to make it look maybe a bit like the documentaries from the time. Yeah, I was very surprised to find this uh it's They they turned back the colours for uh Yeah. Yeah. So this uh fact number two I think obviously for I mean technical people like us is uh is is is quite funny. So yeah, so I I mean these four points could serve also as an introduction if you want to talk f fo for fi five or ten minutes before the movie, I don't know, in in the room. So uh yeah, mm so tha this would be my candidate, but I'm very much open to Mm-hmm. Yeah, on th on yeah, on the picture actually yeah, it's Tom Hanks. In fact you you don't see uh Private Ryan until the end more or less, or you see mm because they they're looking for him, yeah. Mm-hmm. No, Tom Tom Yeah. Well the caption says Captain John Miller, so. So i if you look at the caption um yep. So he's uh he's Yeah, so the Private is just a simple soldier actually. Yeah. Uh who, Private Ryan or no no, they find him actually and they send him back to the family, but the Captain dies actually, Tom Han L Oh yeah, it's Private Ryan, yeah, remembering at the beginning. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, exactly, yeah, he dies unfortunately. So yeah, there is sacrifices and Mm-hmm. Oh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, the German. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I mean yeah, it has a moral dimension all over the movie, you know, saving the individual and the guys. So yeah, I I don't know. I don't know how many people have have seen it, well among you, well most of you actually. Oh all, okay, all of us. So maybe th people know it quite well. Yeah. Okay, so yeah, so I have some other candidates, um it's on first page at the bottom. Uh I also put Pulp Fiction, uh The Silence of the Lambs and I also, well, sort of included La Vita e Bella, but I know we're an Engish movie club, so I guess it's um it's a bit out of purpose. But it Oh it's uh it's about again about the camps and the Second World War. So it's about uh a family of Italians which uh g arrives into a a death camp, and in fact it's treated in a more or less humorous mode, so um the father tries to hide from i from his boy that they are in a death camp, and it's this very strange mm well, not really humour, but relation between the uh how Well the boy gets saved, but the father dies. Yeah. So I don't know i it created some controversies I think, because people said you shouldn't do any form of humour related to the camps, but it's very very moving, so I think it's anyway um Italian, so. Yep. Yeah. Okay uh Denis. Haven't seen it, but uh I heard it's very funny. And I've seen some other films by by the Coen brothers. Yeah, which is in your table. Um the last one was the one with Catherine Zeta-Jones uh. Crue crue Yeah, something about cruelty or very funny. A movie or a novel? No, but they say that Raymond Chandler wrote the novel. You see, it's the the last but one paragraph on your second page. I think so. Mm. Um Y you wrote the paragraph on the poster? Okay. Could be edited a bit. Yeah. Yeah, there are two Lebowskis in the film. Mm-hmm. Yeah, there should be a reference there. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's probably a bit dark for a poster, but otherwise it's very nice. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh okay, it's a dream. Okay, sounds a bit crazy. Yeah. Hmm. Uh-huh. Yeah. I like it because it's not so dark, so the images are a bit um brighter. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Wh what about a brighter background, because this one, I don't know how it would show on a wall or something like this. It doesn't really catch your attention. 'Kay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, the content was very good in the second one. Th Yeah, all this information is very good. Mm-hmm. Oh or just one of them. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. W I I would suggest if it's not too long, maybe each of us could nominate one or two movies. We make a list and then we vote. What do you think? So who wants so, Mirek, what do you nominate? You are? Okay. In the nominees, okay. Another nominee? Okay, Agnes, Usual Suspects. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well you can nominate one or two, so that we or whatever. Um I would nominate, well okay, my candidate, Saving Private Ryan. And uh I'm happy with your nominations too. Uh I would nominate also Pulp Fiction, because it's a very good movie. Um Denis, so your yours is already nominated, but you want Yeah. Okay, so it's already on the list. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if you want. So so we have uh seven candidates. Um if you have a good short term memory that should be okay. Yeah. So uh Big Lebowski, Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, Schindler's List and Silence of the Lambs. So now let's vote. Should we vote just for one film or should each of us say give Okay. So Big Lebowski Alright. Uh you can write on your paper maybe. And Saving Private Ryan. So Yeah, Pulp Fiction, yeah. Okay, so each of us chooses one to eliminate. Okay. Denis? Okay. I will just remove it this way. Um um I would remove Schindler's List because it's too sad. Well, it's not very good reason, but Oh, too bad. No, no. Well I mean leave someth okay, so we're left with The Big Lebowski, Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan and American Beauty. Okay, so let's vote just simply for one, for the moment. So I would vote for American Beauty, because I haven't seen it. Um so Mirek, Big Lebowski. Agnes, Denis? Uh yeah, you can choose. Y you're the president maybe after all uh. Okay. Yeah, I think I'm quite fine. Is it a b yeah, I think at least it's funny and uh that's nice. Okay. So. Decision. Mm-hmm. That's your fault, Mirek. No, no, no, I mean yeah, it's you voted for it. But I'm quite happy with it, I haven't seen it. Well, beginning of May I guess, to choose the film for May. Is that Yeah, the fifth is um Ascension. What's that, going up to the sky? Yeah, we can do it like the Tuesday before the Ascensions and that's May third. So yeah. So thanks for the posters actually, Denis, they are very nice. Okay. See you on what, April twenty sixth, or what's the mm twenty ninth. Okay.