No no it's the opposite. And I also checked with uh Maggie and Pierrette. Great. Come now, it's not full over there. No uh no. And and I and I went over and I looked at that room, too. There's plenty of space for four people. Yeah. Ah. Exactly. Yeah. Mm. Well just t just to uh uh complete uh, I talked both with Maggie and Pierrette and both of them are happy to share offices. They have no problem whatsoever. Uh they're they're easy, but uh could be uh as Pierrette has right now, that she cou she is happy to continue to share with uh Marianne, uh and and Maggie, for example, to share with uh it could be with Bruno, because they work on the SwissTra together and they like to gossip together, so. People who don't turn off their phone in a meeting. It's fantastic. Yeah. Yes. No yeah. Yeah, why not put the printer out in the hallway? It is there enough space there for a photocopy and printer. The photocopy is a bit big. Well, I've a question. What's the justification for giving Nancy her own office? Mm doesn't help, yeah. Well, Gisella will not be very happy about that uh. We tried that and Gisella really didn't like to have a printer and people in and out all the time and uh Uh remember Andrei, that was uh yeah yeah. Lot's of phone calls. Yeah. Earplugs uh whatever. So, yeah, you have to show us which one you were talking about David, we didn't Ah the centre room. Uh he wants to mix sexes. Andrei did you ask these people if this was okay with them? Yes. Yeah, but Agnes is also working with David, so Yeah, but there's Yeah, but that doesn't mat that's not important. There w one question I was wondering about though, 'cause three is always uh well the more people in a office uh the less ideal, that wouldn't it maybe be better to put David in, since he's only half-time. So that way, then there's not three people all the time. Yeah. Uh no. Uh Maria is Maria is the closest, but she's still not uh uh yeah. No, because don't forget we already have somebody coming in uh January. At least one person. Yeah. Or we make four space in the three people rooom. Yeah. Yes, yes. That's an excellent idea. It's too small for a uh yeah. We put it the the furniture that we got for our reading room, we put it into the other half of the three person room. Would that fit? A little divider of some kind. Well not just newspapers. But also to read articles. Mm-hmm. It's not a visitor. It's a a new p p full-time person arriving in January. No, that's where we're gonna put the lounge. Well for No no no no, we we have to Yeah yeah yeah. No, there's no space. The lounge is in the free space. After all that we went through to get the budget for it, we really have to uh No, wait a minute, yeah. No, we are not gonna keep Marianne in a three uh person place uh, just having Marianne in the lounge. Yeah. But wait a minute, then Andrei has a two person office all for himself. Yeah. Wha what's what's her name again, Andrei? Paola. Okay. Martin goes back to Andrei. Um Paola well, Paola being new, I I think it would be better to put her with somebody else. No no put why not Maria or Yalina? Martin stays. Maria's. Well, we have Uh yeah. No, the rooms have to look like they're sort of occupied uh. Oterwise, we might uh lose room or two. This is always the game. No, but but look, Martin, it's quite a long room, it has two doors Yeah, the occupancy is better that way. Because there is regular there is regular occupancy, yeah. We won't be very credible. I'll be right back. I I just need to see somebody. Sorry, yeah. No, because there is another person right now, a student that I just uh um hired. And she's just working right now for uh for November and December, yeah. A she uh she's a she's a real visitor. She's a real visitor that I just made a contract for her for two months. Yeah. What's the timeline on this now? So you have a meeting when? Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. How many connections are there per room? No, get the uh for the the bigger rooms you get double for every workplace you get two lines. Yeah. Yeah. No, because lots of people have, you know, they have a Sun and they have a a PC, so Well, we have to say how many places that we want to have. Yeah, they'll just give us a date when The well, there is downstairs in the building and pretty soon the whole building will be covered. Yeah. Yeah, but right now in uh downstairs it's fine. Some people can pick it up on sixth floor. But pretty soon the whole building will be covered. Yeah, okay.. Yeah.