Uh I guess I start with my presentation. We had two groups of people working on this. So we'll show you two slightly different presentations. Feel free to ask any questions or comments, obviously. Um the first one was done by myself, Bruno, Marianne and Nikos. And the rationale that we have, I'll show you the layout in a second, was that full professors would get private offices. Administration is close to the professors offices, so it's easier for the secretary to speak to everyone. The fax is in the administration office, since it's mostly used by Gisella, who's the secretary. For noise reduction purposes we've moved everyone who has office hours together, and we've also put the network printer and the photocopier in the hall. Um, so I'll just show you how that works. Basically, you can see Gisella sort of there in the middle with the fax machine, and Maggie and Susan, who are the two full professors in our department have the private offices. And the photocopier and the printer are sort of in the hall on the side there across from mailboxes. Um, just to go back, most people are grouped in projects. And we have two fifty per cent people who are half time in Geneva, half time at the E_P_F_L_ in Lausanne. And they m them we've put in three person offices, so that in the three person offices it's not constantly three people. So there's a little bit of give there. And the reading room, or the lounge as some people call it, that we have is in a central position. So basically we've got Andre and Nancy at the top. Um they don't actu they will be starting a new project together, if um if I'm not mistaken. Like I said, Susan and Maggie in the individual offices. Nikos and Yalina, who work on the same project, at the bottom. The reading room is in the middle. Um, Marianne and Bruno are at the bottom. Um, as well, Marianne works closely with Pierrette and the other Marianne. We have two Mariannes in our department. And David is a half time. So as I said, the half times are in the three person offices. And on the other side we have Maria, Martin and myself, who all work on the same project. And Martin is fifty per cent. Um Gisella, we've given her two person office for two reasons, one is because there's a spare place there, so if we want to put a stagieur or someone who just comes in for short period of time, we figured it was okay if they were in the admin office which is a little bit noisy, because they're only there for a short period of time. Um, and again the proximity to the other offices. Um so I guess that's pretty much it for our proposal. Um I don't know if you want Andre to go through his first or if you have any questions for me. She's It's Do you wanna explain how it it works or Martin is fifty per cent. Pierrette, there's two sort of statutes of professor. I guess you could say where there's Yeah. There's a professeur d'ecole and the But the idea is Maggie and Susan are sort of the senior um professors on staff so they got the the individual offices. Um the department will obviously be growing, but there are some people who only work part time, there's some people who are doing P_H_D_s or master students, who won't necessarily be there for a larger extent of time. So for example, Yalina and the Finnish Marianne are master students for right now, so whether they decide to stay and do a P_H_D_, we're not sure yet. Um, Nikos is working um as a researcher. So for him it's the same thing. There's I think the only constant people are Susan, Maggie, Andre, um Gisella, Pierrette, um and all the rest are either P_H_D_ students or master students. And again Martin and David are half time with the E_P_F_L_, so that's project dependent as well. Unfortunately, we haven't been given as much space as we would have liked, but that's always the case. Um, Susan wanted a private office, she has a preference for private offices. Other than that, no one really had any tight constraints from what I've heard. No one's explicitly said that they needed to avoid anyone else. Um Yeah yeah yeah. No, they were fine with it, so And they're both nice views. Yeah, they're windows, yeah. Or sorry, the thick lines are windows actually. We have fairly big windows in the room, yeah. So there's lots of light coming in. And one of the reasons for putting the reading room where it was is that you have a lot of light coming in, so if people just go somewhere to sort of relax and have a quiet place to sips sit, they have a lot of light and Yeah yeah. Yeah, well I mean it depends if you like looking out over the old town and the cathedral. That sort of goes both ways, but, yeah, we've got two mountain views, sort of on that side, that side, and then the last part looks on the old town. Because we're on the sixth floor, you can actually see everything, 'cause I don't think buildings are much higher than was it, six or eight floors? Yeah. The purple thing is the mailboxes. And those are fixed, we can't do anything about those. So Um, r We don't have anything like that. If we can get stuff like that, it might be a good idea. Some people might like them. At the moment we have people thre sharing like three people in a room, without any partitions and it's a little bit noisy, but people sort of get used to it and admittedly it's mostly assistants that are stuck in rooms like that, so it's junior people, but Well, do you want to do your presentation and Okay. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But realistically we don't actually have that many visitors coming in. I've been here for almost two years, and we've had a couple of stagieurs, but that's it. No, for a professor, yeah, but Oh, in a way, if that's your argumentation, then put a visiting person with a senior researcher, at least, if not a professor, rather than two students. If you're gonna argue that the visitors are supposed to be important and they should have their own space, then put them with another researcher, rather than two students. Fairly regularly there's at least one or two people in there. I mean it's a Yeah. It's a fairly new thing in the department, but it's being used pretty regularly or something that a lot of people wanted, just sort of quiet space out of your office that doesn't have the office furniture, the office chairs, it sort of has comfortable sofas and armchairs and things like that, where you can just go and relax, and or if you wanna read something for a longer period of time in a more comfortable environment. And because we do a lot of reading and things like that, it does get used fairly often. We sort of have an open policy where if there's no one in there and you want to have a discussion, then that's fine, but you can't displace people who are in there reading, just because you want to have a mini-meeting or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, they're Yeah. Which is sort of why in our proposal we had it completely as a separate room. So if you really want peace and quiet, you shut the door and when the doors are shut, like unless someone's making noise right outside the door, it really is fairly quiet. Mm-hmm. Mm. I mean, suppose if the need really arises and it comes to a point where we do have a lot of people, then you can get rid of the lounge, figure out what to do with the furniture, either distribute it between various offices or put it into storage somewhere. No no no. No, this is something that it started off sort of as a discussion at the coffee table, where people were complaining that sort of in the middle of the afternoon they just wanted somewhere to go off and no have some quiet time and That's where it came from. There are bookshelves in there, but it's not really a library, 'cause everyone At the moment, everyone has a bookshelf in their office and we just go in and borrow books from everyone else. It's more really about having a comfortable place to sit um where it's not an office environment, it doesn't look anything like an office. So it's just Yeah yeah, and people can come w in with their stuff or leave a newspaper or a magazine lying around for other people. We've got a bulletin board where you can paste up articles that you think are b interesting for other people, but I d Well she shares an office, so Which is why we were thinking that it wouldn't be a problem to s keep her with a spare person, because that's the w the situation it is right now, and if you're a stagieur and you're coming, and you don't necessarily expect to have a full-blown office, if you are only there for about two months. Yeah. Gisella has a fixed schedule for when she's there, but David and Martin are sort of they f it fluctuates. Like they can't say that they'll be there Monday, Tuesday and half of Wednesday, and not the rest of the time, which is part of the problem. I mean, they can't s specify when exactly they'll be there. So our rationale for putting them in a three person room is is that it doesn't matter when they're there and whether they're there for certain hours or not. It's just either there's two or three people in those rooms, and sometimes there's less, sometimes there's more, because we also don't work fixed hours. It's not like we work, you know, nine to five or whatever. Everyone sort of keeps their own hours. Yeah. We have Pierrette and Marianne in the same Yeah. For visitors. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I think, because it's a fairly new thing, it's a little hard to say at this point. I think that most people like it, now that it's there, they sort of see the value of it and they wouldn't want to see it wiped out entirely, definitely. Yeah. And that's the danger is Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Sure. Either way. Okay well, since this one's up, keep this one in. Easily, go ahead. Mm-hmm. Double rooms. Mm 'kay. Pierrette and Martin? Mm-hmm. Here? Out There's two Mariannes, one is Swedish, one is Finnish. So we just call them the Swedish and the Finnish. Oops. No, both start with S_ but Uh, it was Bruno, right? Yeah. Mm 'kay. In here? Okay. Well for m Martin If you didn't mind working with Martin, we can switch Nancy and Martin here. Oops. Yeah. Ah. Wrong keyboard. So we can say that this is sort of for But then again you get the more formal visitor in with a bunch of students in a crowded room. Well, you can say that this one is for let's say stagieurs or interns. Um Yeah. Well you can move Maggie and Bruno into this room. Move Gisella, move the other spare place to the big room, but then there's not a lot of people in there. We're not terribly noisy, I think it'll be fine. Yeah. And I am too in common with Maria. And we work on slightly different schedules too, 'cause Maria and I tend to work earlier and Nancy tends to work later. So that shouldn't be a problem. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Sure. Um, so you want to do That's gonna back-fire on me. Yeah. And that's the problem is that you either get smaller desks, 'cause the ones that we have now won't fit. No. I think it's gonna be too much. Well, Maria is full-time. So just like that? Okay. I don't think she cares. Actu Bruno did mention that he didn't want to be in a room with a lot of people, 'cause he did that before and he didn't really like it. So maybe I don't know, I can switch with him, and we can put him and Nancy together. I don't mind, it doesn't really bother me. Okay. Yeah. Well, the gender balancing, we have more women than men in our department anyways so No. Okay? Do you see any constraints from any administrative sides? Good question. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So basically, we're moving into a new space, but it's only marginally better than the old one. Mm sure, yeah, we can do that. Mm 'kay. Sure. Okay. So I'll save that. Yeah. Okay. The final copy. I'll circulate it to everyone, along with the numbers that you guys wanted to see in terms of the space. Okay? Great, thank you for your time.