So we only get one printer for fifteen people? The three person room? Mm. Yeah, I w I would suggest that too. Yeah. Okay, so th that's a one person room, but we don't know how how big they are. Or it's hard to tell. I mean, Gisella has this funny uh typing uh thing. Yeah. Computer, fax. So probably sh she should get the fax, right? 'Kay uh will it be dedicated for reading and for studying or can we have meetings there. Can reserve it for meetings. Well, the the problem is if you have to go across the building and it adds some overhead every time you want to have some short meeting and discuss some issues. Or maybe we shouldn't call it reading room, but So people would like to see uh the office organised by uh by by rank like professors and students and Yeah, that's a good idea, yeah. Yeah. Everybody agrees on that, yep? How about how about this room? Yeah, at the bottom in the middle. With a view to the mountains, yeah. It has three windows so I think it's uh Two? O one two The the middle one. Two. Oh, the big Oh. Ah okay. Me too. Yeah, and you can look outside of the window if you have a sh quick meeting there. You know, quick meetings always get longer. I don't know. I was thinking of maybe we should assign Gisella into this three person office? Because w we will probably place the printer next to the mailboxes. Then we could have Gisella and the two fifty per cent people sharing the three person room. Well, th They're fifty per cent, yeah. Well, I mean it W yeah we could. We could. I mean, I don't know how noisy she is. It's uh Convenient for her, yeah. Okay. It's fine with me. Yeah, it's it's not the m Yeah, yeah. Y Okay, we should write this down. Do we agree that the that the photocopier and the networked printer goes next to the mailboxes? Yeah. What with I mean she is sharing an office right now and I Has anybody heard of any complaints that she's too loud or Okay. Yeah that's true. She needs spaces. Okay. Okay, so Gisella at this southwest office? Yeah, yeah, that that one, yeah. Oh right, yeah, that's southeast, yeah it's Yeah, this office, yeah. Uh yeah, I was just talking about uh here on the map. The three people room or You get lots of sun during summer, yes. Plus spare, yeah. We got For fourteen people? Yeah. So we are good. Alphabetically. Is is any Is there anybody who's not happy with the current situation, so we could try to just keep the same arrangement just on the new building? Okay. So, let's start then top to bottom: Maggie, Susan,. So how long is?