Not really. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Suzanne, for example. Mm-hmm. So what do you think for uh Susan and Maggie for example the the rooms for one person. Naturally.. Yeah, to I would say not together in a three it's quite a lo yeah, yeah. some. Just yeah. Yeah, it's quite dark. Yeah, it would be nicer. Finally, you think? Yeah, I agree, it's uh You you said that there is electricity. In the Well, let's uh how we can uh fill the three person rooms? Uh how we ge who we gonna put in the three person rooms? I mean we have now a two three person rooms left. And um Yeah, yeah. Mm, we do. Mm. So, where were we? Uh Pierrette, uh Andrei, Nancy? Yeah, why not? All two Mariannes or And you too, okay. So we need a Yeah, I'd like to have a view to the mountains, but well Yeah. Well that's that will do, but uh Yeah well f yeah, it's uh yeah, old town is as well as well yeah, that's alright. Yeah yeah. And that's good, because there are Pirette, Marianne and Nikos they are on the other side of the corridor, so it's yeah. Who is left um who And Yalina, Ya Yalina would be good. And actually she is working for the same project as well. With beautiful laughter. And anyway, Martin is just a fifty per cent.. Okay. That's all? How i how it looks like Yeah, you can Ah. Yeah, uh that was my question. Yeah, I mean with whom you'd you'd to with whom you'd like to work in the same office. I mean, is it important to have someone uh from the same project or um Yeah, we can skive. But you're gonna disturb all the people. We're gonna disturb all the people by skiving all the time. Yeah, that's for sure. With Yeah, I Yeah. I dunno you were saying that uh Maria and Nancy doesn't fit together in the same So what you say if you change the office uh, I don't know, and you work with Nancy or uh What do you yeah, I dunno. For example? Yeah. Sounds okay. What do you say? Sorry? No, what's bothering you? I thi I think And now you are you are changing your mind all the time. Yeah, but if you work with the people like Pirette and Marianne uh Well, at mm Uh well Pirette is having quite a unadvantaged situation, because there are Marianne and Bruno who are having uh reception hours. so it's gonna be a qui yeah, so it's quite a traffic there I would say. No. So well, of course, if they put uh The aim having a room room for reading or Yeah. people. Well, you can you als already speak quite well Finnish, so we might get along, yeah. Yes, I will.. It's easy for them to find the people. It only goes on Yalina. Yeah, we have to from the other side of the But well. Yeah, the people having students. Yeah, if we change the three people, Pirette, Marianne, David David with here and uh Yeah. We got it. W with the mount ah my mountains, yes I got the mountains. And bathrooms are nearby, yeah. Fifty per cent, yeah. Yeah, looks good. Yeah, I think too. I'm quite happy with it. Yeah. Yeah, but it's quite logical to have the for the professors one person rooms, I think. For the yeah. We can skive as you said. Yeah. Person rooms. Mm-hmm. And the projects they're they are quite well grouped actually now. And well Gisella she is kind of in the middle. Yeah, department. In the reading room, that would be good. Oh it's not, ah it's Yeah, good coffee. Yeah. Quite strong, strong good coffee. Uh yeah. Yeah.. If you late uh you work late, yeah. And you drink uh coffee, yeah. Is there actually a smoking uh area somewhere? Not for me but but we okay. We have the terrace still on the sixth floor or uh how how. No. Not at all. They have to go down, yeah.. Yeah, yeah. And Susan, Maggie as well. Yeah, I think it's okay. Let's see what the the other ones say. Three weeks. Okay. My boxes. Ah. Yeah.. That might be a good idea. Well, mai mailing lists. Of course, you can mail em yeah, if you have something. Ah okay, yeah a posters, okay. That's kind of thing. Yeah. Yes,. Or in front of the reading room or Yeah. Mm. No more special wishes. yeah, you know.