It's just that I need uh some some white paper. Uh yes. Um, hello? Yes, I did. Mm. Ah. No, but we're the clubbers, but Agnes, uh I was just wondering, uh I see uh I have here Denis's table, and when they say that it's the freshest whatever since Pulp Fiction, well that's probably not a very long time, because Pulp Fiction is ninety four and Usual Suspects is ninety five. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I haven't seen it. Really? Oh. It's it's hard to tell. So that's your impression. Yeah. That's mine, but uh Yeah. How many people voted for it, yeah? That's true. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Isn't violent at all in fact, or it's more like scary or Uh-huh. Scary or yeah, mm-hmm. Creepy or Mm-hmm. Have you seen it? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Ah. If we show it twice. Okay. So is Bruce Willis the child psychologist? Ah. Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's the guy who then played in uh Artificial Intelligence or something like this, mm-hmm. Great. Mm. Uh me neither. I thi So uh I was told that in French it was called uh Les Evadees. Yeah. Should we should we believe this? Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe even best picture, yeah. Mm-hmm. But yeah, indeed, it's maybe too sad and too, yeah, too poignant for Well Mm-hmm. Yeah, I've seen it too. Yeah it's it's very good and it's a bit violent, but it's also quite funny I think. It's a Mm-hmm. Yeah. the boxer. Pardon? Yeah, as the boxer. Uh Uma Thurman. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's strange, with so many votes that they can p shift. I mean statistically speaking it's strange. Mm-hmm. Wow. Mm. But it was that movie? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Not really in favour of this, but Ah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think, yeah, when yeah, I saw this movie some time ago and yeah, she looked quite young I thought. Ninety one,. Mm-hmm. Okay. Oh yeah, I've seen it, yeah. Yeah, it's a good movie, I um I don't know, maybe too well known, but since it's fifteen years old maybe people would li Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh again? Mm-hmm. I see. S mm-hmm mm-hmm. Ah, that's the girl who is represented on the the picture? You recognise her belly? Uh Oh so you recognise the rose. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, but didn't I mean I see this name of the the director on the slide, but I don't really know him. Frank Darabont? Never heard of this guy. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe. But it's true, yeah, we shouldn't stick to only very highly rated movies on this table. Though it's a very useful table, but um okay, do you want me to yeah. So yeah, uh I wrote some notes on um on Saving Private Ryan, which is my candidate. If you can display them it's perfect. Uh do you all have a copy of them? I have some paper copies. Uh you're welcome. So actually given that more or less our theme since the beginning of the year was um history, drama, action, and given also that, well, we decided to to present this month a movie from the the nineties, um I thought that among these movies, who look quite popular, uh Saving Private Ryan would be a very good candidate. Um actually it's a movie I've seen. Have you seen it before? Okay, so you've all seen it, so maybe everyone has seen it, I'm not very sure. Um but I think it's a very novel treatment of of war, it's uh it's no longer the b glorification of uh, whatever, combat and victory, but the plot is quite different, it's about saving one person who has a special special value in the in the movie um if only because his brothers actually were all killed, so uh the government believes that they should save at least one person from the family, and saving means actually removing from the the front, if you if re if you remember the plot. So in fact this guy, the Private Ryan is not at all the main actor, the the main a well, the main character is uh played by Tom Hanks and it's actually you can see his picture on the second page of my my notes uh Captain John Miller. So he is sent with this rather strange mission, which is not a combat mission, but they uh they want just to to get this guy back, which is in fact this guy is I think behind enemy lines or something like this. So it happens in in Europe, just after the the Normandy landing, and it's very very striking the way they they filmed all the the combat scenes and uh it's it's very dramatic, it's uh it's not, you know, like in the movies from the fifties or the sixties where people just fall and die anonymously, but here they well, you see everything and you see how many people die on that day. It's actually Well it's very strange, you could s ask this for any sad movie, did you enjoy it. Well I didn't really enjoy to see bad things, but uh I think it was satisfying to see that, well, how dramatic things are. Yeah. Exactly, yeah. I it's very moving, I it's true, it's not very it's not very, well, happy. I don't know how it would compare with Apocalypse Now, if it's darker or maybe Yeah. So yeah, so I think this would continue a bit our our theme. So the the movie is ranked quite high, if I if I refer back to your table it's number uh, what actually, um fourteen. Quite a lot of votes, so um also one of the the mainstream movies. Um on the second page uh of my notes I well I quoted some uh well some facts about the movie that I found interesting, we we could use them for either a poster or uh or a presentation. Um especially I enjoyed the story about the the colour saturation. It's true that the movie is not really black and white, uh but uh the colours are grey-ish, dark-ish, it it prov it makes a very moving effect. Yeah, I think also to show the um yeah, I think it's the reference to history and also this dark yeah the mood and uh things are actually well most of the things are quite grey, you know, the uniforms, weapons, things and things like that. Mm-hmm. Exactly. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well I think Matt Damon is the guy who must be saved, if I remember well, and in fact the die Well yeah, the people didn't understand why they should save one person. So and they are quite resentful, because they I mean they feel they should fight, they shouldn't just go there and uh just get someone and get back. And in fact some of them d get killed for this guy. Actually most of them, yeah, I think so. So Yeah, yeah. It's a very I think some people compare it with uh, whatever, Christian message or I dunno, but um I think it's quite quite universal and it's uh I think it's a modern, very modern Well this uh value of one individual, it looks like a Christian message, you know, the value of one is compared to others I I don't know I th I think I heard this at that point, but maybe I'm just wrong. So yeah, I I think it would make a coherent choice. It's probably a bit long and we might want something that is lighter and funnier, but uh if we want to keep this this idea of history and conflict and also to show some some kind of modern treatment of it, it it would make for a good choice. But if you see in my notes at the bottom of the first page I put some other candidate movies. Uh La Vita e Bella is an Italian one, but it's also about history and it happens at t the same period as Schindler's List. And I also quoted Pulp Fiction and Silence of the Lambs, um a bit more remote from the themes, but quite well known movies and enjoyable I would say. So do you have any questions about this, or should we just move to the next candidate maybe? Okay. It's just below the table, so since we all refer to the table Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, I think the summary is i is quite good, and especially I think it uh well mm when you read it you just want to go to see the movie. I think it looks funny for me. I haven't seen the movie, but uh the summary looks funny. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Actually, who are the two characters on the the p the poster, on the on the image that Uh-huh. And w and which one is the Big Lebowski on the picture? Okay, so the guy with the glasses. The Vietnam guy. Hmm. Well, sort of. Oh. Mm-hmm. Oh. Yeah, you cannot read it very well because Mm. Uh-huh. Yeah, the text on this one is very good. Oh because it's square. Uh-huh. Yeah, I don't like the black one. The f the first poster is I think much uh much too dark. No, that's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe two or three sentences, because I guess they won't stop in front of the poster. Yep. So layout of the first one and colours of the third one. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh okay. So the woman on the second picture, that's Julianne Moore or oh. Ah. Interesting. So it's not really violent or I mean the movie is quite for general audiences. Okay. okay. Huh. Well, at least voted for it. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, let's nominate first. And then we vote we choose from the list. Mm-hmm. Well I'll nominate the one I proposed, Saving Private Ryan, so history, war, drem drama. And I haven't seen it, but I would like to see it and I think American Beauty. If you if you think that our series okay, it's not about America, but uh still Apocalypse well, yeah. It's about countries. So, Agnes, Denis? So Denis, are you happy with our choices or would you like to add something? Mm-hmm. Okay. So what if we voted, say, like for first and second choice and then we count? You can give two points to one and one point to another one? Would you like this strange way to vote? Um okay so uh Oh yeah, um well it's uh well if I nominated two and I was the only one, I'll give two points to Saving Private Ryan and one to American Beauty. You don't want to finish, Denis. Then you'd better hurry. Okay. Okay. That makes the vote more complicated. Um okay, so I'll give um uh b um okay, two to The Sixth Sense and one to The Big Lebowski. I note that you didn't nominate a film, so you are sort of freer than us. Agnes? Okay, oh. American Beauty four, Big Lebowski three. So you have to redo the posters, uh? Mm. Mm-hmm. You mean the first poster, yeah. Maybe you can leave those. Oh leave Julianne Moore. Okay, I'm looking forward to seeing it, I haven't see it, so Um so we have to select the movie for May. So uh we'll try a movie from the two thousands. And we can meet at the beginning of May. So I think Monday is second? No, Monday is third already. Mm whatever. Okay. Yeah, how many people we got and uh Mm-hmm. Maybe some kind of movies that spans across periods. I think there is a Godard with a lot of um quotations from other movies or well let's see when we Let's cross the bridge when we get to it. Thanks, see you April ni twenty ninth, American Beauty.