I don't think they are concrete proposals. No. Yeah, this makes sense. Yeah. It's up to them I guess uh. Up to us? Well I mean they they can switch later. They can switch later. Pirette next? Who?. So I don't know, we spent quite some time at the last meeting and t to decide this, and now we are just Of course, but everybody had the documents before, so you could have studied them. So I don't think it's a good idea. Yeah, m W I I I don't mind going into this office. No. Oh, why not? Yeah? No. Maybe we can put Pierrette and her t two two P_H_D_ students into one room? Um yeah, mayb maybe the other one would be more convenient if we are all working on the same project. So we are close by. Mm. Agnes. Yeah. Why? Okay, w w why don't we move Maria to this to where to the office I'm supposed to be and I can go with Nancy? If you think that But is this about windows or is it about it it it must be functional. If you and Martin work on the same project then Yeah, we can each other, yeah.. I agree, but the setup is pretty good now. So Bruno is not on and he's sharing um office? Uh I'm not sharing somebody with I work on the same project, uh um, yeah. Martin and you, yeah. Yeah, what is it now? Bu s somebody has to be Well, will there be wireless in the building? I mean, if there are reception hours, so somebody could move to the reading room, and have people Well isn't this the case? Doesn't everybody has one? No?. Mm. No. Hmm? I have no problem with that. Um. Yeah, who does anyway? So maybe you and Bruno should take this office. Yeah, that's a good idea. And it's not very healthy either, yeah.. Mm. suggestion, if possible, we could move me and Yalina to the office where Andrei and Nancy are now. No, I I just it's just more convenient if I'm closer with my The partners of my project. She's the heart of the. It's not kitchen. Well it's it's ideal for Nancy, she is just very close to the lifts. Excellent, yeah. So when exactly are we supposed to move? Three weeks. So they've set up everything, wiring, uh internet, or what's the sta the status right now? S Well there are lots of walls we can put posters on. Yeah, we don't want to micro manage things, yeah. Can you mail a copy of that to everybody?