So yeah, we put this stuff on so that so that we have some record of the whole thing, what uh are going to say. And uh the whole idea here is says also put the lapel on. Uh the whole idea of this meeting is that it's not me who will be talking all the time. So so that would be a boring that would be definitely boring meeting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I so the p the actually the reason why we got together is that it's ab it's about the time to A_ make sure that when Petr leaves us uh I'm afraid it may happen, right. I mean it or did you didn't change your mind yet. Or your girlfriend didn't change your mind. So so that whatever he's whatever he's been doing uh is not uh forgotten and then people can stay on his shoulders and uh I hope that he won't get out entirely out of uh out of uh this problem. But still we we need to continue on this. So I think the Joel will be is is my main hope that he's uh he's going to pick up uh the key-word spotting and some of these ideas and also the reason why p uh I p uh uh Petr Motlicek is here is that Joel is also getting interested in uh OPAL models of uh tem temporal envelope. Yeah, and of of course Pet uh Petr for signals. So about it but Petr Motlicek too. Eh both of you you know. So but but but you will be here and from different point of view, eh. Petr Motlicek is working mainly on speech coding. Yeah, and uh so so this is um yeah, I guess this is it. So m I I guess that really you should be talking more than anybody else because you should be asking questions. Yeah. Yeah, I know. So what is it that you need to know. And uh Yeah. Oh this were ho how it started basically because that was uh Marios Athineos, yeah, and Dan Ellis. They had a paper, I believe it was not in ICASSP A_S_R_U_ or something, right. It was a A_S_R_U_ but that was a time when they weren't using very long uh uh uh d uh segments. It was like fifty millisecond or something what they were playing with at the time. Yeah, I know. So then i the story was that then uh Marios presented that at so some meeting and we realised oh, that might be cute thing uh for uh estimating uh spectral energies. Because that's what we want. And we'll the the way we've uh we are doing it is kind of I think it works, but it's little bit inelegant. somehow stupid, so so first do the frame by based uh estimate, and then you you get stick to hundred hertz sampling, ten millisecond sampling or uh something, and then you just pick up the trajectory. So so Marios was here for half a year maybe or even more uh, and uh started work with Petr who also j just came. So they were working little bit together, mainly M Marios was uh programming in MATLAB and Petr was putting it into fancy is yeah and uh but uh and but then we were hoping uh uh uh th to pick up on that little bit more, and we we did, right? You did a little bit of work. Yeah. Hmm. And we never published that anywhere, right? Huh. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. We were also doing a serious thing that we were stepping it by ten millisecond, right? At the time. Right. Yeah. Right. That was a reasonable start, yeah. Yeah. So you may be the only one in the whole world now. Because uh because Chi Fong is gone and uh and uh Barry is gone. So Morgan was joking no what he informed me they are gone from ICSI. Uh Chi Fong went to T_I_ and uh and uh uh uh B Barry is at Lawrence Livermore lab. He basically got a job. He he graduated. And he's he'll be working on things which he cannot talk about. He can't even say it on a microphone here I heard. It's uh i yeah, it's classified work typically. It's and so so jo Morgan was h only half joking. He was s somebody was asking him you were or so s or somebody was asking him something. Uh or there was uh there was uh Matthew and he said well, probably we'll be coming to ask you because nobody really knows anymore at ICSI. So please stay. Uh th nobody. That was Barry. And now it's uh cl close histo actually Brno is doing a a lot of that now. They picked up the software and they play with the and nets. So that might be that Brno will be at the soonest as uh a ultimate expert on on the whole thing. N n where which software? No, they ne Quicknet was done uh uh well Quicknet itself was done actually long time ago at ICSI. Is that so? Group? Okay. So we h have to treat him well. Well the whole idea then is that then you start playing with it, right? And you yeah, and Maybe that might be the On frame. Oh. He used to have before he lost all the data. But he will have it again.. Yeah. knows more than than than I do. S so that's good. But certainly when it comes to like uh the the OPAL modelling of temporal trajectories, even pe Petr Fousek is not here, you probably know a lot about it by now. No. That uh uh ap approximating Hilbert envelope by OPAL model. I a v a V_L_P_. Uh as as I say when you when you are not here, that that Petr Motlicek knows enough about it too, because same ap yeah, different uh application, different uh different software or something. If if you make a b broader bands. Because when the band is narrow, the c excitation is close the carrier is close to s sinusoid basically, co-sinusoid. You may almost want to dis uh um i b uh uh uh yeah, uh b use the white-board, I mean uh and uh that's why we have it here, right, so that I don't think so. I think no, we are wired. Except Pulses. This is L_P_. This is a standard time domain L_P_, right? But since you are in a different domain, this is he here we are in time domain, right. But but you are you are really in a frequency domain. So it uh the line's turning to into sines, right. And you p and since this this I mean because this thi this this spectrum is al has also line spectrum, right. I mean all components. So if you are then if we are in a frequency, th your source looks like this. And It's uh yeah, right. So you know that. And this is where And the biggest problem currently is that the carrier is actually not cosine but uh something little bit more uh uh interesting. And if the frequency doesn't change over the wa over over the lengths of the uh Yeah. Yeah. But but f f fortunately, because of he uh because of properties of hearing more or less, for the higher bands you if you put in just s some garbage, some noise, it doesn't really m w matter all that much. It w sounds little bit worse. But uh it's not a big tragedy. Uh where you really w if you want to g do a good voice speech, uh you'll want to get the lower bands correct. And if you put in uh noise altogether, it sounds like a whispered speech, uh but you understand perfect. By noise. So now we have to kill them both. Because I mean gave all the secrets away. I mean Qual computers is going to Yes. If Motorola or Nokia gets hold of this uh tape, then we are in trouble. Uh hopefully it by then it will be protected and and everything, right? It's it's uh it's but listen, this is a science. I mean it's uh confidential to the extent that we are not uh i uh publishing it yet. But we w we of of course we will. And uh and uh but uh we have to make sure that that uh if Qualcomm has a interest of who's funding the work the they have to have a chance to uh to to patent it or something. But that's about all. This is not a public uh public uh presentation. So this i is not even a problem. The only problem would be if but you know, nobody can beat p Petr uh Petr Motlicek anymore in I mean if even if if Nokia knows everything if you if you sell it tomorrow who did you work for th the uh uh text no, t H_P_ H_P_. They will take half a year before they would even realise what it is. And by then so it's not no problem. Okay. So that's where that's uh that's uh To get the uh When you comp uh w what you com when you compress the effectively they'll want the signal which we are modelling. And uh so then you get the fitting to compress signal. Essentially if you were in spectral domain you would compress the power spectrum. Here you compress the the th this th this i the what ful yeah of D_C_T_ of of the signal, right. And so the w then you have uh predictor is fitting actually this compress signal. But you know how much c it was compressed. So you can always expand it back so that you get the c that you get a fit to the to the original thing, except that if it is different. Because uh it ha th basically this OPAL modeling has a different properties. And uh it's So we can tell you a little bit more about it. This is an uh sort of old technique which uh it And it was my thesis even. P_H_D_ thesis actually. A small sorry? Yeah it was S_T_L_P_, was called spectral transform linear prediction. It was my first ICASSP paper ever. It was uh it nineteen eighty three Boston. You guys were still in kindergarten, right? Oh, this is terrible. So But no nobody nobody was using it for anything, except it was cute. But that was about it. And uh and but now it seems like that is since since what we are doing here we are normal L_P_C_ is fitting uh peaks, right. But when you are modeling Hilbert envelope, you don't necessarily want to fit only peaks. You sometimes want to get a basically good estimate of the of the envelope. So that helps you. Because in this uh thi thi this spectral transform allows you to to find the right balance between how well it fits peaks, how how well it fits dips and uh and yeah, and sort of the so this is g so I think that basically I don't know what else I mean you should be asking questions, right. So Yeah. SAPA. And then yeah this is a this they are two papers in uh one is in SAPA, one is in uh U_ Interspeech. uh in a c Cheju. And one was in the A_S_R_U_. It was from Virgin Islands. SAPA was a s I I tell you what it stands for, statistic and ad and something ad and uh perceptual approaches. I was on f I was on a f w s organising committee. I should know. But statistic and uh and something approaches. Uh pe perceptua and statistics and perceptual a approaches. That was uh But they are the same, right, as uh as uh and then also is there is some more work actually can be traced down. I think there wa uh the reading Les Atlas's papers are very good. Because Les Atlas is doing a lot of work on coding in this domain. He doesn't use OPAL model. But he uses D_C_T_ and then he p uh so the so so and it and Les is excellent guy. He's very good mathemat mm h very good theoretician. Basically he's a he's at Stanford the guy. And uh really he likes to write things well. So he's very rigorous uh as opposed to s to me for instance. So if you read that then it then you know that there are no errors and Yeah, uh but um so whatever you g whatever you get hands on from Les Atlas uh for over past five years uh regardi this two years ago, last year on one of the ICASSPs he had like five papers, right. Or various aspects of this because uh he's eager to Is that so? I didn't even see it. Yeah. Or Uh-huh. I don't To fill in, yeah, with all kinds of parameters. He has all kinds of speech recognition results, right. It was the first time you start using the cluster, I remember, or some uh some parallel processing. That was a big thing here. Everybody hated him for t uh temporarily. I remember. Uh-huh.. I yeah, I remember Frank came to me and says is everybody was computing like Marius, we would be all dead. But I say, Frank, but I want everybody to compute like Marius. And Well it is important, you know. Whereas I mean this is something which we never talk about, right. I hear it how much work uh does put in uh here. Because it's true it's true this that uh that things sped up tremendously since I came. I mean uh of course partially because they started to buy some more uh more hardware. But also be p some at least some people basically know how to uh uh write faster programs. Uh this is fantastic. And used to be two days, yeah.. Uh. So do you already know where uh what is the situation with you? You go back to Prague for a while. And then did you get anything in F in France? I got some ideas by the way. I yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Oh it's that's the that's the would be a pity, right. You you ca you t so you don't die of hunger. And so yeah. Yeah, that's not the idea. No. We'll we'll uh we will we'll try something, let's see what we can do. Um So Joel, your main basically thing is as I told you to t uh when we were walking that uh that what whatever Petr did, that it doesn't die, but it i it carries. And obviously uh v we very much hope that you get into that and you get excited and you do s more and uh or uh maybe even different things. But uh That it actually works. It's not that it doesn't work. Uh Yeah. Then And i and this and this is all on the record. So if we uh if uh if we you can hold him to his word. J ju you rewind. Browse through the meeting. Okay. How we doing time-wise? Yeah I think half hour it's fine, right? But you will be here until almost until end of uh Yeah. So breaks my heart. It's just like I was just start teaching and then I n I'll need an assistant. Hmm. Yeah maybe. Uh yeah. Uh d hopefully it's make m makes uh pay pay some extra. So we'll see. Either speech. Uh but it's co actually compilation of uh really compilation of two classes I was giving at O_G_I_, which is like speech processing and and uh perception. And so I tried to put it together so that it makes some sense. No. No. I've it's uh i it I should have at least four. Because this is a p like uh graduates. But I have one, alright. Guaranteed. I have one guaranteed that I don't know if anybody else is uh Uh uh Sorry? I s I don't know. I don't know if it needs to be four credit or not. I don't know how much I like people without uh n not taking it for credit because then they just sit there and having good time. But it's okay. No no, it's okay. Yeah. Guillermo is taking, very good. And so I'll I_S_ who already have at least two. If uh Yeah, we pro I probably get four. And uh it's possible. That's for sure. I mean that's Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, the notes notebooks. Uh-huh.. But that's good, you know. It's uh I didn't get into too many things actually. We know the reason was that at the time we thought I was teaching with Herve. And we thought I we have much more time. And suddenly we ran out of time basically because what happened was that uh it was supposed to be three hour lecture. But it was only two hour lecture. And uh Herve assumed that it's going to run longer. Or I don't know what he assumed. But suddenly we sa s he said well so so where are you. I said well I'm just slowly getting into L_P_C_. He said why but I we have only three more lectures. I have to teach H_M_M_ and everything. So I the L_P_C_ part was like I had to do it in one hour. And then everybody was c totally confused I guess. And Yeah, they were also confused. Yeah. It was at D_B_F_L_, yeah. But Oh we'll see. Okay guys. I think that um this unless somebody has uh still anything incredibly important Right, it's uh ju it's a little bit up to you. You have to p you have to back this uh uh ha h specially Petr. Because just to make sure that and yeah. Yeah. Do you think that you will be done by May? Is it plan? I think so. Yeah, we made a mistake, I tell you,. I think if I had to do it again and we made a mistake we should have register you here at E_P_F_L_. You would have had a degree by now from E_P_F_L_. Yeah, that was a mistake. Sorry yours You were or you were here t you were you were here how long you were here? Two years? Yeah. Where are the Yeah. Right. So is she getting uh uh another position there? Or what is the re reason of What a boyfriend, huh. Oh I see. So that's good. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah. Um okay, Otherwise I am also much more available than I was. I mean when you came it was just like cra one of the craziest uh uh times of this year. Uh uh it's not it's not that I was very productive, that I was doing anything useful. But it just like it's a little bit like writing thesis, all the time re-writing and change the do make a little changes and uh uh and Yeah, he's ver no he has many more sp many more people so to take care of. Yeah. Well I'm typically I try to be, because uh because, you know, I mean for s this is also my livelihood, right, students. So I have to make sure that that that uh they need to know something that uh so feel free basically to stop by any time and um yeah and uh it's not that I know everything. But if I know I uh I think I sort of know a little bit like what you guys were doi uh doing, right. But not uh not obvi every detail obviously. Yeah. What yeah, you don't know why why you are doing it anymore. Yeah. Oh boy. Yeah. Oops. Okay, I think my mic is falling falling. So I think we go, huh? Thank you very much. Thanks a lot.