Sorry. I don't have my presentation. Um Yeah. So they're on my they're on a. No no. They are. Yeah. No, no. My D_ machine. Yeah. Okay. Just going Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. So uh uh yeah. I will do something like that. Okay. So uh I would like just to review at the different project regarding acquisition system. So basically there are five systems. The first one is called SMAC, which is developed by Fribourg and CERN. The second one i is your system. Uh I would to say the cheap meeting room system. The third one yeah, maybe I can share that with you. The SMAC, yeah. Should I write? Okay. The first one is yeah, I will call that A_. SMAC, which is develop by Fribourg and CERN. The second one, B_, which is uh I would like to che say uh cheap uh meeting room or I don't know. Okay. P_A_S_. Okay, P_A_S_. The third one is um Okay. The third one is called uh the s um this is uh the smart meeting room develop at Fribourg which is called the smart It's DIVA. Okay. The p DIVA. D_I_V_A_, something like that. The third one is call uh the third one is uh the project that I have to improve the current smart meeting room at IDIAP. Uh for that we will use um uh Yeah, a tape three uh okay, let's call that. And the last one I would like just mention just to for the meeting and this is uh the fire-wire. Um I don't know if you saw my presentation during my turn. You did you? Uh okay. E_, which is firewire. Okay. So I will start just with the SMAC. So maybe I draw line here. So the SMAC The SMAC project the SMAC project is a project which aims to do the acquisition of audio, video and slide uh for presentation. Yeah, this project is done with Fribourg and CERN. But I'm just going to make a very short um graphic. In fact, they use um a card, a video card which is call um I_V_C_ mm yeah. I just write I_V_C_. In fact, this is a video card with four um inputs. On these four inputs you can have only video. But uh they want to make also the slide acquisition. So on one input they put um a conversion box, a converter, which converts from slide to video. So that mean that we decrease uh the the quality. We have a high quality in slide and we go to low quality to lower quality with uh video. Um so this one is just for the SMAC. Now I will just move. D Yeah. These one are just for video and audio. You can use uh them. And this board does uh the DivX compression on the fly. This is uh the box that we have on the table. The the card that we have on the table. Uh I think Mm. Okay. So the solution to that low quality is uh solved b by you project, the PAS project. Uh uh I make a tick here and I clean up this is just to to solve that pro that problem regarding the slide and the slide resolution. So we remove uh that part. And we call that the PAS. And in that case we use um a frame grabber here. And we go with the slide here. And um of course these two cards will be on the same machine. And uh we have to develop a solution here. The main critical point is here. The synchronisation between these two uh these two cards. And with that this is the card that we use in the smart meeting room and this is uh the card the um. Yeah, these one no no. Th uh this one is and this one the video card. And this one, this is uh the card that we have already at IDIAP for the sli Yeah, yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. So Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So we can have both. We can have the slide from the slide capture and we can just use uh a video signal to to capture that also. To have two t uh mm you wants to ha do you have two quality h high quality and Yeah, we can just take some snapshots. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. With um this one. So yeah you won't yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Something like like say something like that. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, yeah. Ch yeah. Video. Yeah. Okay. So uh I was just talking about the PAS project. Maybe I would like just now to talk about the DIVA project. So I clean up. Yeah. I. There. Um did you read something regarding the DIVA project? In fa yeah, uh we just remember that here we we still have only one machine to do uh the slide, video and audio acquisition. And the DIVA it was uh something different. Fact we have a master machine that's um We have a master machine here. And we have some slaves machine here. We have some connection and here we have some input. We have audio. Usually we have audio. And And the same for this one. And um basically on the slave machine we have two cards, one for audio and one for video. So they develop something to synchronize these two cards together and th uh this is something which is it's more, w which is call uh direct show, uh which allows you to to synchronize uh these two cards together. And but of course you want these two streams to be synchronize. But you want also these two streams to be synchronized. So they have a synchronization between two slaves which is done by the master. Here we just use uh the et ethernet network to synchronize uh these two um these two device. Um I just write. Internet, something like that. And uh they do only audio and video. Uh they don't do any slide. Um Slide acquisition, yeah. Okay? So Yves asked for the DIVA. I would like just to talk now regarding uh the the fire-free smart meeting room at IDIAP. Do you have any question? Or uh. What yeah, tape free, sorry. Tape free smart meeting room. So for that I Yeah. It's yeah. It's a tape free but also video. Uh and the acquisition is done in raw video. So the file is huge and they really need uh um they have a long post-processing to convert raw file to uh DivX or to our own files. Yeah, but it takes time. It it's just just to mention that. Uh so I will write. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So maybe first I will just describe the ma the smart meeting room that we have at IDIAP. In fact we have uh also a master slave architecture. Um I clean a little bit. We have the master P_C_, which take ks uh which takes care about the audio. I clean that. And we have the slave P_C_ which take cares about the white board and the slides. Now if we look at the video If we look at the video in fact um yeah, maybe first I should mention that. Between the master and the slave we have um the mm a synchronization signal which is call time MIDI time code. I just write MIDI. And for the video, we have the video input here. We re-use the um MIDI signal uh with um to insert the time code on each frame. And we save that to D_V_ recorder. Uh I I have video. Okay. Uh we know the problem of that that uh this is that after each meeting somebody has to take care about the D_V_ tapes and to t convert them into DivX. So my idea is to d do something like that, is to develop a s um um uh a video slave machine. May I say something like that, yeah, a video slave machine uh which use the MIDI um which use also the MIDI time code. No, sorry. Sorry, I'm doing something wrong. We have the video here. We just have the time code inserter. So we take that signal here and we move to this uh machine here, which is in fact just uh the I_V_C_ video card. This just an acquisition card. And we com and we s and we convert file directly to DivX. And um so we will have here video. And also because we want to control that machine we use also the MIDI time code the MIDI time code to start and to stop the machine. This is just something uh that uh this just to remove the D_V_ recordings. But um yeah. Just uh this just an improvement of the smart meeting room. Okay. Uh do you have any question uh regarding uh that? Yeah. We don't have to care about the synchronization in that case because the time code is ins serted here. And we take after the time code insertion we take the video signal and we pass through the machine. So uh this is uh a simple solution, but um where we don't have to care about the synchronization. Co yeah. The synchronization is yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So the f last one is uh the fire-wire acquisition. Uh I just Okay. Okay. Um in fact the the major problem regarding acquisition system is always the synchronization. And for that fire-wire is good. I mean fire-wire was a project. Now the project is uh stand-by. Uh we don't move to that project. I am but I am just going to talk about this one. Um so with acquisition with acquisition systems uh the major problem the major problem is uh the synchronization. And fire-wire gives you some um some way to be synchronize in fact. Uh this is uh I just want to to describe here the bus. This uh yeah, this is of the bus where you can send you can send some package. And any device we which wants to send a package a p a packet, sorry, should ask um there is a manager of that bus. This just of the bus. Any device which wants to send a packet has to r to r uh require some uh band-width on the bus on the bus. And so after that he will have that band-width. And he will always have that band-width. So um yeah, he will always have that band-width. And so we are sure that we will have a synchronize acquisition with fire-wire. And so so that mean that um Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, sorry. Uh yeah. Hardware. It's i it's done by it's done by hardware. It's done by hardware. No no no no no. And in fact yeah. I I as I mentioned before, we have a bus manager and the bus manager send just a flag to say now it's time to give me you data, and all devices which have uh required some band-width will send the data. So I'm just drawing something like that. This is this kind of signal that the th bus manager is sending. And just after that bus just after that uh signal all device will send uh the data. So we will have the data from A_, from B_ and from C_ and so on. And after the next one we will have again the um the data from A_, B_ and C_ and so on and so on. And so with fire-wire we are sure to have a um an acquisition system. Now the major problem with fire-wire is that that fire-wire is just an kind of intelligent, uh a smart pipe. A synchronized pipe. We can put what we want inside. So we can put raw data, or we can send a DivX data, or we can send also uh what I uh was presenting in my term presentation was a H_ two six four. But in that case we need something uh hardware here to uncode raw data to a given format. Of course uh the idea is to reduce um the band-width on the bus also. And all data are sent through the master. Do you have any quest Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh in fact the um slide card l sorry. The slide card and the video card are both S_D_K_. So what Yeah. Both are S_D_K_. Yeah. Yeah, y yeah. Yeah, this for that you uh I don't remember by how. No. But Usually audio audio and video should be synchronized. Because uh this just an on an audio video channel. So uh they are synchronize. Um so we can play with the video. We can play with the slide. Uh and after that and the major point is to m combine both. Yep. We we don't have synchronization. We have to find a solution, and for that might be we can use uh direct show, which is a syn which is a technique to synchronize different device. No no. This is just uh an application, which i No, no, no, no, no. No. This not on the card. This just an application that runs on the machine. Um f I think direct show you can download for free. I'm I'm not sure. M I should check. Or Yeah, it m yeah. I think the best thing to do is to have a machine just which is only dedicated to to that. Because uh if you if you if you if you use a machine which has been already used for something else sometimes you have plenty of libraries. And so you you don't know exactly. Maybe it would be better to have just a dedicated machine just for that. Just for Okay. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I I Oui. Because Because I think um the video is done the video compression is done on the on that card and uh I'm not hundred percent sure, but I think the J_ PEG the J_ PEG conversion for the slide capture is done also on the card. So we don't need Ah yeah. Yeah. But I mean yeah. I was just thinking about the the speed of the computer could be lower. Maybe a first so solution will be just to start w with. Because we need to start with something. We have the slide capture from Darren. We have um I will work on the video acquisition for the inpu the tape free smart meeting room. So I will start with that to develop some knowledge regarding that board, uh that video board, and after that we can combine both. No. For not for no no. This not for end of next year. It's too long. And it it's uh it's too long, it's too long. For myself I would like to say uh April, May. April, May we should have results. Uh no no no. Uh I mean the um Uh not al almost uh the uh the the uh the complete application. Maybe some minor will appears. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Uh they have. Yeah, th it's a yeah. But we start with the I_V_C_. We start with the data path. Uh the the slide frame grabber. And after that is and the question is how to synchroni to to to make both card working together. Yeah. Uh I_V_C_ I_V_C_ should go faster. Yeah. I will uh I'm not currently working on it. I will start to work on January on that point. So uh but I think No no. I'm not working. I schedule to to work on that from m Yeah. But I have also a que Mayb But I would like to say uh there is many unknown in that project. But I would like to say we can make uh uh a schedule of that project to just to track to just to see if we track the time table. If we don't we we asks for more people, maybe H_E_V_S_ people, to to to be slightly involved in that project, to be to to respect the date. Yeah. N Yeah. It's too long. No. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But uh at the same time I have some other project I I want to finish uh those project first. But for example, I have uh I receive some new project. I said that I have no time yet. I say I have no time gi now currently I um I say some for some project you say that you don't have time. But people will stay will continue to say no no, you will find time just to do that project. The Yeah. Currently but uh up to December I don't have time to work on it. But I plan already. I I um with I_M_ two I I I did uh I mention that I will have from January two thousand six I will have time for that. Uh I have a No, I will work fully on that on this point. From January two thousand six I wi Maybe a good thing will be to make a plan to to we say we we won't set the deadline here. We are here. We split that part in different segments. Uh y Yeah. Yeah, the yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. No, no, no. Yeah. Yeah. Which is really bad. Yeah. I I understand exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I understand. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. What Yeah. But I think yeah, that will be good, just to have a plan and to have some deadline in that plan. And as soon as we we we as soon as we we we are not in time, we we we con Yeah. Yeah, and to improve the system like Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And we Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh if I if I say until January this is just to finish. Uh I want to have the deadline at end of December to finish all my project. I want to finish all these project when everything is finished. After that I can move to another one. But I don't want to Yeah. No. No. Uh I I don't know regarding H_E_V_S_. I don't know if this is uh still in time. But you can have you can ask for a student, a d a diploma work.