Mm-hmm. Keep going. Yeah, yeah. Sure, that's interest us. It's okay. It should. But for the moment just for the purpose well, f for the moment it's just to understand each other so we know we know that the uh Yeah for with PAS. It's okay. Yeah, good idea. Uh this sounds like Alexandre pas. Yeah that's not that It's Diva. N'est-ce pas? Something like this. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I don't know. Mm-hmm. But l let be careful. There's one important point. The technical aspects of the way you acquire things should be driven by the kind of processing you want to have. So in our case we need to have a good processing of slides that in our case it means to transcribe with an O_C_R_ and then make indexing. We need to have high resolution image. I guess that's what you mean by precision, right? So in a sense that's the point. For us we need to have uh this sufficient resolution images of slides to do what we want to do. So that's why I guess we don't follow that solution. Because apparently yeah. Mm-hmm. As far as I know so far uh they did similar works on meetings, document centred meetings. They always worked on manual transcriptions of documents. So they never really took into account a possibility of actually performing processing on the document they talk about during the meeting during in this case the uh the talk, the conference, the the th the presentation. As far as I know. As far as they published I kn I know the results they published uh so far. So essentially they n never took into account I mean the work at the high level, which means basically we have the information coming from here and there. And we n created techniques that allow to starts from the text there and the things that are said and w if we find context, I mean they make some kind of processing. But as they don't work on the low level so low level it means basically okay, take the speech and extract the transcription. I take the image uh of the document and I take the transcription. They basically don't really care of this aspect, as far as I understand, mm. As far as I know. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Let's say that it makes uh less automatic in the sense that at point you need someone giving the file and putting the file upload in somewhere, et cetera. And it is a different kind of processing. Some way is always driven by w what you're able to do. They work a lot on layout analysis. I know they match uh uh the layout in two X_M_L_ files, et cetera. So it's a different way of approaching the problem, which means a different way of capturing different exigencies in in capturing the the documents, yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I it's the same as as you have in the picture, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Definitely. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Acquisition. Mm-hmm. Tape free. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm yeah. Now basically we have all this kind of general view about all the systems maybe we can take this opportunity to come back to our system. Because you know we had there are mm we had the long discussion and finally we decided for for one approach. And maybe take the opportunity to look just a moment uh at what point we are and w when we plan basically to get something uh done and working. I can add to that list of project is something that Jean-Marc and me we have found in the literature. There is F_X_ that is doing something very similar to to what we do here basically. A capture through the projector signal of the slides and they for the moment they just plan to use the slides as a as a way to index the presentations. But but uh roughly is is an idea that is very similar to to our idea. So well essentially now we have the material as far I'm as I'm understood. Uh and it's up to you to tell us roughly when do you think uh we're gonna have something working. Mm-hmm. Issues, yeah. Mm careful because the uh I listened to Frank, and apparently don't want to buy a new machine before we show that this works. So we have to use material that is already available. Maybe there is some free ma machine that is not Okay, s so it is possible to use other machines actually, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Some of uh some other machine, yeah. Mm-hmm. So mm in terms of time what we can think? When we can expect to see Christmas gift or early New Year gift. Uh But the way of course I'm I I don't know exactly what uh the work involves. So is this uh no that's not that I don't care. But uh I d I don't understand some way exactly. I think the the the real point is when. roughly. I mean I I don't say well no, no, no. I don't wanna put a deadline. Uh but uh given the current uh material we have um mm given your activities because I know that you both are involve in many other things. So it's something that you yeah, as Jean-Marc said, is Christmas and uh so we're happy with the Christmas gift. Or is something that you say is Christmas two thousand six. So I I I definitely just want to know something very rough on when you expect to finish this. That's problem. Uh that's that's a problem. I mean do you think it's something for the very next months? Do you think it's something for the end of next year? Do you think sp Mm. So is for so half next year. So June June June two thousand six. Re results, what does it mean? The end of this? So it works, it doesn't work. You know, for for me what is important is when it is ready to be use. So when I can say start collecting data, uh I start using. I start playing with this. Basically the process is ready and we can start having our demo. And also because there is a risk that uh we submitted a project, maybe it will be rejected we don't know, but potentially we are going to have a student supposed to work in this. It will be no not before April two thousand six anyway. But uh you know, mm some way we we we we cannot have a students and make him wait one year before he has uh the material to work. So my point is when. Reasonably. Uh roughly, I don't don't don't wanna have and it's not a deadlines, oui. But when do you expect to have the system ready to work uh working. Yep. Mm-hmm. Together. So this seems to be the main problem as far as as I understand. Mm-hmm. Uh make something re that you are using very vague expression. Result, make something. Just just uh just tell me when it is ready. And if you think it's it's not before uh but but must be reasonable I m I mean if you think it will be not before December two thousand six, say December two thousand six. So don't try to tell me March or April i w if you already know that it is unrealistic to say that. Must be realistic. you say June two thousand six we know it is June two thousand six. Uh I know. Sure. Sure. But Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well but there is no day to respect. It's just to know I mean and if you can have early early warnings in the sense that if you see that there is a major uh problem somewhere. But is just to know in the sense that really uh this p this mm thing has been stop now for quite a long time. Uh uh it n it took a long time to decide what kind of material. Now we have it. It's something that uh is a pretty good idea. We see that other people are working, et cetera. We are going to lose it some way if uh if we don't put some and very honestly yeah. I i it'll it'll not be This is innovation, yeah. Uh you know in a sense I never tried for example eventually to ask for one person dedicated to this because I always had the feeling that you are very interested, you wanted to do it, it's something you some way you uh I mean it seems to be something that is interesting to you. But uh if you have not the time and the possibility to do it because you you both are involved in many other things, we can eventually try to ask to have one person, to involve one person that will be dedicated strictly to this. We can try. I mean we can ask uh uh in the sense that if it is a priority for IDIAP so far we would get very good signals from that point of view, I I don't know. But uh please, if you think you don't have the time or the energy to do it, uh or it involves too many things that you cannot keep under control given the other things you have to do, uh don't think that okay, something nice we we can wait or sooner or later it will happen. Uh yeah. Exactly. So I think it's the moment uh for you to really realise try to to have a realistic uh date. And if you think there are too many things that you risk to lose control, uh tell it now. And we can try to say well we want to do it, but uh basically Mael and Olivier were the person mm-hmm. No, no. But but you can be involve in a different way. I mean you can eventually have uh a supervision role in the sense that you think that I I know how to do it, I like to do it, but I have no time. Because at a certain point it's a matter of time. We can try to to ask. Uh but uh please just don't keep this as a kind of thing, yeah, I like to do it, I like it, it's nice, et cetera. Yeah. Yeah, bu but but here you have to take a responsibility. You can't say I like to do it and but then ah but I will do it when I can. Exactly. Mm-hmm. Uh yeah yeah yeah.. Okay, this is yeah. No, no. Okay so now is your responsibility to say I cannot find time. If you can't find time, you have to say it now. And this is also for you. I mean i it's not an accusation. We we are all in the same condition. Mm-hmm. Exactly. Mm-hmm. S s So let me pose the question very broadly. Do you think that we have a person that has this will help you? We can ask, we can try to ask maybe if some person for six months so that your role is simply to help and advise. We can try to ask. I mean. S I'm sorry, but you still don't answer to my my question. You are not answering my question. Yeah. Let me pose again the question very clearly. If I go to Herve, I can try and say we are in this situation apparently. Why don't we take one person three months, six months, four months that directly advised by Olivier and uh and we can speed up. Consider that it can be difficult of course to find them et cetera and so on. Do you think it's an option? Mm-hmm. At each. Yeah, I think there are people yeah. Do you think it's a reasonable option? Do you think it's something that uh can help you? Because that's just a matter of responsibility for you guys to but there is nothing bad if you say you have other things to do. Because we are all uh full of work. This is something that is added on the top. Uh if you don't have time you don't have time, guys. I mean this is uh but please just tell me. We will find the time however. So April O_ six you will have your system. Or no we are not sure. We don't really know. Uh it can happen that we don't. We don't know what you are going to find on the way. Maybe we think it takes one week and then it takes one month. Uh w we don't know. Uh maybe we will s we wi will not able to be continuous. Because one of the wrongest thing is to work one week, then one month, no, et cetera. That's it's something that breaks. I mean difficult, huh? Mm so that's the point. So that which doesn't mean you are excluded f from the thing in the sense that in any case someone will ask will have to advise the person eventually. And it can't be him, it can't be me. It can be you that basically follow, advise, helps. But at least the mass of the work will be done by someone else that can spend a hundred percent of time on that. Now it's not even guaranteed in the sense that I can ask this. I can say that well this is the situation and uh you are. Or eventually yeah, someone can say okay now this become your priority. Forget about everything else and go with that. I don't know. Or will tell you okay, uh January two thousand six, but from January two thousand six you do nothing else than this. You know, w we can find the time, whether it is your time, whether it is the time of someone else. But uh I really would like to stop with this because this has been for several months that you say we like, we want. And I'm sure, I believe you. But then it is always something that must be done outside uh the uh normal activity. Um I'm uh I'm sorry. Yeah. But but uh otherwise I mean, as you say, to do it in two years p So what do you think? You like that I try to to to solve this problem and try to say that there is a time problem and you don't have the time to do it? Okay. But that can be. But uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It can be tolerable, yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It's a very good idea, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Uh i no. Let me That seems to me clear. Until January is uh is busy. So So yeah. Just to go to a conclusion, because apparently yeah. So it can't work uh yeah, exactly. Can't work uh until January. So it's up to you. It's up to you to evaluate, yeah. Mm-hmm. And then we d make a decision in the sense whether you continue working or we try to find the time in a different way or we try to eliminate your other priorities you're under. Hmm? Yep. I think that's that's a different problem. The problem is really up to you guys, whether you think it's good to have one person. Try to have that because uh I cannot say we have tried to have W exactly, it wi but better no person than a bad person anyway. Yeah. Okay.