Thanks. Yeah. Yeah.. Um a little bit, but uh I'm m I'm not sure he knows uh everything. So uh basically uh well, first we tried to um explain why in this uh resc uh N_ best list re-scoring uh from the slides to enhance the speech recognition on the meetings data is not working. So um uh that's one thing. And uh so what we did with Alessandro is uh um ch t uh performing some statistical tests to see whatever r if the if the words uh the the appearance of the words during the meeting is uh in independent of the ap appearances of the different slides. So the in the case if it is dependent that would mean that certain words tend to appear during certain slides and that there is a correlation and uh then there will be uh a reason like for believing that uh this will work. The resu the result was no. Yeah, true. Yeah, almost nothing. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Huh. So Matthew we were uh yeah, it's uh we were talking that we did some experiments to see if the word during meeting the words appear independently of the slides in a sense that uh if certain words tend to appear during certain slides or no. And uh the answer is uh no. And uh so we did a statistical test for that. And I will add also that we did that on the uh w the words after filtering them from the removing the the stop words. Yeah, so uh so uh bec s because yeah, with the stop words okay th there would be a reason for uh in independence because there is uh such a huge mess of them. But uh even uh after removing them uh there it it remains uh independent. And actually uh so when I was doing the re-scoring experiments, I was doing that on uh one meeting that I selected as being like the best looking one. Uh it ha it had the m the most uh slides. And now I did the same uh on uh the other meetings which were available where well it's only three meetings because well here there are four of them which are from the test set uh from the AMI recogniser w but only three of them have uh slides. So it's total of three meetings and for the others the tendency and I c 'cause you know I was when I was doing re-scoring, I was uh taking into account the for one given slide also the n neighbouring slides. And as I was in increasing the number of slides which were affecting the the utterance I was re-scoring um the performance was improving sli s uh slightly. Very very little. But uh Yeah. Uh the the first thing we are talking about ex the experiment to see the uh if it's dependent or independent. How we did it? Uh so we used the Pearson uh chi square uh test no. Ah okay. It was to to see if uh certain words have a tendency to appear during uh uh they if they are more likely to appear during certain slides. W Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the answer to that was no. And s so when extending the those experiments to the other meetings uh when while I was observing an improvement on the first meeting I was using, uh so I was r observing an improvement as I was increasing um like the um the context. Yeah. Uh On the on the recognition, yeah. So there was uh the improvement was also increasing as I was increasing the context, while on the other meetings it's um it's it's it's really fluctuating and uh i it it uh it looks more like um uh ps uh well, what's the word for that? Statistical um um fluctuation. So uh Mm-hmm. Huh. Mm-hmm. Exactly. So that's why um uh if we look on the relationship that uh exists between the speech and the slides, uh the task of improving the recognition, uh the overall um sp uh speech recognition using the slides uh seems to be uh uh not very uh um good. I mean um we cannot expect much from from it. Mm well for now the uh most effort was uh on uh um showing why i it's i it's it will not work. Especially those experiments and these uh statistical tests. But uh we w were thinking for example of a task like um trying to uh see if uh where a speaker is talking I mean if the speech is actually correlated with the slides uh where the slides uh which happen during the not correlated, but if the Uh well if the um If the speaker is actually talking about what is in the slides or not. Indicator. Yeah, or for example uh what happened for example in one of the meetings is that p people were um summarizing the the results of the previous meeting, you know. So in the beginning so the meeting started with the summary of what happened uh previous time and this was not related to what was on the slides. Link uh But this is one yeah. Huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it was recycling uh kind of. Task. Huh. Huh. Even summarization. Or Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Uh no. No. But for the other thing, you know uh uh the alternative measures. Or maybe we should finish with this first. Uh I mean uh Yeah, this uh this would be a f uh another subject I would like to discuss. S but uh w but uh uh basically ju just, you know, if we finish uh discussing this first. Mm-hmm. This is not clearly defined yet. But uh um something um using this relationship uh between the slides uh and other even other tek textual support and the uh and the speech. Huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, sure. Well, this is um the question I'm working on. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Yeah, that that could be interesting to try to merge those two uh things. Uh yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, and I um uh Are they are interested in that or no? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yep. Yeah, that's what what is missing. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. No.. AMI meeting. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. It's a first step. Hmm. Hmm. And we could uh do automatical uh speaker rating if there are good speakers or bad speakers depending if they just read uh Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Maybe possible someday. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well uh did trying to really determine the um the um uh subject of something for my proposal I mean. Yeah, aro around February or March. So really um Yeah. So to find something for that. Uh also with the th thinking maybe turning this uh work into publication, the one about the for sure. And uh also uh uh well that uh depends a little on on on you. But try to finish with the um measures and the call routing. 'Cause I was talking with that uh about that to Herve uh since I was uh I will recycle this poster for I_M_ two, you know, about uh about this. And uh that could be cool to to finish it. Maybe fuse it with uh Ian's work and uh do a journal paper he was suggesting. So so you're so what you are saying is that you you noticed that when you um tried other features and uh Because and initially it was a s Nuance, trained on Nuance, uh no? Or Mm-hmm. Run run run what exactly? For the the the call routing itself or the recognition uh the phoneme recognition? Yeah. I have all uh Jean-Yves's uh scripts and uh programs for performing the call uh routing I think uh starting from the phoneme sequences. Yeah, I I know that I don't know how to use the cluster. Yeah, if it's just running a script I don't know if it's But this is basically detecting speech and no non-speech. Yeah. It's this uh problem I hear every time on the speech meeting how do we detect speech and not speech. Ah and uh Or oh okay. It's not just speech and silence. It's speech and and okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But who really can do uh when somebody will really be able to do that, I mean detect the speech from non-speech, it will be a little revolution, no, in the Mm-hmm. Yeah, well this is basically in my three uh main jobs uh proposal uh um this. Ah yeah, yeah. Yeah but yeah. Ah yeah sure. But uh uh uh shouldn't make it clearer before on the on the on what uh I I will write. And even uh a first uh uh submission using this work um will make things clearer for me uh writing them down and f for it will help I think for that also. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well I think uh first uh this submitted and this will help for the proposal. And since uh we cannot start immediately with the measures, I think that's the best thing to do. Mm well no. Well for me it's I think we uh it's fine. Yeah and I think uh that will be exactly one hour and uh uh fill the tape. Uh the tape is sixty minutes. Ah so I was right. Ah yeah. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah.