Okay. Okay, uh for for uh the noise sensitive table project um we decided to um to take the noise uh as input, and uh give a feedback uh with LEDs on the table. So this is uh one of the the possibilities that were offered to us. But uh we decided to do to do uh it this way. Yes, the the first uh the first idea of the project uh was to have um the whole table covered by LEDs. But uh for the prototype of this isn't this is not the the way we implement it now. But uh in fact we have a there was th yes, th there was the the restriction that if we cover the le the table with LEDs, uh some won't be visible because uh you have uh yes. So um if there is information displayed under the the sheets uh the it won't be um very useful. So we decided to have it uh yes, thirty centimetre uh at each side. weeks.. This is for prac practical reason and uh also a matter of time. Because uh Yes. But uh th there are o other problems, like um yes, the the information display on the sheets. So we don't know if it's Yes. True. And there is uh a lot of programmes now about this implementation. Is it's not uh it's not obvious. Hmm? Still in progress. Almost done. Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm yes. Yes. Uh I have one or or two question. I don't know if you want to to begin with the the explanation about the the release. O okay. So um I have actually two questions that are uh just practical question abo about my um my implementation now. Uh i No. So and the first information is um about the the noise level. N not the noise level, the sound level. Uh because uh what you get from from the microphones is uh a curve. And um a way the way uh it is implemented now uh to detect yes, you have a uh I have packets uh for uh let's say uh this is uh this is uh not uh fixed. But uh I have packets for about um uh alpha second. So it's uh second. And uh on these packets I want to know the the sound level, the average sound level. So uh the way I do it now is uh to to take uh each top of the curves' bottoms and uh just making leverage this. But I don't know if it's it's not really um the best way to do it. But I don't know uh if Yes. Okay. So this is this the the first question. Yes. But I think uh this is two different problems. Uh the filtering must be must be done before. And after that uh if you have uh a cleaned curve and you can uh just apply uh functionally. And uh the second question was about um uh filtering and uh F_F_T_ yeah, what you can get from it. Uh general questions. Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh o yes, I will just add something. Um is there a way to uh to from one uh from one stream to uh to build two streams that correspond to the the voice of one people and the voice of the second? the Yes. No. And it it this is not uh a sound question. Sound related question. Line in. Uh yes. The the communication between the the extension and is uh of the. No, no, no. Uh okay. And the fire-wire port. And there is an extension for this this uh this device connected to it uh with uh optic fibre. Yes. Uh yes. Be because for now uh I'm just sampling the sound that uh eight thousand. So uh just uh something very very rel I could uh even uh go to lower. But uh this is just to get the the s the noise, the sound level. But uh if I want to record the conversation with uh uh a processing after th Yes, to to have a better sound quality. Uh perhaps it's better to have a X_ array, yeah. Something like that. Yes.. Okay. Mm-hmm. Sure, sure. But uh what is the the gain? In terms of uh position? Uh uh uh centimetres or uh more? Okay. M uh what you get is uh the real position or uh just uh the angle at which the the sound comes? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yes, sure. Yes. Uh because uh there there is just um four microphones that are eight. Okay, yes. Okay, but there are in uh in a plan. Okay. Because uh at at T_P_F_N_ there is a lab that is uh has done almost the same thing. But they have uh eight microphone that are uh at uh yes, the eight um the eight uh uh cor corner of uh a cube, yes. The elevation, no. But uh what is could be relevant, it's not uh almost it's not always the case with the the um Yes, the the position, the the radius of the Yes, it could be. Yes, okay. Yes. Because um because i the um the distance between the the microphone is too uh is too low to Mm-hmm. Yes, sure. Yes, but I think the the most relevant part is the um the other uh the hardware that synchronize the microphones and that. Yes. Yes. Mm not maximum. The the average on the on the packets. Uh yes, the the I take the the b I g when I go up to the the curve uh I'm uh on the at the local maximum. I take it. Then the next uh local minimum and uh taking this uh this range, doing average on it. Yes. Difference. Difference is uh is that if I just uh Mm yes. Yes. Okay. A you have uh you have fifteen implementations. Uh Yes. Okay. Sixteen. Sure. Okay, okay. Yes, and then I just uh because uh we are using um uh an open s an open source framework to do this, there is uh something, I don't know if you know i know it, uh calls Sphinx, that is doing uh s sorry. Yes. Doing um voice recognition. And uh I just use it for the for the for the microphone and the acquisition. So uh there is uh already uh an F_F_T_ uh module implemented in it. I didn't test it. But um Yes, sure. Y yes, for the for the the position,. Also for detection. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 'Kay, yes. Sure. Okay. Yes. No. Yes. Okay. Y you have to detect uh an event on one microphone and uh know when it's happened on uh on the other one. No? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's related to the number of microphones around. No. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, this is a measure of the activity o okay. Th there there is a distance. But it's not very uh very effective. As as you mentioned. It's And uh from from this kind of if information you can uh let's say have uh a finger print of the user to know uh if this is the same user speaking. So Not sure. Because the the um Okay. Which range.. Yes, okay. So This is this is a bit arbitrary. Because uh perhaps uh person two will have uh some frequencies in the range of Okay. And if you reconstruct the stream from this uh this range, you will uh get something uh that is uh Okay. Mm-hmm. And you can you can um this way you can filter uh perhaps some range that are uh just very low frequencies for uh perhaps uh a noise or The yes, the fan. Okay. Yes, but but then this this is very interesting because uh this way you can detect uh if someone is talking, if someone uh has an uh some noise with uh perhaps putting his uh his cap on the on the table. Perhaps if there is a laptop and uh in one position And you can classif uh classify. And this is Yes. She' very good. Okay. Yes. Yes. And the the length of the time frame has um an inference of uh on uh which parameters Okay. Th there i uh let's say if you use a one second window. Uh the in fact the the frame lengths will be uh very uh very uh i Yes. Okay. They they won't be visible on the on the wavefo okay. Yes. But the the the the long uh the longest frame you would use would be one hundred. At most, okay. Okay, yes.. 'Kay, so you can yeah. Okay. Enter uh when user is Uh yes. And before I forg forget it uh I have one question. Uh you say you do the processing after uh afterwards. And uh what is the the cost, yes, the the length? One one or uh bit longer? Okay. Yes, but Matlab is very uh very effective for uh matrices and uh Okay. Yes. Okay. Yes. Relative, yes. Mm. Yes. And even if you use uh four microphones to get uh not good. Okay. Okay. And eight is uh is good. There i yes. But uh Yeah. Yes, one, two degree is very very small for uh for our application. Because we want we really want to detect uh if th this is the same person that is speaking or not. If there is uh an error of uh let's say uh ten, fifteen degrees and but uh it is um capable of uh seeing it as two different person. There is not problems with the Okay, and the number of sectors is uh is not dependent of uh the number of microphones? Okay. If there is uh two two person the same sector, I see. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. Geometry is not. We have not uh thought a lot about it. Yes. F_F_T_. But th uh uh I think what is very important here is the synchronization of the microphones. Right. Okay, um uh I'm speaking about it because uh we wanted uh to do this table in uh a mid-tech way, let's say a cheap way. To have not uh very expensive tables. So I don't know if um uh what I've seen w on our website was uh that the this installation was uh a bit expensive. Uh but I'm trying to uh to to to see what is very important and uh what is not uh for Yes. Sure. Yes, sh I think you have to uh to uh It sh These are these are um some kinds of uh and this one. Yes. Okay. Expensive. Because because uh of the quality of the the And they are plug in the on the X_L_R_? Or uh Yes,. Okay, for the our we'll we we'll uh. Mm-hmm. Let's have a break.