Mm-hmm. Actually uh you can t perhaps just uh just Th there is one frequency that is the base from for uh Okay. Both. Mm the pitch and uh and the freque Okay, s and you can measure measure that? Or Okay. And i is it uh expensive to do, But in fact if y you speak of uh a lot of things that are not expensive, at the end you have uh something that is. Hmm. So you have to do F_F_T_, because otherwise Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes, but it I it it is im It i it yes, it is important for detecting patterns. Because uh if you say uh let's say uh w how much the person um have spoken over the the five last minutes, uh Uh if someone come and yes. Yes, yes. Y This is uh mm. Okay. So i uh this is only based on uh you give uh the spectrum and uh uh okay. Mm-hmm. Yes. But uh the last ones are always the Mm not really. Mm yes. Hmm uh I I said uh we want t to know to um to do separation just because of the voice recognition. I mm this is not the yes. Yes, no, but but in fact we have uh yes, we are designing uh a noise sensitive table just f from your ring, but we are also designing uh a prototype um to analyse the conversations. So uh we might add there a lot of uh features. Okay. And uh I don't know, perhaps uh perhaps if you have two people speaking uh speaking uh at the same time, uh I don't know if uh voice recognition of an uh such a stream is uh real. Okay. Yes, so that's fine. Mm-hmm. Sure. Yes, it's not um every important feature for now, but Mm-hmm. Yes. And uh uh another what uh. Um I don't remember. Yes, also uh to to extract the context. Mm because if you know the words that are spoken, you can let's say uh someone say uh he's angry uh about the word he's seen. Yes. You mi you might want to add uh this kind of this is not in uh my project, but Yes. Um Yes. And have a special events trigger if Sure. Sure. No, it's it doesn't sound simple, but yes, you can yes. Sure. Yes, in fact uh for now we are using uh a kind of calibration, but uh it's still um Yes. Yes, um uh but in fact you have to sit in front of the microphone, and it's uh yeah, people one speak and people two and people three and you are just uh subtracting the the level that you you kept in the other microphones. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, just uh a last question, um when you mentioned it. Um if I'm speaking very uh, how do you say it, um yes, I'm just speaking one word every uh every one second. Yes a. Uh is the the event that is detected is um will be uh a sum of uh small parts? There won't be uh okay. So you yes, you have to to reprocess to uh to say let's say yes. There is a very small um interval. You have to consider it uh. Because this is yes, this is one this can be considered as one interv intervention. It might be. This is not a very uh easy problem. I'm done. Sure, yes. And you can code Java. You can choose Matlab. Yes, sure. You have to code it uh directly to the machine. Hmm. My sheet is very uh filled up. I will take yours.