Okay. Yes. So you were talking about the two first question? Okay. And a little bit about same people moving, with the clustering. Uh-huh. So this one. What? I'm sorry, I didn't really get the point of comparing the pitch the pitch is the is the frequency that is okay. And the way you transform it uh v by the mouth? You were comparing what with what? Uh-huh, okay, okay. So uh And you were talking about comparing what with what? Okay. But you want to have the information because the the mouth, you move it. To scan t all the user. Okay. Okay, so you have the p the pitch and you have information about the voice dynamic or Mm mm mm. Emotion, the involvement in a discussion. If you are saying oh yeah yeah we should Okay. In C_P_U_ you mean? Not really familiar. Hmm. Okay, so you are the expert. Careful, you are recorded. Okay. Okay, so all this stuff is done from the F_F_T_. Also location to identity. Uh Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. But to get a cluster the location that is uh a place where uh noise is regularly coming from. Mm-hmm. Mm mm mm. But for instance for a setting like uh here it would be enough, because we are not moving. Okay, right. But we are uh targeting a place where we don't know i where it will be more flexible, so we need more than just uh location if we want to uh Mm-mm. I agree. Maybe just I think it may it may be okay, but it depends how long Hmm. From th from the location. Oh. Mm-hmm. When are you planning to finish your Okay. More extensible. Mm. I don't know how mu maybe we would be more interested to know that it's not the same people, more than knowing that it's the same people. Or to detect that someone is more that was not talking before is talking now. Yes. Mm. Mm. Okay. That are further directions. Professor was interested to know when people were talking about him. Ah, someone is talking about me, let's listen. And lighting a on his office. Okay, so are you done w with what you wanted to presented us uh in regards with these questions? Mm mm. three papers about? Mm-hmm. Okay. It's n no problem. No more time for problems. Okay. Uh uh. Mm mm mm. Slowly. Might. For the first application we will do with uh prototypes, it will be more about quantity uh of speech or how long, how much someone speak, but when we will go to final uh details, if I'm talking and someone say yes yes yes from time to time, it show that he's participating, and obviously it makes different that if someone is talking and one is replying never uh nor moving or nor having eyes open Okay. Go through them. Okay. No, I think uh I think we has already have plenty to read. Try. And the application you are using, all of them uh y every time you are using Matlab, or you are programming everything is based based on Matlab? Mm. Mm mm mm. Okay. I'm writing so only me can read. It's uh a kind of secret language. Okay.