No. Yep. Uh you can be sitting here itself and do the presentation. Now you need the different method from how from gammas you can generate the posteriors. Okay. Uh I was just um let's talk about little about this presentation itself, the slide number six. Okay, how you feel it is important that you're taking the context of the whole utterance? How important it could be? Is it not a possibility that you're having less context? instead of having context from one to capital D_, which is for the whole utterance, which doesn't make much sense in general. So what is a possibility that you can cut the context instead of having the context from That's right. Might be left or right, everything there, but not the whole context. Because it's it's a fact that when you are having one utterance, so it one utterances link up full sentence or something, and there might not be much breaks in it. So in that sense it doesn't make sense that you are going too much in the past and then you are trying to compute something which is not related. Mm-hmm. Kind of let's say idea is usually hundred milliseconds or one second. Yeah, numbers it might be okay, because most of the sentences might be three seconds or something. Yeah. That m that match of context to computer commas. Mm-hmm. Okay, so when we are talking about them, then my story they are the worst I think. Yeah. I cannot generate posteriors. So there is I don't have the C_ files also presently with me. Yeah. No,. My said that enough is enough. Yeah, and then I then I would have taken two years extension. Yeah, it was it was pretty scary, but let's see what happens. ICSI, mm-hmm. Because even um Petr has lost a lot. He's having only the results with him. He doesn't have the files, the real the real s ones. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, because even to download that much of data Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And then you have to get the L_P_ P_L_P_ features and Okay. Because tho those files are also very big, they are not single files. So there should not be any break. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, P_L_P_ numbers ninety five database is there, fine. Yeah. Everything is lost. And uh if if you really ask me even the structure which was there real every point by point how P_L_P_ is well generated, that information is also not there. Yeah, but the parameters which are exact Hopefully ninety five percent, I know, but that five percent And then we we need to train the new rates because M_L_P_ training needs to be done, and then only the next step will happen. So it's it's pretty pretty hol holding is stupid. Whether we can replicate the results, whatever results you are showing, whether we can replicate them or not. Presently it's it's not known. Yeah. You Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No no no no, he is using different setup I think. He doesn't use our setup. Do you use our setup for the number of states? For the gamma estimation? Okay, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No no, those things I'm also having, because they were done two years back. Anything which is done in the last two years is the one which is Nothing. The there's also in com, com database, yeah. Yeah, that's right. No, th those things are not disturbed. Nothing related to the database has been disturbed. Except the switchboard. No, they're there. No no, it was it was pre-written there. It's in the database itself. That's right, yeah. Yeah, so it that is not a problem. No, I didn't do it myself. No, no, no. Means at l yeah, that part is less uh scary. Yeah. So the things which are related to your P_L_P_ can be done I think, it's it's not such a major problem. So you tha M_L_P_ needs to be trained and uh P_L_P_ features, so it's kind of one and a half days work, kind of, to generate the new files. Yeah, that will aga means it'll light up, that's it. But all all of it is doable in three, four days time. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And if I don't have to generate any new results, I'm also on the other side then. But if I need to generate new results, then and anyway, there is emotional loss, so scripts and code everything written that is No. Yeah, yeah. Because it's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Means losses are emotional as well as whatever it is there. and bla bla, but it's tragedy. So. So RAID five you have told to the Mm-hmm. No, one disk there is no problem. Mm-hmm, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Was it insured, any idea? No no, insurance can take care of uh means anything can be insured in this world nowadays. Mm-hmm. But it still means one thing which is a mystery to me whe why temp one and temp two were residing on the same hard disk physical. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yeah, so it means So that Mm-hmm. No no no, what I'm saying means temp one and temp two could have been different systems altogether. I'm saying they could have kept differently. No RAID on both they systems was the problem. Hard disk, there there were already five hard disks, right? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, not everybody is going to be scared of temps. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No no no no no. No no no. I checked over the net, it's not the way. You d you send the things to them, they will see if they can recover. Then only they'll ask you that this is the quotation. But if there is no no if they cannot recover they they will send it back. Mm-hmm. No no no, first they'll give you a quotation. The they won't go we ho without that. It's not means it's a wrong information. Yeah yeah, because in the beginning what they say that send us the thing, we'll look at the things. If it is recoverable, we will tell you what is the quotation, and if it is not recoverable, we will send it back to you. But means f and uh i if they they cannot recover it, then then what they will they won't charge anything from you for the inspection. But That's right. Yeah. Means looking at uh how much failure has happened. Accordingly they will tell you whether they can recover or not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So how much is four tera, four thousand gigabytes? Okay. Not much. Is it raid one has more compared to RAID five? No, RAID one is having exactly f fifty percent capacity is utilised. It's copy. Two copies of the same thing will be existing. That is a RAID one. That's right. RAID five is twenty percent. No. So RAID one is exactly it's means that's lot of wastage of resources, but it's more tolerant. And there is no kind of or anything, nothing exists there. So the disk which has crashed, that cannot be recovered. That uh disk which has not crashed, it can be recovered completely. Means if both the disk have crashed, for the same data, you cannot recover anything. If one disk has crashed crashed, then you can recover everything. Yeah, it'll be in the other disk. So that is RAID one. If you are given a choice, you want to take RAID one or RAID five or a simple laptop. Mm-hmm. To what are the experiments you need to do? What are the new experiments you are having in your mind? Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But do you feel that is paper material? But the one which you have reported means you want to report something more than that? Ah, okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. So might be what I can do I can give you the setup and you can you can generate from bottom, train M_L_P_, test M_L_P_. Mm, I was using thirty nine, yes. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. So what is this result? This is related to your um M_L_M_I_? Ah, okay, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. What is a triphone gammas? Ah, okay. Your your M_L_P_. Okay. But those gammas will be same as uh s normalised scale likelihoods, right? Then the they're through that data uh from through. Okay. Uh not uh scale likelihoods. Posteriors. From? G_M_M_ oh, M_L_P_ scale likelihoods? You're you are having posteriors there, right? You divided by the. Okay. Okay, so it's scale likelihoods Okay. And full network, what was the r ch architecture? Ah okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So what are the other things we need to discuss? One day after the crash. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That's all be because of you. You came on wrong day from Iran. You should had come on, it would have been okay. Anyway. Uh they'll get a shock of their life. Might be the one kind of like if they have read their mails. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, everything is lost, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but it's a major loss, no doubt. The data on which we want to run the scripts is not there. If they can yeah, if they can give me my C_ files, then also it's okay. Yeah, because I don't need to generate features also, yeah. Yeah, it's amazing. I n I don't need all my P_ files, just three of them. Yeah. Nowadays it's not the case. They physically also separate the things. Or it's sprinklers. Then what if their sprinklers don't work? Ah. Uh-huh. Yeah. They won't keep it at one place, yeah. Physically at different places, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. C_D_s are not enough, that's the problem. Because one C_D_ is how much? It's not even one G_B_. So then C_D_s are not enough. Mm-hmm. Hmm. You're talking about datas or you're talking about Okay, mm-hmm. I don't know. No no, he wa he was having locked many things in the proper places. But in temp he wasn't having lot of important things, yeah. All the experiments which he was running. Mm-hmm. Uh look what? But what we'll do with the switches? No no no no no. Okay, that way it might be, but the situation is that uh he he was generating his own P_L_P_ features from his own scripts. He was not using using doctor speech. Yeah. So he was like uh he was so I'd borrowed few of the things from him. The F_F_T_ routine and uh reading the signal wave form. These things I borrowed from him and I changed, and then I put it in my all programmes, so. I I kept the backups, but those backups are the them's also on temp. I didn't I didn't know that this this way it can crash, because I thought maybe I can do a mistake and wipe out the things. And then there is no backup. So I cannot blame anybody, but I didn't know that the whole backup can itself crash. Yeah. So now in in my life I will never believe anything which is temp. Whether it is temperature or whether it is temporary. Because just few few days back I took a backup of my laptop, fearing the same thing. But then I didn't realise that I should take a backup of P_L_P_ is hardly anything, yeah. Ah. From posteriors to s forced alignment. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Three years, two to three years, yeah. Not in all cases, that's the problem which people are facing. Because everything was written then and there itself. Means even if the optimisation has been done, they did the optimisation there and they they worked on that started working on that. They didn't write it with pen or something on a paper or saying that okay, this is the best optimisation. Yeah. Because if I change my configuration and your results are somewhere else. Okay. So how much time we have spent? Okay, so this is good enough. Yeah. Okay, thank you. Have a good day.