Okay, we start waiting for people coming late and uh I can say this because in this moment you cannot answer because you don't have the microphone. So I can say whatever and you cannot reply. So yeah.. Ye In my opinion it is no because of the nature of the language. I mean intuitively of course you tend to use more the words that are on the slide., But the mass of the words actually you use are words that are common. Just think that fifty percent of the words on average whatever corpus you take are stop words, articles, et cetera. So in terms of recognition fifty percent goes away. Of the rest uh remaining fifty percent I mean are all words that appear one, two, three times. So in any case even if actually and they tend to be uh related or a statistically related to a single slide, in any case in terms of uh recognition do not help at all, or help a very little. So uh that's the kind of thing uh I mean that's the kind of measure, the ind statistical independence is not on single words. Is overall, which basically means in terms of recognition that doesn't help. Hmm. You know, even if actually I remember I just made some measure uh saying okay l let's look at how many words I don't have in the dictionary and are in the slides. It was two percent. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. So some in some sense it intuitively it sounds very good. But in practical terms, in terms of recognition uh here we we we have to be clear. If you want to improve the recognition, that im improves very slightly. Uh it is different if you want to have other tasks where the only words that all are words. In that case, even the slight improvements uh he gets at that point, they can make the difference. But does the recognition And some way the statistical independence I think it can be a good explanation to show why it is happen even if it is counterintuitive. But that's that's what happens basically. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Be be b be careful, it's not exactly this because for sure there are words that tend to be. So the point is you want to verify whether you can improve the recognition rate by using as an information the words that uh are contain in the slides. So basically the idea is that uh in the moment you are in the slide somewhere your language change accordingly to the slide. So the fact of having that information somewhere can help you to improve the recognition. But actually it's not what happens. And this does not happen for many reason. First, for example, fifty percent of the words in any kind of text are stop words. So are everywhere. And the remaining a appear so little, that in the case cannot really improve that much. Most of the words we use actually whatever we talk about are common uh words. So how to verify this? I mean this is something that has been measured et cetera but still is a bit qualitative. To have a quantitative measure, mm-hmm, we simply did uh a measure of statistical independence between the words in general, so not some words, the words in general. Otherwise you can see that if a words appear once, basically it is one hundred percent related to one slide, huh? But you have to i if you want to consider in terms of recognition performance,you have to make it overall. I mean what is important is not the word that appear once, it's the word that appear If uh i exactly. If if there is one word that appear once all over the meeting, it appears in correspondence of one slide, then of course it seems to be very related. But very few words uh they represent a very little part of the word mass, mm. So we simply used a very old test, statistical test, that basically measure the hypothesis that some way the probability of having one word in correspondence of a certain slide is simply the product of the probability of the word for the probability of the. That's it. So that's what we did. But is in general the language and not certain words. Because certain words for sure have a strong dependency on the slides. But there are l few. Yeah. Fluctuations? Mm-hmm. It is not in terms I mean for me for example it was not in the sense that uh after working a little bit on language you realise that this kind of thing do not help simply because most of the words uh have nothing to do specifically with the subject you use. Uh most of the words we use uh that's strange, but are simply necessary to build a sentence. There are very few uh content uh words. But it is true that intuitively uh as we are driven in our attention uh I mean in in our understanding we're pretty much driven by attention, that we tend to spot only those words. Exactly, and in some sense intuitively it seems that it can happen, I mean this is not the first attempt to do things like this and it never works actually i in terms of recognition. For other task it can be uh it can be uh helpful. Yeah. Yep. Be careful. Correlate is a dangerous word in statistic. It seems to be the opposite as before. The. Or roughly. Basically uh one thing it can't be done. And and here uh on the contrary for example the few words that are mm how may I say it recognized more can really make the difference. It isn't the case if you want to see if uh I mean what if seen in the meeting and that okay. There are presentation. Then yeah, still the slide is there. But actually the people talk about other things. Or not really other things but the slide is no longer uh a support for the discussion, huh? There are moment that actually this is the support because the people describe, et cetera. And there are moment where it is not. Is a just a background uh thing. And we rough estimated very quickly. But it was one third of the time. At least in in the meeting we have seen. The slide were just there I mean but they were no longer use as a support. It was a discussion rather between people. So in that case the presence or the absence and especially the frequence with which you observe the words that are on the slides can be an excellent uh uh clue, huh. Indication, a clear indication, whether actually does it support of the discussion or not. Uh It can be this. It can be interpreted as a kind of focus of interest. It can be simply interpreted in the sense of saying uh okay I mean you have this channel open there. Do I have to p taken into account or not? Or also in terms of action, yeah uh when you see that s the discussion is completely m disconnected with respect to this some way uh it means that it's happen in something different than before. So I mean it's a kind of feature that in my opinion can be easy to detect it and um that can, yeah, uh f can be interesting to do. Relatively easy to do. And uh in that case, for example, the few words mm that you that you get more can make the difference. Oh so is that mm double way to to show how some way dependent on the task. What do you mean exactly? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Some way well there are f yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm hmm. Yeah, I know, this we are s s talking about today short term if you want. Uh things just to the use the things. I mean all the work they that has done basically, which is a huge work. And the data we have then uh enough for the for a thesis of course it must be much better. But of course the there's only two two different kinds of words. Some of them you can do it on a single meeting. So this kind of feature extraction because basically that's what it is, saying yes no this channel is good. Now is background. Now is foreground, et cetera. You can put it in that in that way. This you do it on a single meeting. And then there are corpus um based um how may I say it works so yeah, that is one possibility for example, finding the connection between different meetings. Then I don't know, I mean at that point it becomes pretty much crucial the kind of uh data you have in the sense that for the way we have collected the data some way I don't know if it can be at the same time too easy in the sense that some way you have little groups of meetings extremely correlated. So I mean it it makes it easier. I mean I don't know how much significant can be at that level. It can be I in a sense, if you want uh this kind of words become interesting when the corpus is really big uh uh when when you when you consider each meeting as a single item. So it's interesting when you have tens, hundreds, thousands of meetings, which is not the case. But I mean you can do other work if you consider in terms of speaker turns or in terms of slides, and that is immediately multiply. Yeah. Yep, yep. That is another So it can be one more feature that helps in but it is very short-term. I mean just uh well it is ju just few few few times we talk together and it was just, mean, the very quick thing you can can have uh like this. Mm-hmm. But I think in a sense in my opinion well there are two things. When this uh statistical test it can be we have made an experiment we get a result somewhat counter-intuitive we give an explanation. And uh that's it. I mean that's that's something that some way closes here. So when it gives you the kind of answer you get is that okay to go in that in that direction maybe is not the best thing. Maybe to improve the recognition that way is not uh something you can expect. So it gives the possibility to decide to go uh in a different direction that can be more on this uh let's say. This is Hmm. Mm-hmm hmm. Well uh I think the advantage eventually w I mean the advantage with this kind of things is that are much easier. Gaze tracking is still Just with the environment is a difficult thing. I mean it requires cameras with pretty good quality, et cetera. Uh but I think his question is more uh general. A and it says so I mean based on this work, do you figure out uh a direction if they guess correctly. Uh a domain, a direction for your thesis for your exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. One domain, yeah. Not a collection of little uh things completely unrelated. But uh That's very Mm-hmm. Yeah. M but still doesn't solve the problem of saying what I yeah yeah, sure sure. What I what you are going to do for your thesis. I mean as Herve said, I mean basically if you have to explain in four lines what will be the topic of my thesis, the subject of my thesis. And it is something that is not just saying I'm going to do uh this this this and that. I mean because this we actually don't know. But yeah, in a very broad sense I mean w what you're going to investigate, what kind of uh If I interpret correctly. Then uh one basic thing I suggested even thinking about I mean is exactly this stru all these scenarios that can be a meeting, that can be presentation where you have a s a relationship between speech, between things that are said and uh some textual documents some way. Why not try to to to to study this relationship, to improve this relationship, to use this relationship for um mm whatever it is, indexing or annotation or whatever, meta-data extraction. And if you want for example this little work uh about seeing when the slide channel is background and foreground is not beginning of this kind of thing. So a relationship between two channel that provide some kind of information. Mm-hmm. Sure. Sure. Sure, sure, sure, sure. Mm-hmm. No no, be careful. For the recognition in general there is no correlation in the sense that even if you're talking about what is on the slide, most of the words you use most of the words you use are not really correlated to that. Are simply words. And consider also that we all speak English here. And apart of uh native English speakers we have a very limited vocabulary in general. So we tend to use always the same words. But on average, you know, linguistic research shows that on average the people use five hundred words. That's what we have a disposition. And we say everything uh yeah. We say everything with that. And probably we, not a native English speaker, we use even less. So that's gives an idea of why basically in terms of recognition it doesn't really help because you always use anyway the same words. And a few occurrences of words that are there in terms of recognition make one, two percent. So maybe it's not enough to justify uh an effort to improve the recognition. Then you can change of task and use a task, the task we were mentioning about the back channel or foreground channel. In that case the only words that really are important are those words that appear on both slides. At that point, I mean, a little improvement of that, it becomes a big improvement. I mean maybe in terms of recognition it's zero point five percent. But in terms of that task is maybe twenty percent. Yeah. Yeah. That's another interesting point. I mean we are using data that are fake. Any uh in any case they are simulation, no real data. And especially the slides. I think I've seen those slides. I mean they are pretty much artificial. Exactly. But but not pre-prepare. But Yeah, but Yeah, I yeah, I mean uh everything is pretty much artificial. That that's what I mean. So you mention for example this uh fact that sometimes uh speakers tend to read. This is especially true when you have bullet list, huh. Sometimes people really go through. It didn't happen in the data simply because uh uh it was not the same people prepa uh exactly. Ah? So for example it will be possible in any case because the Herve's infrastructure is ready and now we are going to collect the presentation. There maybe we can see The audio is is is very bad. I I thing is really You know, that was collected m a little bit like this without uh too much care. It was it was uh a personal effort of Mael that decided to do it. It was really good to do it. It was very good. But basically it was made without any specific um,you know, without thinking we want to recognize, just to have them. So the especially the audio channel is absolutely awful. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh that's uh that's that is one of the reason for example why which uh mark we point pretty much on slides as a mean of indexing. Because at that point there is no interaction between humans and capture. Because whenever you have microphones that you have to move, it's it's it becomes complete uh really Yeah. We are building this slowly. I mean it's it's unfortunate. I mean is is is taking time for the material and so on. But yeah. There will be this. Uh it will be one camera pointing very general but just for display purposes essentially. One uh microphone. And we are thinking to use uh lapel microphone, you know, this this thing. And so that potentially helpful hopefully helpful to to do recognition. And to slides through the projector. Wo Let's say that uh in any case uh w well there are two reason. First of all we are trying to do something that can be easily the the the idea is really it's something that you take you bring somewhere else and it works. So it must be as easy as possible. But in any case I mean the device we are doing has input channels. So some way you can add as many input as we want. So we are dealing now with three. But there are other input uh lines open. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Although at that point we can use this. I mean I was mention the the lapel microphone mm just like this. But if you tell me this, that's very interesting because at this point we can use this kind of things. But I don't why why not uh so there will be other data, their test data. Uh and especially for this kind of problem I think it can be a much more useful kind of data because there is real presentations. I mean is it's reality. You know, it's it's it's uh y n it it it it's exactly. It's more realistic and um yeah, probably it can help go in this direction of saying well let's see what happen between speech and slides. Uh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Okay, that is cool. Yeah, yeah. That's cool. Uh yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's a it's a European project anyway. So I guess uh it must be available somewhere. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. M Yeah, mm-hmm. But only we're measuring one third. It's not At least in no, I'm uh talking now about um the meeting. How presentation, of course. On presentation it it should be one hundred percent, yeah. Yeah yeah yeah, of course. No, that is just something that in my opinion uh with the work that's been already done is something we can get pretty quickly. It's an interesting task. It's more specific on uh meetings. Certainly not for uh for presentation. And it represent a nice task that can be measured, that is clear and Mm yeah. Yeah. Uh i in terms of actual recognition can of course uh help. So it's it's uh but of course not going to be it's not going to be a kind of thesis about this. No, that doesn't make any sense. I mean That uh, in a sense, if you want I mean that that's at least the way I see the that list I have made for my own thesis. I mean uh you define that domain I mean which is uh large, I mean which can be very general. So interaction between uh speech and slides, cool. And then you see how all these things, this two little works, or the statistical independence. And detecting when it is uh are two little works that some way fit in that very general uh framework. Shown from this point of view it n that things mm there are other things, for example one that I really would like to do which is kind of fun. So when you have a bullet list can I click on one of the bullet and get the piece of speech where the guy was talking about that. Because sometimes people just read. Sometimes people uh im improve is more uh so for example that what that's another thing that fits in that kind of uh mm framework. And that's interesting in terms of uh I mean first of all again is measurable in terms of browsing, in terms of retrieval, in terms of indexing, annotation, meta-data extraction. That can be applied in many That would be you know, that uh that's uh that's something uh you're maybe joking now. That's something that can uh be done for example. And uh some way there are parameters that can be measured that tell you that following certain uh criteria uh there is one very easy for example. I had the the the sp there are speaker that never look at the audience. Those are bad speakers in general. It's very wrong. You have to look at the audience. This is one. There is for example, and this is something that eventually can be done. If you have a certain number of words on your slides you need a certain amount of time to read them. The speakers that take a time which is too close to that, they are not good speaker because some way uh um they're talking too fast. They are not uh Yeah, they are not giving you the time. And there is a certain number of things that can be uh some way detected and measured that tell you whether the speaker is actually respecting some form of uh uh. It's a bit uh of having difficult and uh I would not um go that much in that direction. I mean it's uh but you know you know uh Figure, you know Tables, number. Ah, visual things. Well, that's for example with uh we submitted a project with J Jean-Marc um to use that thing as meta-data. And basically one thing for example we're trying to do and and again, this is something that can fit, huh. It will be not uh maybe. But but uh if you get the project, et cetera in any case it's something that Jean-Marc and me we want to do. Uh based on the kind of graphic object you have, so tables, questions, uh figures, plots, et cetera the side one for example, it is a result. Try to get so that's again in terms of structuring, browsing, structure and retrieval, okay when it is a result. When it is an introduction. When it is uh Yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Uh Um It's not really true. It's not really it's not really true. Yeah, yeah, it's not really true. Yeah, that's o it's one of the most funny thing, I mean you can see when you work in this thing. Each one of us has an idea and then it's not true at all. I mean s some people actually are stick very carefully. If the p if they put in the outline uh let's say title one, title two, then you'll you find title one, title two. But many other people, and I am one of those people for example, are much more general. So my outline is something like introduction and experiments, the results, conclusions. You don't find the same title in the slides. It's it's really a different style of uh there are people that don't put, for example, outline. We were uh for example in the um corpus of M_L_M_E_, so the one is on the demo. Fifty percent of the presentation have no outline. In the corpus of the TAM two thousand four, TAM presentation, twenty five percent of the presentation have no outline at all. That's that's uh what yeah, uh w it is. And basically that's that's uh and again, the outline is typical maybe in scientific presentation. Well in that case that majority has. Other kind of presentation probably no. I mean it's it's an habit we have. But um you but again uh I mean unfortunately th n there is nothing true. Nothing true, is is everything is chance pretty much. So uh that was on on possible work. Mm-hmm. Not maybe. For sure. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I see. I know. Yeah yeah. I know, I know, I know. I see. And so essentially say well as there is this silence time which tend to be even more than than how it is, so better to have a kind of silence detection. So something that really takes this and they recognize only that uh that part. This will improve the phoneme uh recognition rate. That's what it of of course, of course, of course. And at that point, even the uh call router that uh Jean Jean-Yves has uh made can improve uh its performance. And it can be used after uh tool for the measure work. Uh That we got. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Sure, sure. Then oh yeah yeah yeah. I know. I know the problem. I see. I see. I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I see. I see the problem. I'm not not sure it's. Yeah. I'm losi No. No. Mm-hmm. Mm.. No no. Basically because it was not at uh at a level that could be anyway. So the idea was good. I think, yeah, with a better uh phoneme recognition rate definitely it could uh improve also the the call routing performance. Nope. But we can we can find. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. But we can some way find a guy. I mean this should should be have all details, so it should be relatively easy to at least this is the last news I had and then I can try to get him back. Uh Yeah. No, going very pra pragmatic uh there is a submission uh deadline for example thirty one December for conference on multi-media and expo where I think these two little works on So it can be It's as a proposal. Because as far as I understand this work on the phoneme anyway still takes some development time in the sense that uh no? Okay. I see. Mm-hmm. And Yeah.. Anyway the good news is that there are results. You are you have just to to decide uh, yeah, what what what uh what you want to work first and and and finalise. I think you can really start finalising mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah it's okay. So the tape is ta tape is at the end.