And it's always the other way around, that's how you put it on. I think the the most of the bad words are at the beginning when the people try to put in on. Huh. Whoo. Ah, I cannot put it. Oh no no, not at all. Well Geneva, that's why I'm here at IDIAP, because I attended Geneva Eurospeech. I c Why, why you cannot? Mm-hmm. Exactly. Meet Okay, so you attended mostly posters, I guess. So how many presentation you you I realised it were that there were panel discussions only at the place where I could see the the t t you know, there were some boards saying that there is some panel discussion, uh but I I couldn't get no one knew where is it, what it is, where it happens and why and so forth. It was com Yeah. Finally I found, but Well, this is not this speech is not restricted only to papers and these things, you know. So how did you like Lisbon then? Yeah. Yeah, w we went to the Costa Caparica there, with the bus. We we were we were supposed to take take the direct one, but we didn't. North? Okay, so you stayed at the at the same coast, not not you didn't go to the island, cross the river where where is the bridge and and then okay, so that was a different place. Yeah, with Hamed uh Hemant and these people. The more south to th the hole through the water. Huh. I was I was very surprised that even the trams did have a A_C_ there. I couldn't see it at at all. Yeah, r right, but can you imagine something like in? Uh it's A_C_. Well, it it was much better if if if you would have to spend a hour and a half that uh Hemant and the others spent while going with a ca uh with a bus to to the conference centre from from the the hotel that we were. There was a direct bus and it took them hour and a half then. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, that was the right choice, but to take something which which was uh direct, in quotes. It was n not the f direct as anything else, but. Uh it sounds sounds like. Let's go on, this was just a Of what? Pruning of covariance matrix. But what what does it mean tied then? Uh yeah, but then you have to store the whole matrix and plus some extra information what is tied to what or b Yeah, but Uh I don't know about anything like this, but Tying. Mm. But ooh the the main point is to to uh like make it faster, the the the decoding, or what? Well that's possible, why why it should be i impossible? So it's completely impossible to do it with full covariance matrix? Why? Yeah, computationally e expensive, but Of course, from the point of view of computation, but otherwise it's there's no problem, no? with okay. Okay, so so here you have to choose either many many things to store and huge computation uh Yeah, yeah. No. Uh depends. So. So there are no results there? No Hmm yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Why it has to be online? Okay. Like extended as as more as much as possible to keep the okay. Of course, of course. Whoo. Yeah, it's right. This is maybe because of F_F_T_U_ or these things. It's no not as small as as it should have been, but mayb maybe because of other processing after. No? Yeah. Well noisy, yes. Overlap you mean. Uh w how do you mean to say? Uh Um I have two questions, first is essentially how he's doing in that. No, well uh once he gets the frame, like from here to here, then where he advances to to start with c computation of the next frame? Yeah, mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Fu ok okay, so do what do you mean full? Some some sub-window or the the whole ten seconds of speech or what? It has to be also some somehow Okay, something longer window than the one we are speaking about, okay? Uh w Okay, so you have a window and then you split it to s two parts and you shift the the point where you split it or okay. Okay, splitting point, okay. Okay. Okay, so basically we have two fixed points. Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay, so once you have say one hour of speech, you start at the beginning, and first you try with twenty milliseconds. Then you shift to twenty five and so forth until you Okay, and and you find the point where where what? Where where do you stop actually? Yeah, mm I know, but you start at twenty and go to sixty, but where which point do you choose? Uh okay, but which which likelihood ratio? Okay. Yeah, but uh likelihood, that's something and something. W what is likelihood? Okay. Yeah, but it has to yeah. Okay. So it's basic So Mm. Yeah. Yeah, but still. If Mm Yeah, but why do the main value which are comparing to, the the the overall value or overall likelihood or whatever you call it, why he's using the whole signal for this? Because so if the whole signal was uh steady somehow and it it would be able to be modelled by L_P_ model, well, then the residue will be very low. So he's supposing that the whole signal won't be able to to be captured by L_P_ model and that the residue would be high enough or ho wh why he's comparing the o to to the overall? You know, I I don't see the point of dividing over the the whole stuff. Y well, sounds sounds reasonable. I see, I see, I see. Okay, that's reasonable. Because actually if it if if uh the whole signal would be able to be modelled by L_ uh by L_P_C_ then anyway he has to design some some framing. So even if it's very stationary by d um by dividing over this whole stuff, he is able to find some reasonable boundaries. Um m ma makes sense um. Okay. And Mm. That has to be power, not energy definitely, no? Yeah, but it has to be normalised. By the length. Then power, instead of energy. Energy over length is power. Yeah, yeah. Duh duh duh duh duh. Okay. So but this so two things I still don't understand, thi this is supposed to be only for M_F_C_C_s and these easy features ah, one question I I wanted to ask before, does does he preserve within the feature vector the framing he's using finally, because does he somehow put the information about was the size about the frame to the feature vector itself or he's throwing away this framing? Something like this, because the recogniser could be good for the recogniser to know what was the chosen framing by this extraction. Okay. So so it n uh it might be bad for then for the back end, it might screw up the the t speech rate or normaliser. Huh. Oh, probably I didn't get it too, so the framing is actually equi-distant. Just the windows are wider oh ah, I see. Because it would be crazy, yeah, a little bit. Oh I see, so so it's it's like this. Yeah. I cannot imagine the transformation to get the modulation spectrum out of such a stuff. Uh. Mm. So why don't you still use it? If it works so well. Yeah, but you do the speech coding, so do you still use it? Why? Mm. Uh. Uh it's interesting, this. Well there should be after each conference there should be something like ten people should sit down, read the papers, and then rank them. You know, a all the all the all the similar papers within one session say sp uh focus to this topic, and say this is the best, this works slightly worse than this one, and throw away what is not that good and and th the first three three papers which are the best shou should be implemented and used from from that time onwards, like forget the all the M_F_C_C_s, because it's too old, and then start building the story on the new stuff and not 'cause it's Yeah, it is but I know, I know, uh th this is just a theory. Because Mm yeah. Yes, and I want to yeah. Yeah. It looks like Mm. Yeah? Yeah. Because to me it seems that everyone is still comparing to P_L_P_s or M_F_C_C_s, and there are so many new systems and everything is new, but it baseline is still uh t twenty years old and Yeah? Uh yeah. No okay, so So it should be every papers then should contain all the results from NIST evaluation or some standard task then. Otherwise Uh uh that's the other yeah. Okay, so it could be you you would have to publish the results on this standard task, and then you could say well, I also tried on this and this Yeah. You know, but then then only it makes some progress, this. Mm. Yeah, but can for for example can you use from some data from from the L_T_ world? For training say? Yeah, but they give you also training data or only the testing data? Oh, i uh since this is only okay. Okay, so so they give you only the training or development data only? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Uh. Al almost. Yeah. We are a couple of people at IDIAP and there are already two s two different setups. Stories and numbers, or Yeah. Uh I think we use di distinct train and test set, even se the different sets of phonemes. Different Well, I don't use only digits. My M_L_P_s are trained on everything and uh test set is digits, yeah. For for what? Ah. Yeah. Yeah, you cannot play with that. Because of the voices wouldn't be comparable then. Uh. Hmm. Because who is the one who makes who actually uses what we d try to do here? These are companies or because it's not scientists, scientists just start from P_L_P_ and then design the new features, new back end, or new anything, but they start from the old stuff. But who is the one who is using these results which we publish and try to make Yeah, but once you once you finish your P_H_D_ you go and it's over. And those who don't? They stay and publish another papers and they but they they don't turn into a life, no? into life. Mm uh-huh. Because I I won Yes. I wonder which level they are using out of what is there. Hmm. Yeah. They grab Hmm. Hmm. Okay, so we can hope that Nokia will be using tandem tandem P_L_P_s. Yeah, I cannot. Huh. So it's not related to ICSI. Yeah, but it was Mm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Because they grab whatever is certain to work, and they they use it. They don't use anything which is to uh too new which is not that safe. It's like a it's like a NASA, you know, they use four, eight four, eight, six, machines to to to to put two n uh space ships, because it's it's known to work perfectly well or Pentium, not any P_ four or whatever, because it's safe, it has been working for twenty years, and then only it safe to put well not twenty but it's always yeah yeah, of course. Of course. Mm yeah. Mm. Hynek also told about this Cohen ce cell phone, which he was showing to to work l uh with the L_V_C_S_R_. He he was saying that there is something really really uh simple, the decoder I mean, not the features, but he was mentioning something to the decoder. This is just there is almo Yeah, something like no D_T_W_ or something, I don't know, I'm not really sure, but he mention that Hmm? That was impressive. Yeah, but it's that's a similar one to what Herve has, for example some he was showing it uh live on M_L_M_I_ c last M_L_M_I_ conference. You can look at the video and play it uh. It uh I'm not sure. Yes, commercial phone. What do you mean, always? Well, they they just bought a mobile, and based on the O_S_ it's using they they they developed the software. No, this is the development phone, this is not the commercial stuff with the software. They just use the device. By by what? I don't know if it's already the case right now. You had to get used to the system, not the system to you. It's nice. By the way, you should be the one to ask is there anything if I'm just a p private person and I want for free any software which is able to read me a book in English, uh for example that Festival, am I able to put the text to the system and to in real time to listen to the output? Festival is able to to to read just a mm normal plain text in reasonable comprehensible English or so that I can understand it? Non-native speaker? Mm okay. Yeah. And it's in real time on a reasonable machine? Okay. Okay. 'Cause the the diphone that I was tried to install it and there there are the voices like cat voice and these voices, this is not the one? Because uh I don't know which which um what i what is running where uh if it's diphone or which uh approach this is. Yes? So it's uh just uh wha samples of the diphones, and it choo chooses Yeah, on my on my laptop. Or here. Yeah, you can you can easily yes, I d I've tried, but there are some built-in like easy voices which you can y uh there is a default one completely synthetic, which you cannot understand at all, and th then there is a diphone synthesis I think it is the diphone synthesis from the some like something like cat w voice and somethi this is so-so, but it's this doesn't sound very nice, and we were playing at the uh summer school with them, actually with the authors, and they were playing us some other other approaches, and it it sounded like a human, it was great, but Yeah. So this is not this is not for free or something. But it it's not here so far. Okay, I'm I'm fine with this, but I can make it run on my machine. Okay. Okay. And and the engine is is in the Festival itself. So it's just a voice to to okay. okay. Mm-hmm. Mm mm. Okay. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Okay. Uh it's right, I mean Yeah, I just s use the Douglas Adams, uh uh that that book, you know, the mm how it's called? Just general English textbook, I I cho I tried. No, the T_ T_X_T_. Yeah, ASCII file basically. You have to but you can take a P_D_F_ and convert P_D_F_ to ASCII. Yeah. It was a line with hashes and it was hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash hash. Uh I'm not, then I don't want to go too much into details, just a little bit. Mm well I can prepare s sorry. These are the Edinburgh people, no? Mm-hmm, yeah, voice. That I know. Um uh. N uh. N uh. Mm.