Oh what what is the topic here? Well, I guess so. I couldn't. I would like to change. But I cannot. Well I think that I'm more now. Much more than me. Because Oh. Okay. Yeah. To the D_C_D_. Oh I cannot say it. To the Hilbert envelope you mean, no? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why that? I don't think so. Yeah, I just re-wrote in in C_ plus plus. I didn't do us so much on that. Well, we we tried uh many knobs to tune on th on that. Because you can decide what compression factor and everything. So I tried a little bit like um pick maybe three knobs and try to go through the three D_ three D_ cage to see what happens in which which kind of settings. So this we did. But we we didn't because there was still a question that I don't remember right now. Because there was some essential question I I don't remember, I would have to look at it f and because be before I wou before I we could u we could write anything I I would be have to be sure that something is right there. I couldn't be sure about it at the time. So and anyway, it it takes time, this this computation. It's it's very inefficient. It takes like hundred times more than computing some M_F_C_C_s computing these features, because it's uh huge D_C_T_, huge F_F_T_ everywhere. And Yeah. There is no optimisation. We just stick to the TRAP. We wanted to make as close to TRAP as is possible, which is silly, but that w you have to start somewhere. Yeah.. Y okay. So so what well, last time we we were s talking about what, about Gaussians? You you have the Gaussians running somehow. Like feature extraction. And then the tandem training c also, so the you are able to train the net now. No. No so they are going from ICSI? Huh. Yeah. Eh? But who who is the one who who is now developing the Quicknet and these things? The the M_L_P_ four and these things. Because it's It was Barry? Ah, I see. I see. Well still we have the experts who who made the software on here, you know. Olivier Bornet and Uh Quicknet training. Yeah. Yes, but Olivier make it run on on these machines and make the uh cross the two G_ barrier here at IDIAP. Because we couldn't we couldn't do something, I don't know what. But he is he is no good in Quicknet, right, I s I guess. Yeah. Um okay. So so? Right. So you just miss the back-end, which is easy because it's H_T_K_, it's everyone knows here. Okay. Yeah, okay. A and you you just need from us to hear w what are the other p front-ends and other features to to choose or something. Okay, so how do we do it? Shou shou should I list it? Or Yeah. Well, uh like I I d I distinguish between feature extraction and then the M_L_P_. Because see you feed something to the M_L_P_ which are not the waves. So so well and that's that's what I call it. And then the back-end. But okay. Well so what what I have here, what I've been working on since I was here was M_F_C_C_ P_L_P_, which is always needed for compressing purposes. Then TRAPs with w various lengths. And also uh you know TRAPs now? With var various lengths we were trying to to start them from from on the ultimate length of one one uh frame up to one second or even more. But it was mm so this. Also w then we apply the D_C_T_ on the TRAP itself, which is some something like the Gaussians. Applying some filt filtering. Basically the TRAP. So this. But this is mainly Franta who was doing this. So this is related to TRAPs. I was also trying the warping. Means if you have a second um which is uh a hundred and one samples, I was just keeping the central ten ten samples. And then I was throwing away some some of them, you know. Like with sampling this this uh one second of the TRAP to something which I which I uh preserved all the points in the centre and just uh picked every tenth point at the boundaries, which means the TRAP uh hundred and one TRAP trajectory shrank to say fifteen points with uh with still preserving the maximum resolution at the centre and throwing away most of the points near the boundary. So this I was trying. So these I have some results on. So these are TRAPs. Then the Gauss TRAPs. Then tandem system. Uh the tandem you plus minus half. Because that's that's just a P_L_P_s. And then there is a training uh with M_L_P_ that's taking some context of these P_L_P_ coefficients. So it's like feeding the P_L_ uh P_L_P_s or M_F_C_s, w whatever to M_L_P_ and taking some context. This is the tandem. So this set-up we also have here. I didn't experiment with this. But maybe you some more results oh it's Hemant who has the results on tandem I guess, no? Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. But uh I think the uh I think the most important results are already in the thesis he's writing. So so is there some somewhere. So this is tandem. Uh then uh then what? And then there is the F_D_L_P_. Then we can talk more about. Which is which I have more experiments on. Also this warping and compressions and all these things. So Well it's bil still sub-bands, no? Well yeah. But that you just didn't talk about any sub-band so far. And by the way, you don't do the overlap on the sub-bands, no? Or you do? Yeah, but you don't do the overlap on the time domain? You said somethi yeah. Okay, so that's the difference. Hmm. P_L_P_s. M_F_C_C_ or triangles? Okay. So you know about this compression, how how does it why it's okay. I just don't know. Ah he's new. He's he's doing you most of the things. So Okay. Well what? I what? I I d yeah. Well the beginning of the Oh yeah. Sure, sure, sure, sure. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So um just they in th um in the speech uh re-synthesis or coding, what you're doing, um did you try to to play with the knobs somewhere. Like uh many uh uh v widths? I m no no. The compression number of bands and lengths of the so what you what you were playing with and what other result? Like what to use so that it sounds the best? Yeah, o of course you you listen to it yourself. I d I'm fine with that. Because Yeah. Okay. But If you go down? I see. So so you won't say that the L_P_C_ is not able to fit it so that the residual was easy? Will be hero. I don't think so. No, no, no, no. are not supposed I think you have to push it push it as much as possible because it reacts to the Yeah. Yeah. Oh which lines? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Mm-hmm. I see what you mean. This is the sub-band time signal. It's Yeah. I see. Okay. So Mm-hmm. I see. I was thinking the residual in L_P_C_ fit of the Hilbert envelope, not this. I was not thinking of this at all before, you know. 'Cause there are three things. First you have to encode this, then the L_P_C_ coefficients and the residual after L_P_C_ fit if you like. Oh you don't This is the residual? Yeah. Well i Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That that's nice. Okay. And so so so the so the broader bands do what on this picture? L left left. Hmm. Yeah, that that's Yeah.. Although Herve just said that we shouldn't s talk about confidential things here. That's that's the problem. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh okay. So so there is a compromise between the the lower bands the the worse stuff you just said and and the more bands the more coefficients to transmit. So fifteen is about okay. Okay. So this. And then there is a compression. What about that? So that you get so that you can't model it actually. Yeah. Of what? Oh oh oh, compression. 'Kay. The sub-band signal. Sub-bands power spectrum. L_P_C_. L_ uh L_P_ Yeah. S Well yeah. Yeah, yeah. Go on. Uh Yeah, they are. About three papers. There was uh the s s s SAPA or how it's called, the confere then then And one is in in the America uh yes. Yeah. I I don't know. I just n You were You don't know. Evaluation, that's that's bad. 'Kay. Yeah. Also I can um before Marius left, he he has he had actually left himself. But all the files are here. You know. So all the m MATLAB implementations of these are here. And there is also one big table that he used he used to yeah. He was also playing with all these compression factors and lengths of the of of that. And there is a big table in in Excel which you can look at. Yeah yeah yeah. This wa Uh yeah. Because it it it took a huge amount of time. And he basically he he was the first one to realise that these these guys are pretty slow to to do these things. So he he he just uh he just uh put here the P_ make environment and he didn't stick to any cluster or anything. He just put P_ make and run it on uh on all the machines here. So at some point he was using all the available memory by any mistake, you know. So at th in the morning all the machines were were just stuck. D no one could ever m move the mouse. So these these resul yeah. Because he was doing everything in MATLAB. So it was again ten times more demanding than C_ plus plus and then Mm But he did. He wrote it well. But anyway anyway. Because I w i in the code that I wrote I was like playing also with if if the mat matrix is parse I really don't use it all. I just multiply from here to here from here to here. Not to matrix p my matrix. And then I I just optimised it a bit. And also BLAST libraries and all these sta things. But okay. Oh well whatever. But the t Uh Yeah. Yeah. But there is a the back-end recognizer which I will give you which is turn-around of eighteen minutes or well from eleven to fifteen minutes. Normally it would take hour and a half. Yeah no. No today it was over one hour. It's just like ten times less maybe or five to ten times less. But still still you can you can five times more compute. Great. I have to talk to you about these. I I don't know. I I didn't try to. I didn't even mail to to Chernotsky, I must say. Uh I just talked to one girl there which told me that he would be possibly able to find me a job there. Any any job, like related maybe to field. But job. Not not anything any research. So if if nothing then then I could be able to get the job somewhere. Yeah, probably. Yeah, but t s but yeah. 'Kay. We hope that you find out that everything was wrong and that the potential is much bigger. Yeah, it actually work that too. No. But after you find out the back then it will be that will be the yeah. So we will send you the papers related. And I will point you to all the code which I have. And yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I can play it back. So I can just now tell the the locations of all the files and you can rewind. Yeah, yeah, ferret. Um so Any any more things? Yeah, until twenty four. It's the Friday. So November, yeah. Mm.. Mm-hmm. It was yeah, the last time it was for me it was good, the course from my from one special reason, because in the f when there th were the flats in I lost all my papers from my school. All the all the exercise books. Um how to say this? Note note yeah, all the notepads and everything, all the notes from any courses. So I was remembering what I was learned or what I was taught at the time. So so I have it now back, at least partially. 'Cause all the all the algorithms you were speaking about Yeah. Uh uh I would add Yeah. Now. Mm-hmm. Mm. Oh. some Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and also in the in the l lab labs the d people didn't know anything about it and they just follow the papers. It was Yeah. Uh Not to this topic. Yeah, but anyway after I'm back I'll be still on Skype and all these things, so no problem to contact me until, I don't know, May next year. So it's fine. Well I would like to, yeah. I should. But I would have to study here for that that long time, no? I th Two two years, yeah. And I would have to stay one more. Uh well it would be good reason for Petra that I have to stay here.. Yeah, yeah. Because she has a good position because she has a friend which is starting who is starting a lab there. And everything is it's a great opportunity for her at least. But the problem is and then she will go back and there's uh f family issues and all these things, you know. For a girl it's always the pain. Because she has to break for some time, at least a little. But has to break. And in in the science it's not that easy to to break. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, but I think definitely you are the best person here to with uh related to availability of you. Because if if if I want to go to Herve, I probably call secretary. He's there or and when I can and i there was no op uh no ev every time I came to you you were available. At least it That's great. You know the core, which we don't remember anymore programming. We know the details and you know what what is th what is the global stuff. Uh ask Hynek. Ask my boss. Yeah. Yeah. Oh.