Yeah. Yeah, you can go back up to the feature, you know. Up to Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you can then you know, because if most did it on, what, numbers and one of couple of C_T_F_ experiments, right? No no no, no no, I uh probably might Uh. Yeah, but the wave file is th that's in the temp only, right? So so the only thing is that I can recover it back from Berkeley No, everything we w if th if they say that we cannot recover it, then I can quickly get it back from ICSI in a couple of days. I can put all the system back here. But uh Mm yeah. Yeah, a lot of time no, it I can dow obviously downloading is another thing. The only thing is that I have to do is that they have uh data in uh one particular structure, so I have to first of all, you know, organise create tar files, and then I can get it back here. Yeah, that I can get all those things. All th all those m yeah. Yeah, but the those files can be recovered easily, only thing is that uh now if they had to say that we cannot recover it. Uh uh one uh one uh day one o one, two days, like this week I can wait and see. If they cannot recover it, then I can just get all the data from ICSI and put back the C_T_S_ system. No, we cannot do. Yeah. Everything that. One one. No, no, but they're they're they're down in the database section. Yeah, except switchboard but the switchboard also we have it, but only thing is that we don't have all the data we need, yeah. No no, it is dead. Because it was that now No no, it w o ori originally done. No no, it is even in D_V_D_ form we have it, that the No, except uh except time. How much time we want to spend again to get Yeah, it's Mm. Mm-hmm. They are they're it's it's it looks like if you get three disk gone, then it's very difficult to get it well like fine if it's one disk it's fine because at least one is having the uh mirror mirror, so it will recache on the mirror. Um but uh if the three disk are gone it's very difficult. So I don't know how it went, like usually while as soon as one disk fails, it should be replaced actually and uh I dunno. Mayb yeah, otherwise it uh it'll go on destroying other disks. So i so the one so they I don't know how it happen, you know, such a thing like usually as soon as one fails, it actually notifies the, you know, the system administrator or makes certain kind of um noise. Uh yeah, to to make sure that, you know, it has to be replaced. So w uh if it the disk is not replaced, then it w it'll fail. It uh then then it uh there's a internal recovery if it just r replace the disk there. It's it it can internally it can quickly recover everything into that disk. Uh so so it's like, you know, if you have a mm mm uh um if you have It's kind of like essentially if it is like hundred twenty, hundred hundred G_B_ data space, then it essentially will have a hun two hundred G_B_ only stu visible data f to you. But then it can we as soon as they replace one of those hard disk i it can it can from the other one it can recover everything on that. Inter internally it can do that kind of thing, but if the th if the three disks fail, then it's it's it's yeah, a really difficult job, I don't know how it can be recovered. Probably the mm one way that they extend the har the hard disk to the people who are experts, and they do like sector by sector, block by block they try to recover. But that's it's very expensive. Uh th simple, yes, the simple thing might cost you minimum ten thousand Euros, fifteen, something like that. I don't know whether it was insured. I don't think insurance company will give Mm-hmm. No, it does, because it was not temp one temp two, but they have the same mm it has three G_B_ three disks, hard disk category. And so you can go up to fourteen or something like that, but it can be on the same yeah. But so it tries to put if you it tries to uh quickly put things uh if this way that so that and but only thing that only one has the mm um backup, keep taking up the backup there. So it puts everything mm quickly, it can decide wherever it wants to put, so it's faster to do that way. Mm. No, I think that uh soft name they were given the Yeah. But then what are the use of raid then? No, but that is what the raid can allow you to have keep up to fourteen hard disk. It can allow. Yeah, so it they have five, and you can go up to fourteen if you want to keep there. And it can still work, and it takes the and the way it look like it it's still tolerant, you know. The way it it usually it does it if you one this crashes before uh i uh um if it uh replace quickly, then no problems. Otherwise unsaved data will start the first thing is to get lo lost. Mm that's the thing. I um Temp is no well, it's a I think they can they can they can do, because th th some some of these people that expert there are couple of experts, so they learned itself. So. If they can easily recover it, well To do this kind of thing, you know. Yeah, it depends on the job. You know, sometimes the small hardware thing, they might do it to then, you know, five thousand Euros and all. But if it's very much detailed work, they will just i it the system the the whole thing starts like this that you have to give your credit card number and sign a form and then only they will start touching your hard disk. Yeah. No no, bu no, th they will No no, that's what they say, like you do it, then send it the hard disk, then they will say okay, we can do it, and then if you do it with only with only yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Then what did they estimate of that? Yeah. I think that is yeah. No, it it is up to, you know And in fact if they they can go a lot, but you know, they can go block by block and look into it and try to recover, but um that Matthew will want to go or not is the question. Yeah. And it's like forty tera. Four tera that's forty tera. Yeah. Four thousand G_B_s. Yeah, that's a that's a big Mm um Yeah uh. Mm yeah, it's a. And Hemant how uh how do you want to go about it? Mm. No, I will say how do you like to go about with ICAS? Mm. You did it on only one. And they were then. Yeah. He use the triphone M_L_P_ and get uh No,. No, I I gave yeah. Yeah, it yeah. No no. Uh yeah, scale like uh scale likelihoo from uh t uh M_L_P_ Yeah, well yeah, so I j I d do I did try it yeah, th that's how you do that. No, but I think what I think there is still some data which is recoverable. At least they could give us time to I think that uh the most of those things should be there. I can hope it already if they could No, you don't have to write, but you could read, no. Yeah. So Daniel is well in Italy? Yeah. Oh, that is fire will lose all the data, you know. Physically, uh yeah. Yeah, physically it is updated. No, I think there is sprinkler or something around here, I hope so. Yeah, in fact they distributed the whole thing around. They may not have it in one place. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, something like that I can recover. No, but For example f phonebook I can recover everything on phonebook, because I have it on the C_D_. I wrote it once time to copy it to my home, and so I have all the data of my C_D_. But I don't know if I had I copied all the numbers that are on that, so. Data itself. The whole feature to everything. Features, segmentation, every label file, everything is there. I could recover it back from there actually, but temp. No. No, i uh Not Only good thing is that the numbers I think I pretty much can recover all the even the f triphone experiments. Because I think I have kept those labels, all those things in the speech directory. A P_ file of it. So it's easier to it all back, all those labels and everything, yeah. P_L_P_ should be there. I re should have kept the P_L_P_ also somewhere tha N mm, the the extra work on is like, you know, converting the segmentations from monophone to triphone, this kind of thing. Then the all the scripts are there in the temp file, that kind of thing. I uh like no no no no, no. No, what you do is like you have the segmentation to train that for monophones, right? You can uh you can convert the same thing into triphone segmentation, because there is monophone and triphone, they are not different, except that you're just going to give a different label to them p depending on the context. So it's easier to convert that segmentation directly here rather than now ugh you know, you say the point that if you lose one uh so uh so the thing is that I have to recover means I have to recover through the pho no monophone segment segmentation to triphone segmentation, the whole thing. Yeah, it's okay. Th that uh numbers it's very fast, so it's no problem. Yeah, so it's yeah. Yeah, but right now you the thing is that right now you know almost what is the uh like the which will give you the best is also you can cont instead of running it hmm. Yeah. Anyway mm let's recover it. Ho let's hope the best. I think I think we have spent Uh yeah. Okay. Fine. Okay, fine. It's all, we have to leave fast.