. The show must go on. You can say then you It I th I thought it was called PAS, so I think just use this. PAS. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Well I suppose uh I suppose they can capture things, right. I mean don't s I don't see why you could not capture the videos I mean with a card like this. I don't know. I mean I don't know. Well as far as I as far as I know, I mean they do of course they can do of course slide detection. Change slide change detections which uh of course what I understood is also they try to recover the layout somehow. I mean given the slides but they are in no case they are extracting the text from the slides. So with in uh in uh all the cases what I've seen, in all the cases I've seen I mean they s assume that at least you have like a P_D_F_ version of the document or what. And basically they try to match what is displayed to the document. So first they need to extract the information from the document, which is not does not seem to be so trivial, at least for uh because they're also working with uh maybe more complex documents with images and text and so on. Maybe with slides it's ea it's easier to extract uh the information. I assume it's ea it's easier indeed. But they uh assume basically uh that they have this document, which is something somehow we would like to relax uh because uh people uh like in it's you may not want each time to ask the person. Maybe the person has a point point, not the not a P_D_F_ version. Or maybe he's using Excel to do a demonstration or something like this and we'll want to avoid this. Mm. Mm. But but most you would say most most of the points for us I mean would be valid. I mean slide transition we would use slide uh need to do it slide transition. To some extent we would like to extract some elements of the layout to disting to have a more high analysis. But we would like to do this more automatically and in particular for the text recognition to do to be able to do retrieval uh of slides or points. I mean of parts of presentation. We would like not to have to rely, yeah, to a first P_D_F_ version or any version of the document. So yeah. So the c you have bought this card, right? I mean you say this is a card. No no. Yeah. But I mean this one is the I_V_C_. Okay. So what I want to say is on this card there are four inputs, right? Okay. Not n so enough uh well, yeah, yeah. I was thinking to some extent nothing would would prevent us uh from also acquiring the slide, but really the slide stream from from this card indeed. Right? Or Yeah. Okay. To capture the slide. Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean just because we cannot rec uh we can w something we cannot do with uh it seems for with the high q quality uh capture uh device is to have a stream. I mean the stream. Right, the full stream. So we can tape snapshots. So basically it might be interesting to have still um uh the s uh the slide stream so that for instance if we detect there is a new video that is displayed also on, to some extent we could just cut this videos to keep it and to be able to replay it uh later on and so on. And maybe indeed if for instance the slide stream on the on the right is automatically synchronized with the other parts of the video, it may be easier to s to uh synchronize directly by some some matching process. The slides, the high quality measures we have here, we've directly yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So at least uh this is not at the electronic level. But you would say as a contents from the content level, doing an alignment from the slide stream and from the snap-shots we would have on the other side w is something that might be possible. Of course if we have some, you know, some constraints given by the electronic, I mean it's that's better. Uh because of course first the process is going to be easier and it may be just a few signals that we have to align on the other parts. But I think I could see I could imagine that this could be a reasonable process to do. And it especially because this would solve some of the issues regarding I mean like the possibility of d of displaying videos after from from what we record. So yeah. Well, this is more or less what we just discussed, right, if I understand So like the Diva project is a tape free, already smart meeting room, huh? Okay. But this can be done automatically, right? I mean is the okay. So at T_N_O_ they have something? Ah, okay. Okay. Yeah, okay. No. No, that's what I was thinking. Yeah, so currently because there is a time code, uh video time code, you don't care about the frame dropping I mean because anyway, in each in the video signal, it is encoded the time, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Well, but you don't I mean at this point you don't really care because I mean in the signal you can extract the time. I mean the time stamp is i in the signal. So if you drop some frame, which happens sometimes when you do compression or acquisition uh you you uh ev you will automatically find this in uh the signal, right? I mean it's encoded in the in the image. So you can you can do it. Otherwise uh if there is some frame dropping, you have to rely on the number of frames you are counting more or less I suppose to to assess it. Uh so you have you have some problems then, yeah. Okay. Which i which was more or less T_N_O_ S problem with respect to frame dropping, right? Yeah. Well I think if it was not a problem of frame dropping, the alignment would have been quite easy to to do. And the Really? Well, so it was not such a difficult process then. Yeah, but if it's only to find uh one of set, you have to find some exa some examples. But I I had the feeling that they had also some frame dropping that was uh no? Okay. Okay. Then that's fine. Yeah, but maybe there are already some machines, you know, uh uh. Uh Yeah, I mean just that, you know, if of course you don't want to have a c other libraries that may, you know, conflict with the one you are trying to use. At the same time, yo see, if you crash a machine I mean because you are doing some test, you may not want to have what's on your machine I mean to uh to be to be uh de erased or whats whatever. So I think it's so maybe there is a machine I don't know whether for this you need, you know, a very powerful machine and so on. But maybe there is a possibility to use a current machine which is only u yeah, that's is withdrawn from the network or yeah. The card. Yeah. But still, I mean even if it's done on the card, you need to basic thing you need to check is um is a bus, right? I mean the bus writing, I mean the speed of uh the bus. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So C_P_U_ itself may not be so. The access, yeah. So can we expect a Christmas uh gift? Uh Mm. For instance I mean the test of looking at their entry goes point by point. So looking at their code I mean uh so you said you would look at this, right? Or is it okay. 'Kay. Well uh Because I mean I mean the I_V_C_ system, I mean it's uh i so my feeling is that I mean people have expertise in this, like in Fribourg also. So I mean I don't think it should take a lot of time I mean just to look at this, right. I mean at least one month seems to be uh quite enough for this, right. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because anyway, this is what you are working on, right? Is the I_V_C_, but using the signals that are coming I mean so basically it's using the I_V_C_ okay. Okay, so currently you are not working on this. Okay, then we need Yeah, that that's that's so that's one of the issue I mean that uh maybe uh,I don't know w whether you realise, but of course if we have this in two years, maybe okay, it's good we have it. But of course it's it's on the it's too long I mean in terms of in term of research, in terms uh maybe even in terms of innovation I mean if you think about this, which is, you know, what uh they said. I mean he was speaking about innovation. This is probably one, an innovation. And the the I know I'm we we see quite well why is working on this, right. But in two years, you know, if we want to do if we want to build a C_T_I_ or transfer technology and something like this, you know, maybe you c of course, okay, people will say yeah, but there is already something that people have started to put on the market and so on. So it maybe not the it's it's too late uh to to do it. So I think this is really so this is one of the points, respect to research of course, it's I think it's going to appear more more and more, and uh Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Because when when you say here now no, I'm not going to start to working on this before January, for me this surprises me to some extent, you know, I'm uh I thought I mean you would you would be working on this. So if you say okay, now it's uh yeah. No, uh oui. No, I mean the point is that Olivier will r you have I mean s since one year uh you have always been saying that you want to be involved in this and so on. So it seems that it has never been a priority. So that that's uh that's the point. So if you have no time to put priority at some points and this seems to have been the case during one year on this project, I mean you need to say it now. I mean that's the point now. So this is Franck At least uh say this to us and we'll see uh with Franck. And again, I mean this is a question. So now you are saying you have no time. So now you say to us. So now we understand and we are maybe after, when we if we discuss with Franck uh Franck Crittin or uh uh Frank uh Formaz and we'll see okay and go and try to see. Okay apparently uh he has no time to to work on this. So we think it's important and we'd like to to do something. So what kind of solution, as Alexandre mentions, i do we need to take somebody, do we want to do we need to take some intern to work on this, uh and so on and so on. Do we take to have uh somebody uh for contract, even if it's not an intern but take somebody for six months to work on this. I mean but so this a point. I mean uh y I don't know about the other projects you have to do. I don't know with who you are discussing about the time you are you can s uh s spend on each of the project. But if y because now you are just telling us you have no time indeed to work on this, right? Okay, so so okay. Yeah, but I mean c it's yeah, but Well I mean uh I mean you have people that are aware of uh M_F_C_, I mean I mean people uh I suppose at H_U_V_ there are some people uh where I was in Le Mans in the U_ B_ uh I mean there uh would be obviously some some students uh that would be aware of and that could be able to handle this. I mean they are working with software and hard both our software and hardware. Uh I'm I'm sure the s se Because uh so so Olivier says it's not before January on his side. So I'm not sure about uh on your side, whe what's your yeah. Like what? One day a week, uh something like this? But Because uh because there are there are several issues I would say. Like if there would be a machine like this, with the two cards separated as I mention. I mean if we record le the flow of the video for instance and the snap-shots from the slides to some extent there is some possibility of doing some automatic alignment without having a special, you know, synchron so this means that to some extent we could have a device which would not yet be fully synchronized and, I don't know, we've uh you know very well done uh code in terms of sending signals and so on. But that might be sufficient, because I mean it synchronize up to, don't know, five seconds. And you would say five seconds may seem a lot for audio and video. But maybe f respect to slides and the rest is not is something that may be tolerable. So still we would be able to start doing some recordings and maybe uh doing even the automatic alignment, or at least we would have an idea about, you know, what are the problems in terms of alignments. Uh do do because it's not like with microphone arrays where you would need micro-second alignments, of course. Uh or even maybe with we want video where it may be one or two frames, I don't know. So this is really some somehow I mean the uh the the issue, I mean I'm sure that there are plenty of possibilities to do things. And the goal would be that indeed we could start uh rec doing some of the recordings of the time so that indeed we would already we uh we would have uh something where uh we could uh start getting the data. Because after, I mean even if it there, we cannot put all the times in one week, right. I mean so and uh so I mean this is uh this is one of the issue as well, which is to have it so that we can play and we can make a nice demo and so on with the full uh thing and something. So f the other part is to have a system which from which we can already record data and with some approximation. And I have the feeling, given the descriptions that you made, that to have such a system wouldn't require a six months of work because basically their own code is there to some extent and uh the I_V_C_ is something quite standard from which we could ask I mean even we could even pay maybe pro some people from Fribourg, I don't know, I mean to come here and to and to help us with the installation on a computer and uh and uh to to to get the so I have more the feeling that this is something that could be done almost in one month. Again, I'm not speaking about the synchronization I mean as Yeah, I mean the two yeah, yeah. Yeah, the for instance a simple question maybe you can are we sure that it can work on a single computer? I don't know. I don't know. I mean is there any uh issues with respect to this? So this is yeah. So it doesn't require it it's more testing it does not require so for this we I mean if you put the two cards on the computer, you put the two then you you basically you say play on the both sides and you look whether at the end you have uh a recorded signals which is is is uh the time that it should uh be and uh or whether I mean the fact that whenever I mean the slides is doing some uh processing uh it there is some and there is some frame drops or things like this. So this is uh Ah. Mm-hmm. I'm I'm wondering whether still we could ask for to get an intern for this. I mean uh Yeah, this is uh still uh even even the non-diploma work. I mean the things we could ask uh but I would yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Well you Yeah, that's that's the issue. Yeah. Well, but yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think it's Uh