With the lapel. So we I think we organise uh just to to discuss uh To discuss uh, yeah, the project Alexandre and uh Jean-Marc uh proposed a about uh capturing uh audio, video and slide uh in a synchronized way. And so we will start with uh an introduction. Uh I think Olivier prepared some slides about uh reviewing uh current systems. And um And then, even if we don't have many things to to talk about, just to to start discussing about clearly the project and also um dealing with our kind of timing constraints. And uh The U_ U_S_ U_ uh U_S_B_ cord doesn't work? And you didn't put on the Maybe you can access through the network. If it's on your H_. Or it's on uh your D_ machine. So maybe we wi we will be able to. Should work. What? So um w yeah, we had like five slides y uh presenting different systems. And mayb maybe you we can do that at the white-board. I it's a bit stupid. But uh y you know. I think you remember well the different uh parts. And uh I'm sure uh we can do that at the white-board. Yeah, it would be great to use the white-board. So the the the first one is uh SMAC. Okay. Yeah, maybe yeah. Just a review of current systems uh to introduce. Well, cheap meeting room is the, you know, mm it's a conference room? Or Yeah. PAS. Alexandre. PAS. Yeah. P PAS project. Smart mediat uh Smart Minutes, but uh I thi Diva. Because a Sma yeah, Smart Minute is all the process of capturing the minutes automatically. But it's Diva we can say. Free. Mm. Doesn't matter. Yeah. And this the three of those are the v the the video And uh I'd like to add that this c I think it's quite ambitious project because it's with uh the CERN. And they w they uh already worked on uh a European project called InDiCo, where they they have uh release, deliver, a full um kind of conference uh uh software. And uh to to manage uh all the the conference aspects uh uh we have in a conference automatically. And uh I know that at Fribourg they installed uh already in in a in a big uh amphitheatre for students. And I guess it's currently working. Ah no. Either just to uh in parentheses uh we didn't choose that um that solution because they had no um the the slides were not captured very uh in a very uh precise way. That's the point. Okay. Otherwise they uh it's fully automatic? Or have have you discussed with them? Did you discuss that? Is it fully automatic? You don't know? Okay. But the p i But i i it all synchronize and i is it doing all what we want but without the slide uh precision? Okay, yeah. Yeah. And uh okay. And we are su and we are sure that in that uh context of SMAC project with uh um Fribourg working on document analysis uh there were not enough precision un enough resolution in the slides? Mm yeah. Okay. Talk conference.. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm.. Okay. Mm-hmm. To c to capture Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah.. Yeah, different requirements. Mm-hmm. Hmm. So you you would you c you can uh link like this? Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Tape free. Tape free. D_V_ tape free. Yes. Mm-hmm. And that's what you they use more or less in T_N_O_ also. They didn't have uh tapes. But with different cards. They had something. For the AMI project. Hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Because the synchronization problem comes from the the grabbing from the D_V_ tape in in d in D_ Vix. So it's afterwards. Mm. Oh no, it's impossible, yeah. Mm they didn't have too much fun grabbing. The problem is was that it was not synchronized. So the time code was wrong for for the different videos. They had the uh uh at the beginning of the video, you if you saw the time code, it was six hours ni uh fifty minutes. And h there four hours thirty two minutes. So it's it was a problem with the time code. Well, that's what they did uh manually after the afterwards. But they didn't have too much frame drops in fact. No, they d yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm sure. Because Well, it's manual to to synchronize it, the frame. Yeah, that's what they did. No no, because uh we did the software here and it they didn't choo no our uh software. Packet. And this is no no no.. And this is done at the um you have libraries, et et cetera to to choo well uh a all you you are saying about uh asking about band-width, et cetera. It th when y uh you use a system um hardware. Yeah, yeah. So we don't have to code all the communication process, et cetera. So just for explanation. Mm-hmm. Yes. Okay. Yeah. So we need uh well, this is will be done together t like in to to try to divide the time uh what do we do. Um we we don't want today to to put deadlines, you know. But um what we have, what we can do and how we will be able to do, I was thinking uh for instance uh in th in what we have um uh because I don't know a lot about um using uh like uh D_L_L_, M_F_C_, uh uh Microsoft software. But I'm very happy to to go with that. And uh so what we have until now is the software that Darren did for the frame grabbing. And and actually I c um I can start playing and uh looking at the this uh in detail. So Darren software About um frame grabbing. Sup I suppose M_F_C_C_ no uh, not M_F_C_C_ but M_ e M_F_C_. You heard of that. And uh D_L_L_, et cetera. The all the Windows uh uh pro programming. Um so this is one uh step. Then um the audio video card um so so uh first uh we need to look at this, to look at the demos that are uh i with the what they call the S_D_K_ uh software development kit. Uh demos, test. Um testing the card with uh only one audio for instance and then only one video. And e even uh testing with only the slides uh to capture all the uh like what you were saying, the the s uh the video s uh stream. Well, slide stream. The frame You mean the frame grabbing card? Yeah. They have S_D_K_ uh software development kit that is based on uh M_F_C_ libraries and C_ plus plus libraries. Okay. Okay. So once you we've tested the individually the card, we can test to synchronize the audio and the video together? Or is it no, it's synchronized? Or okay. Okay. Okay. And the i th now we are, as you said uh what not now but uh the next point would be to use that card with the other card and to merge the slide signal with the, well, um the s uh yeah, the synchronization signal coming from the frame grabbing card. It's uh it's it's not a synchronization signal, it's a slide with a t Oui oui. Yeah, we will. And is is it external to this card? It's external? Or it's i So it's external. It's not in this uh card. And we don't have to buy that? Or well uh to to uh at least the basic. Okay. And that will will uh will be will help us to synchronize the this frame grabbing card and this video card. So uh t yeah, we need to do some tests. Reading and yeah. Okay. And then when we have okay. Where do we do that? He we don't know yet with Frank if we install this card maybe here. Okay, and at IDIAP it's possible there. Okay. Mm-hmm. Well on my machine, his machine or this machine maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. issue. So yeah. Uh uh mm. Yeah, Christmas two seven. No no. Um yeah, that's good question. Yeah, Alexandre did not care too much about the way uh you i no no no, but uh you are more in research. Mm-hmm. Okay, I said at the beginning of the meeting that mm uh well we're not d doing deadlines. But uh yeah. Mm yeah. No, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Ye well, we would look both at. Because we are also both uh quite busy with other projects of course. Uh e H_F_E_S_ database uh with J_ Ferret uh Okay, this is between both. Yeah, of course, yeah. Ready to be used. Yeah. So uh Data. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So yeah. Let's see. From fro for checking Darren's code, et cetera we can expect until uh And yeah, for o one months or so, then uh the uh the i uh I_V_C_ uh w with the people at Fribourg have uh yeah, okay, so uh at Fribourg we we have Mm-hmm. Okay. And then the direct show. Or yeah. So we can say we try to to make something for April. But uh well I I want this to to work in the for the time uh in the mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Uh i mm-hmm. The Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. O one student or yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And we can ask help uh Mm-hmm. I it's too late in terms of research uh mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No no no no. We understand that you we cannot wait uh we were here one year ago uh, I don't know, and also when it's was uh going uh the idea was appearing and Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Personally I want to be involve in that project. A acquisi uh some mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. With I_M_ two, I_P_ one. Mm-hmm. Fifty percent on on I_M_ two, that's it. It's fifty percent, no? On I_M_ two I_P_ one? Okay, maybe in fifty percent uh on that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Why this was, yeah, mo yeah w I don't want to talk too much maybe. Uh but uh with Sebastien, sorry this was maybe uh his concern. And yeah, Bastien is busy with uh annotations plus all kind of things. Uh maybe we can in the process we can ask for someone more. To work on that. Well uh uh that's what I I was Y That's what I was trying to do and I before coming here I just tried to to make uh uh a plan. But I don't answer, yeah. W well the let's say uh April O_ six and uh we do uh our best with uh trying to keep you inform with the advancements. And if we see early that clearly uh there i Mm-hmm. And it should be someone with experience in C_ plus plus M_F_C_. Uh Yeah. Or a student. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No, no, no. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm.. Mm-hmm. Well I would like to to to work on p kind of part time uh uh w o yeah. Yeah. And one full day a week. And I would okay, maybe you won't like my answer but I would say that um we ch we we start but we h we really have to start on working wi uh reading all the code from Darren. Then this um card with the code, I_V_C_ card, and to to try this. Then we try a little bit direct show to see um uh to to have an idea of how how long uh that could be. And then at the moment we can say okay we need someone to help us. Well, w uh let's do that. Let's do that. Okay. Fo Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yeah. To So without direct show you mean the frame grabbing signal and time alignment? Uh wi that would be done uh in like in common software that we have uh afterwards? Okay th and this point is about testing and uh yeah. Okay. So you could say okay, let's for Christmas let's try this without the all the synchronization. Uh with direct show issue. Okay oh yeah, you are you cannot or o l uh by doing one one day a week, mm you know just I think the cards. Okay. Anyway, the recording is finished, I think. Yeah. So I try my best until January. And um and I try to do what Jean-Marc uh described to give you a first feedback on the different cards. Uh and uh and from there it would m yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I would say uh let's let's yeah, let's try to have one uh students uh to help us on that. I don't know. That is very well, we have to choose whether the students it's too it'd be stupid. But uh uh the the student should have knowledge about M_F_C_ with oh okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Doesn't mean that we d we have to to stop talking yet. But uh the recording has finished.