Okay. So you start I think, right? Yeah, so we are going to talk about the papers from Interspeech. This is not a good question, I think. All of them, of course. All of them, of course. Oh yeah, that's true. Okay. Bad answer, right? Like Yeah, I it's not every year, right. Yeah, we met in also in I_C_S_L_P_, right? The first time, so. Yeah. So how how did you like the conference anyway? When in compared to to th the others, the previous one. But Yeah. Right. Oh yeah. He was from Australia, right? The guy yeah. Uh he's very famous I think for that, right? He's the the inventor of that implant and for for the ear I think. S yeah. Mm. So you went to a beach? To a like Atlantic sea coast or yeah? Uh-huh. Uh it's not so far from Lisbon, half an hour, mm-hmm. Uh northwest mm. Yeah. Yeah. But I think Lisbon those days are pretty good, like seem to me quite not cold but still okay, like reasonable. Oh yeah. Yeah, I was happy to be back in Suisse after few few days it's better to be here I think. Yeah, it's big city, many people and Yeah, yeah. Those new only, right? Not the old one, but yeah. Yeah. Ah it's not necessary to have it, maybe. Some time, yes, but not so many days or Oh yeah, yeah, that's true. Conference. Yeah, yeah. It's Better to ta Yeah. The easiest way. I don't remember the name. Is it there? Yeah, i it's supposed to be there. Oh, you've got the s Yeah. Uh-huh. Like No, I don Right, mm-hmm. Yeah. So they obtain better results with that finally or But Right. But if you compare no, if you compare it with some baseline, let's say you use just G_M_M_ with diagonal covariance matrices A and no decorrelation before like uh Yeah. Or L_D_A_ is there or Yeah. But but there must be the sense, right? Because once you decorrelate the data, then you don't need to have full I know, that's so that's that means that the decorrelation is not uh optimal, right? So so that's the reason. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. It is, yeah. Uh no, there there is not Yeah. Right. Right, right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, definitely. It's almost impossible for like L_V_C_ aside, impossible to use it, right? You've got dimension thirty nine times thirty nine? Yeah? So yeah. It's impossible to use it. And you cannot even train it, right? More or less I think. Oh, so that's interesting. Mm-hmm. Much longer. Shorter, yeah. Right. Wh what is the minimum and maximum? So it's not so mm Two point five milliseconds. Twenty milliseconds? From Oh, yeah. Right. Sure. And the shifting is still the same, or not? O yeah, yeah, overlap. So Like um no, how many frames per per second you do have? Is it again like uh one hundred frames, or it's less or even if you keep variable length of the frames, right? You can still keep the same frame rate. Because I understand this would have sense for, I don't know, speech coding where you want to preserve uh or you want to encode it into less frames, right, but why do why to do it for speech recognition? It means that uh Yeah, no, wha why to keep variabl variability in the length of the frames? Wh why not to keep the same length, what is the Yeah. Right. Right, right, right. Mm-hmm. Right, right, right, ri right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right, yes. Right, yeah. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Well Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, probably. No, I don't think so. There is no information. Hmm. Yeah yeah yeah, right, right, right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it might be difficult. Mm mm-hmm, probably. Who knows, maybe it's possible to use it somehow, but then there is uh information about temporal information is somehow included in such yeah. Yeah. There is also some um like uh not paper, but I saw the algorithm I have been using even that called temporal decomposition, I don't know if you kn you know that like Uh I don't know who propose it, I just had it from from BEAMbot for like a BEAMbot, do you know the guy? He's French um somewhere now in teleconference like mm I don't know where he's working, but th we were using it for uh speech coding, so we just had a speech and you had decompose a speech into such segments, temporal segments which were stationary inside. And then you can more or less uh quantise those segments somehow and use it for encoding let's say, or and it worked prett yeah, yeah. They were using like S_V_D_ stuff, singular value decomposition for that and it worked pretty well, like I was surprised like. Yeah, yeah, exactly, uh he was using that. Yeah. Oh well, it's it has been used for speech coding. Nob nobody use it for recognition stuff I think, I never heard that. No, I don't of course. Yeah, that's good question. Maybe. Right. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's true. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's true. That's important. All the papers. Okay. I think people wouldn't like it. Many people wouldn't like it. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah sure. Exactly. Right. And everybody's uh like uh using different training and testing data and then you don't know if like They show it works for TIMIT, but then you try to use some different databases, you see it doesn't work. Yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah, you can. Yeah, exactly, yeah yeah yeah. NIST evaluations. Yeah, but nobody you know, it's those new systems are still not general, like you know, like those P_L_P_ and M_F_C_C_s, because everybody knows that di it worked somehow, right, for any kind of data. That's why they're comparing to to that, so. Once somebody will come with something new, okay, he he's showing it works for some datas, but still yeah, yeah. First it's difficult to to show that it works for all all the datas, right, because it's really and Yeah. Yeah, that's your choice. Mm-hmm. No no, i just for Yeah. I think so, yeah, probably, mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ri I It's just T_T_S_, right, text to speech? Right. Mm-hmm. Right, right. Are they? For O_G_I_s? For O_G_I_ numbers? Different setups? Like some people use this setup and some people that? Uh-huh. So you just Oh yeah. No, uh it's. I dunno, I I've been working with that and Right, yeah, yeah. For noise conditions, yeah, it's pretty good. Well, th those f recognisers are are made there or just you just use them, that's it. You don't have to play with it. She even is f it was forbidden in the time, right, so you have recogniser, just use it. Don't play with it You just play with the features. Yeah, right, exactly. So. Yeah, yeah. Ri right. Yeah, yeah, I remember. With David Pearce he was. Yeah yeah, exactly. We are using those results more or less. But not everybody go. Not everybody. Many people stay, so. Yeah. Yeah, sure. But exactly. No. Well, many people place with Tandem, right, like M_I_T_ or who is using that some not M_I_T_, but somebody I dunno, Hynek told told us that somebody's using that um very actively, like okay, it it works for them and and they are close to like industry like uh you know, there is it's a research group of I know, I don't think it's ICSI. Somebody else or I don't know, somebody new uh s but I think some t somebody like A_T_ and A_T_ and T_ or what? Oh qu yeah. You me I don't know, he's even if Qualcomm? No. Now y oh yeah yeah. For right, right. No, I don't know if it's Yeah, I think so. Yeah, definitely. Maybe they are using P_L_P_s and but I th I believe that there is still some stuff up to yeah, for RASTA or whatever else, like all those decorrelations and transformations. I think it's there, but more or less it's again based on M_F_C_C_s or something like that. Or maybe traps. No, more or less I think yeah. Right. That's true, it's true. But that's different situation, because right? They need that it doesn't create that much, yeah. If something happened with the machine and uh I don't kn the alloc system, it doesn't matter, right? Somebody will fix it and change it, but Sure. Yeah. Even even not Viterbi, just even something simpler. Yeah. Uh I don't know. Do you think so? Yeah? Oh yeah yeah, yeah yeah, that's true. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Even on the phone. N some new one or From that C Cohen's? Oh, uh-huh. And but which uh phone it is? F Samsung, something? Where uh some but some which you can buy, right? It's It and you can train it, like only your speech or it's general uh it's quite interesting, yeah. Okay, uh-huh. Or you you can just buy that application, right? I don't know, like it's like you you've got some mobile phone, and then you can buy from another company some such application wh you can dictate your S_M_S_ or whatever. S I don't know if it is done now, but like But have you ever used like dictation system for Windows? Those uh there were many of them. Yeah, drag the mouse there. And I heard that it worked very very well. Um Alright. Right, newer speech, okay. Okay. How to say okay. Mm-hmm. I think, yeah yeah, definitely. It's based on the diphones diphones, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think it's very good, yeah. Mm-hmm. So you've got it installed in your machine here or Festival, right? Okay. Oh. A and have you have you tried it? And? So you can Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's very difficult and Yeah, yeah. And you just uh have chosen some text? Any text you just put in and Okay. And it can read uh how does it read, from which um from which uh how to state it? Uh is it uh possible to read P_D_F_s or just standard text? Whatever, T_X_T_, right, files. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well let's Oh really? Anyway, who is the author of Festival? Edinburgh? And I thought it that's the guy from C_S_L_U_, from Portland, who was there during f Yeah, but there was No, no, but that that was the guy who's on a wheelchair now, he cannot m move even, he's very in like indic how to say that? Like he cannot have he just can speak only through some Festival system or something like that. He was the auth no, yeah, h he was working I think in w O_G_I_ even, he's very famous, but I thought that he was the author no, it was developed for him, like he was just first tester I think of the system. Something like that. Like it's not t text to speech, it's just the uh uh synthesis, which means which is more or less the same, but I dunno. Yeah. So it's somebody and Simon King is playing with that, right, the t guy. Okay, okay. I think that's enough. No other papers it's just one paper and and Festival. From Linux, it's very im interesting. Yeah.