So is it correct or no? Hmm? Yeah. Well, so we hope. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh, this is is frozen frozen okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah,. Perplexity, uh. Yeah. Oh, no re no I don't even remember the the you said I would tell you that evaluation should be done based on likelihood or perplexity. Well it's bu yeah, it's basically the same, but I dunno. Yeah, another task or Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No no no, i no no no no, it's doesn't have to be that if if you use the latent representations or distribution over aspects, you could use this to save two documents uh in the same directory or not. And this you should be able to evaluate then. Um Yeah. Clearly wha we we had done these. You can train after that uh an S_V_M_, saying this is category one or two on the label document, and then we will have an unlabelled document and you just say this is directory one or two. And if it should improve it, if you say this feature extraction process is better than you can have a better cleaner separation between those two. Yeah, well but Yeah, well, but I mean if you have to judge it's with respect to a given task, I mean you can't say of course it's always good, because it's maximising the likelihood of whatever. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, it's the same. Mm-hmm. Fus. Mm-hmm. Yeah. 'Cause I don't think there is any way to say generally this this is better or worse. Yeah. It has to be re it has to be really to with respect to this, this clustering makes sense or I dunno. Yeah. You can e even keep the bag of words and do the cosine comparison or Just showing just showing how just first how better this is with respect to bag of words and hopefully then how you new uh regularised P_L_Z_ given D_ is. I dunno just uh yeah it's basic. Mm-hmm. But Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just know where. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. No, it does Yeah. It doesn't have to match. Yeah. But yeah, it just re Mm-hmm. Yeah. Because the the latent aspects really doesn't have to match the final uh directory category. It can be anything but it's just a way of saying yeah, those documen documents are similar in some sense. So Is it just it just sometime dangerous to say th these latent aspects means this. Yeah, I think yeah. Good, good good. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and the others usually don't mean anything, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. For your model, mm, good. Nerd. Nerd. Mm. Yeah, cars and web. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Which ones, uh? No, no. Hmm. Okay. Well in in three months. Oh yeah, it's too late, three months. We should wait.