No. I don't uh Well I guess it's just a restriction we took. So so we don't uh the m amount of money we have to spend. Otherwise we could have uh we could imagine to have a whole table of of uh s well, of L_E_D_s. And then y you can really start to to some regions of the table. So yeah. Oh let's. Does Yeah, I can just explain my project. It's completely different from this one. Well, it's also about tables, but the idea is if uh uh the several students come to a table with their laptops, they should be able to to share information easily. And uh in fact w what we we are doing now, we project um another screen on on the table, and different people are are are able to use their their mouse of their laptop to go to the to the project screen there and uh the project screen is just another Windows machine that is running. So you just have another f computer more or less you can use, but you can use it with your your own mouse and keyboard. Exactly. But uh in contrary to to having al another keyboard and mouse that only one person can use, now the different persons can use the the screen um at the same time with the with the mouse. I'll s still the same subjects. It's it's collaborative work. But uh It has nothing to do with uh audio processing and uh L_E_D_. So Anyway, uh I think the the details of the implementation is not that important. It's more important that first we want to to have some events like two people are talking or one one started and another started and uh well, more or less broke into the speech of the first person, and so on. And then you can start to visualise these uh different situations. Well that's uh I guess it's first prototype i you see we start with uh people two people talk or and don't and don't they. Uh afterwards uh one could imagine that you for example you can detect that someone is a bit angry or is uh yelling. And wi with different colours with uh with different colours on on table you could uh display this this uh give some feedback. But uh Yep. That's uh Once we get the hardware. Mm. Yes. Everything from um multi switch administration of uh audio and how you can uh analyse it, uh what information you can get out of speech and so on. So Probably it's uh it's f be a good idea if you have s two uh with um with source like uh books or web page centre. Give a lot of information how it is audio programming and so on works, cetera. Maybe you you know some at least a good book that's uh dealing with this stuff. Mm-hmm. And is possible to do this in real time. That's uh No. Yeah, but what happens if o someone is standing then? Yeah. No, no, no. In fact uh that's uh it's another thing, this optic. Well uh m we have Ye Actually, it's not really an extension to the first box, just an indu industry standard uh uh protocol between these two uh Well well there's a special protocol to to deliver uh audio signals and uh its path through uh o um Well actually, just to have the the ICSLA e uh possibly to to branch ICSLA. Hmm. No. Uh-huh. Well uh so you say this one already works to uh to tell the the direction. Um would it also work if you placed uh the microphones at at the border of the table? You see, now you you have it quite central. And uh what happens if if you put them here on around the table? Would it work as well? Or You just didn't try? Or Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, it is clear, this. No. Mm-hmm. No. You lose information. Um. Yeah. Well that's something with F_F_T_s. And the phase. So the magnitude you don't really use? Or and for this uh Well uh uh uh I did a speech processing uh course and I'm not sure if they a uh they also um mm learns that that. We more used the face than the magnitude. So uh I guess the Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. And what happen uh if two person are talking at the same time? This it just get two sectors that are higher than others, no? Sounds. Well uh uh Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, it's more than. No, it's uh Mm-hmm. I'll show you this afterwards. Now if you don't really detect the pitch, ch can say that uh no persons.. It's not really meaningful. Well if you do this. Somehow. Mm-hmm. Mm thanks. Well, otherwise it could also just rely on the frequency band separation and detect that way the different persons and th then you don't really know where around the table these. But uh Well d depends with how you do it. But if if you place the the microphones uh n yeah. Uh That way you can separate where where is the the voice loud with uh or the loudest. Well it's quite different thing and uh you don't really get uh a name for it. But uh At the end it it depends a bit what you want. If you are I guess it's completely other approach. So uh Expensive? Ca can you uh say a number? Okay..