Okay. Mm-hmm. Or actually look at the pitch, no? Don't ask me how it's done I I know the theory, so, yeah. Isn't it the pitch and the frequency? The base frequency of the And if you have both you can um well, you can compare this to to one stored and so get out uh which person it is. Pardon? And uh well, the things that make the sou the voice. Yeah. And and the the holes in your head, everything, the the nose and so on, and that's that's really uh unique for ev well almost unique for every person, so. Well once you get this information, your frequency and uh your vocal contract or how it's called, uh y you can use this information to compare to to to the frames here. No, but No no no no. That that that everything is done through through the voice here, you take a voice of someone, and then you can get out this information, it's it's not p it's clear it's not perfect, but s it's enough to to to use it for for different purposes and uh Um not not that, well uh as far as I know. Actual Is it called P_C_M_? I thi um well it's it's not a technology s yeah. It's more or less used this to compress audio. I have to I want to check it, I can show it you afterwards. well I did a course about it, but uh I shouldn't say it too loud, because um the professor is working here at IDIAP. I should reread what I signed there so. Well uh it I'm even not sure if it's that important to know which person is talking, because uh if uh if it I think about a table, or so something uh physical, uh you just want to know in in which corner of the table uh speech is coming and not uh which person produced the speech, so. Yeah, but it's not really related to the ah, yeah, I see it's uh you need a bit both uh Sound. You might might want to do. You need to separate it. No, but I think once you have the voice for a person, you can start to do this and uh once uh people have speech recognition or uh far enough to t Mm uh. I think so. The link. Mm. Okay. No, I think does this work, email? Does it work if I put in my email and uh No, if it's not uh I guess you would have to install it and so on. Uh no no no, you see uh I thought you can put in here your email address and and just uh do this and then it mails me. Yeah, you see I want too much. And after all Matlab is also programming, so it Mm-hmm. So. Thank you for the information.