Yep. Right. I think one of I think w, yeah, one of the things that we should also keep in mind um when we're doing this I mean our company's slogan is we put the fashion in electronics, right. So I think our kind of our target here is to have some kind of very like sleek nice look remote and we want it to be functional as well, but I think one of the main selling points is that we don't want it to be clunky like like this thing here. You know we don't wanna a big clunker. We want something that looks nice and it's fashionable and so That's fine. Okay so so you all know me, I'm the Industrial Designer. And we've some basic components that um our remote is gonna need, just basically every remote'll need 'em. We need some kinda of power d power source. Um we have to decide on our our user interface, which is his department, but the in user interface is also a major component. Um we need a programmable digital signal processor to um to take the input from the user and translate that into uh into electronic signal, which we pass to the infra-red L_E_D_, which you aim at the television uh which and it receives that signal. You need a on-off switch um I don't know how that got in there. And uh we also need to um have the if we want a universal remote we need to have encryption codes for the different makes of T_V_s. So we need to know all the different you know all the different signals and so that'll require some memory as well. Um so here's just a basic layout of how how the remote would work. You ha the v the power source is in the upper right-hand corner there, and you can see that uh we have the user interface here which is connected to the chip which does all our signal processing, and then passes that signal on to the infra-red L_E_D_ and that signal is then emitted and received by the television at the photo-transistor. So those are the basic components that need to go into this and everything else is pretty much uh open to move around. I think any des No. Right I think Yeah this is just this is just a basic layout of ev of all the components that w w are gonna be absolutely necessary f to have a working remote. We can add things in like if we wanted some voice recognition, I mean that I mean that you can kinda say would would fall under the user interface and the digital signal processing chip. But Um well the most the most costly components are gonna be the chip and the uh th it could als basically the user interface and the casing are gonna be expensive as well. Um the L_E_D_ and the the transistors and everything else are you know they're they're pretty cheap. So depending on what we want our functionality to be, um the chip could be expensive or it could be cheap. Um depending on the n amount of memory we need in there and stuff like that and h and h you know how much power. Uh I don't have any figures right now. We uh we have to wait until we get to a more specific design phase for that. Um but and I think a significant part of the cost could be the actual the actual casing itself and and you know the the b the buttons and things like that, I think. Yeah. Basically yeah. So yeah. That's all I have really. Click, don't Yeah. Mm-hmm. Right as far as i it's just uh the cost of an extra button. I mean software-wise there's really no difference. I think. Scheduling. Um to find out what what you're watching even if there's commercials you know. I think I ha I agree. Well for me Yeah. Unless you have a Yeah. Mm-hmm. I think a lot of that's proprietary anyways. You're not gonna be able to, you, like command a TiVo with our remote. I don't think. I think if it's possible you should try to you know have a talk with management about that. Just you know Right it's just not Yeah. Well Right. I'm just thinking you know with all these universal remotes that are out there, how many people how many people actually use every feature that ar you know i like these trainable remotes and things like that, where, you know, it's just so confusing to do to use all these functions. Where I think the largest portion of the market is just gonna you know they lost their T_V_ remote, they need another one that'll work with their T_V_. They want something that looks nice, that that that isn't gonna break when they drop it, that you know that maybe it's it's ergonomic, it feels good in your hand, something like that. I think that's gonna be where you're gonna find the biggest, you know, market share. I think the more bells and whistles we add, it's just gonna cut into our into our profits. Because I think as we as we add costs for things like uh for like if we add the voice recognition and things like that, I think you know what percentage of the of the um of the market is actually gonna use that? Maybe five percent, you know, and how much Right. Yeah okay. I'm sorry. Sorry boss. Yeah. Well it's kinda both of us. Us us user interface. Mm-hmm. I was thinking about that. Then your lights would go off, though. Yeah. Right. I don't I think all these things are pretty standard. I think we'll be okay. Mm you can just click. No no no you just get off that. You just click anywhere. I have an idea. And it's kind of along the s lines of environmentally sensitive, and it may even fit into ergonomics, and even kind of address the issue of losing losing the remote, what we were saying it's a common issue. Um what we can do is, well you know that batteries throwing a aw remotes run through batteries like crazy. Right? And s for some people Yeah. Well maybe not a solar remote but instead what about if we had like a power cradle? Like a a cradle that is is there to hold the remote when you're not using it, so you'll always know where the remote is 'cause you have to put it back there to charge the remote, and we can, instead of having instead of having, you know, replaceable batteries we'll just have a power cell that stays there for the life of the remote. You never have to get go through the go through uh all these different batteries. And also you can I I think it's a good opportunity for the user design or for not just for the user design, but also for the just for the look and feel of the remote as as a whole. You know you could have some kind of neat little, you know, a sexy design for d a cradle and the remote itself. It w it would increase the cost. And you could page the remote if you lose it. Maybe there's a button on the cradle. Well what I can do is I can d look into ho well Pedro and I can look into how much this might increase our our costs and you can look into what kind of effect an increased cost is gonna have on our on our final numbers. I I Yeah. I just don't know about that, because in order to do that in order to price it at that kind of level I think we'd need to have every functionality that all the other competitors are offering like being able to operate, you know, the D_V_D_ player and, you know, the stereo system and all that. Which is a pretty basic function that w we've opted out of. And additionally we're m maybe not supporting teletext um But I do think there are some basic features that we don't have that a lot of other remotes are going to have. Mm-hmm. I don I I d I have to disagree though. I think our market niche is basically people who need who have lost their remote or uh who've broken their remote and don't wanna send back to the manufacturer, they just wanna run out to the store and get a remote, and then they're gonna look on the shelf and they're gonna see ours is the nicest looking remote. It does what they need. These aren't I I think that it Right. Right. Mm-hmm. Right. Well here's Right. We he well here's my thing about that. If you're in the market for this ultimate remote, you're not gonna go for just a television remote. If it can't control if it can't control your your D_V_D_ player and a al if y if you can't get that all-in-one ultimate remote, that just you can throw all your other remotes away. I'm not gonna buy a d seventy-five Euro remote. So I think what we So that's what I'm saying Mm-hmm. I think that's big. I think so, yeah. Yeah. What about um the idea that I had with the cradle? How do you feel about that? Or how does everybody feel? No, but I that's the thing I I don't think it's necessarily the other end. Mm-hmm. Right. Well it lasts it would last for several hours on its own power, but when you're done with it you put it back in the cradle. Yeah well it Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well the the problem with that is we may end up with a whole bunch of inventory of a of a poor design you know. So Um but what we could do is some kind of well I mean Yeah we we need to, I mean, have a few designs to look at and then come up with something that I think we all agree is, you know, the best fit. I think w what's really important is it has to look good, it has to feel it has to feel good in your hand, it has to be durable, it has to a and I think it's really important that it doesn't look cheap. I think I think we have to make sure people look at it an and feel like it its like a quality remote. Even though the cost may be low. Mm-hmm. Or what if it looks like a pen? Yeah. A pointer? Yeah. Yeah. So just to touch on m my point one last time that I had brought up. Um I really un unless you guys are die-hard against the fact that um it's possible like it reduces the usability of the remote b and the fact that you can't lose it on your own, I think it still might be a good idea to investigate having like a power cradle. Because I really think i in a certain sense it almost like for me I would want to have that just, because I know at the end of when I'm done watching T_V_ that when I'm done, oh I better go find the remote and put it back where it belongs. Maybe th th th that's just some people that like that. A lot of people As a watch? Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. That's what I was saying. Exactly. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And also presumably they've Exactly. Yeah. True. Right. Yeah. The locator'll definitely be more expensive. Mm-hmm. Right. Right. I think one of the things that we can put right on the box is, never buy another battery. You know, something like that.