Hello Mm-hmm. And she was challenged on that point Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Good. You used to have all the buttons Oh that's good, no, that's nice and friendly. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, okay, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Menu button. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Of the screen. Mm, mm-hmm. The next channel in the numeric pattern, or Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm. Okay, okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, well um what what I really like a lot about it is that you can reach the whole thing with one thumb, that you can really hold it in one h you don't need two hands and it's easily reachable even for somebody with a small hand, yeah? The buttons are all raised and if you hold it in the centre of your hand you can even reach it over here so you don't have to turn it around, turn it upside down, move it up, up and down, I really like that. You really did a good job on that, my little designers. Um and um I like the idea that the on-off button is in a really prominent place. That's that's a really good good thing. Yeah, that's great. Mm-hmm. The colour's very attractive. Um the um these buttons uh around here are the mute and these mm-hmm On both sides they're mute? So you can push either one? Okay. And this brings the menu up on the screen? This brings the menu up on the screen and the orange ones are Okay. F f okay. Right, very good. Uh it looks mm looks like something I can sell. Okay and now I'm supposed to yeah. Yeah. Good point because we need the symbols 'cause we're going into an international market we can't have anything that's language dependent. Symbols on it. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm, 'kay, mm. Mm-hmm. For the snail, yeah, mm-hmm, we have the snail shell. He goes right back into his shell. Well you know I think we could do something really funny with this too because the snail is known to be slow and we could have some sort of little comic effect on our marketing about how this is a rapid snail or something like that you know that would, that would really work. So I think voice recognition is our big selling point 'cause nobody else seems to have that in in this price range. Yep uh well I think that everybody's gonna say their remote control is practical. I think we have to, we have to dwell on on on the appearance. We're really gonna have the be the cutest remote control on the block. So I think we have to play with the image, play with the snail image um play with the visual and then the voice recognition. I think those are the two things to push. The look and the voice recognition. They're gonna be our two selling points. I'm supposed to make a little presentation, aren't I? Okay. Ah, but in my instructions I think it said I was supposed to go to the board and do something. No? Yeah, that's me. Oh, okay. Sorry, sorry. Mm-mm. That's right. Can you just fill it in in the yellow boxes? Or Well. I guess it's double curved. Mm-hmm. Rubber, because we're gonna have the soft buttons. Oh okay, the mm-hmm, mm' kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No, 'cause we didn't put the clock in it after all, right? Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, I'll take my file down so you can bring it up. 'Kay should be able to get it now. 'Kay, why don't you move just to the next slide right away. Yeah right away. Okay, well uh obviously my method for uh s m the marketing of this thing is first to ask the big question, will it sell? And I think we should show this prototype to people from various age and socio-economic groups and see about any fine tuning that maybe little things we haven't thought of. We can't accept every suggestion of course, but maybe we just need to get a few. And show the the prototype to consumer research groups, we don't s want somebody to suddenly come to us and tell us that this button is toxic and you know some child will swallow it and then we won't sell any. So we have to get some input from those people. And then after that we just have to go with our best intuition and you know we like it, we think it's good, we're gonna get behind it and sell it. Um, next slide please. Okay, now the things that I was thinking and th my wish list has really been realised in this prototype. I wanted the shape to be biomorphic, I didn't want anything with angles and all square, I wanted it to be comfy and roundy so we we've got that. The size is small, the colour's bright and warm which is what we wanted. We wanted the feel to be as soft as possible, we'll have the soft buttons and the way this is shaped, even though it's gonna be hard plastic, it feels good in your hand so that's nice. And functionality I put last on my list because people aren't going to use it before they buy it. So paradoxically the other features, in other words, the look, the feel um and the shape, that's what people are gonna get in the store. They don't have a television in the store, they can't play with it. Um so they'll be our main selling points. So um th those have been fulfilled by your prototype and go ahead to the next slide please. Okay, so um the shape um I think is a a one. That's really, really excellent shape. The size is small um and th these points are in the importance for the, for the marketing, these aren't i in how I feel. I think that it's I think that it's plenty small enough to sell but I think we're sort of right the scale is one to seven. I think we're sort of right in the middle as far as c other competitors. And our colour I think is great. The colours are bright and warm and we really do great job there. And given um the constraints that we had I think we got it as soft as possible. And then functionality um I think you did a really good job on functionality, obviously we could have ad added different functions but then we'd disturb something else so I would say that we got to a five out of seven on on functionality. So I think that basically we've got a great product and we can get off and running with it. Yes. Ah. Well, um we had what, eight eight euros twenty as our cost? And so we've got we've still got four euros to go to spend. Mm-hmm. Well um that's Mm-hmm. Well as we know in today's technic technological world you can do just about anything at any price, the the the problem is quality. So we're just gonna have to settle for whatever quality that will buy us. And um it may not be the greatest quality but it may sell anyway. As we've seen with so many of these kinds of products. Uh, well I isn't this my last slide? Maybe. Go ahead. I think that was my last slide, yeah. Um. Mm okay. And I'm supposed to present this scale on the whiteboard. Um and we're supposed to talk about those things as a team now, so if you put my last slide back up there. I'm sorry I've um forgot to do that, um. Hmm? Well because I can't remember what I put on there. Okay. Now I'm supposed to see how long my leash is here. Mm 'kay. You ready. So now we're all supposed to say what we think. Um okay so on shape I gave it a one. Wait what would you ra uh one being good and seven being the worst. Um what do you think the shape is? One, okay, and Be Betsy? Okay, uh-huh one, okay. And how about on size? On size I gave it a four, yeah, I feel it's just average. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay you're the designer, of course you wanna give it a one. Um and then how about how we doing on colour? Colour, I gave it a one. I really like all those nice bright, warm colours. One. One, one, one, okay. And how about the feel? Taking into um consideration texture and comfort in the hand. Okay, I gave it a three, two, yeah? Three. Two, okay. And the next is functionality where I I admit I was a little hard on our team here, but Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Two, okay. Three? Okay. Well, um. It looks like we've got got ourselves a pretty good product. Um the functionality's the only place where maybe we have to think about m m maybe, heaven forbid, having another meeting. But um otherwise I think we're we're ready to go to go with this product. Anybody else have any other comments or any other things that we feel we should evaluate? Mm-hmm. Well then again if we're gonna um do the speech recognition thing we're gon there gonna be some buttons that are gonna have to be added for that for the recording of the the speech. So that that's where we're gonna have to do maybe we can eliminate one of the mute buttons, instead of having two mute buttons. And um then maybe we can do something with the um the volume control. Maybe we can put that all on one button. Um and a couple of other th maybe comp uh consolidate some of the usage an and see what we can do with that. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I'm pretty happy with it too, yeah um, it's something I think I can market. Yeah. I think you've done a good job, Miss leader. Yeah I d I do too I think we worked well together as a team, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah maybe we could've used the whiteboard a little bit more, yeah, we didn't use that enough. Mm-hmm. And we used the slide because it was better positioned. Mm I think that's true mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think we were we were very good, yeah, mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yes, yes. Celebration. Today we have apple juice and after we sell m million of 'em we have champagne. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Watch I I have my cord behind you here. Okay. But we we were told we could end the final meeting at any time, whenever we felt we were finished. It'll take me the rest of the time to get my microphone out from my necklace. Oh, there we go.