Okay. B you think uh I I'm User Interface Manager. Okay. Okay. If I could go there with this cable. Sh okay. Where's delete button? Okay. Oh I'm sorry. Okay. Oh. Presentation three? Oh. Okay, so here is my presentation about technical function design. I will talk about different components and s of system and how they react together. Okay, uh, first what is a remote control? Simply it's a device, as you know, for uh, for sending some commands by some waves to uh another device to to tell different commands uh with this device. And the main idea we don't use any cable and we can rec react simpler with the device. Uh i it has different blocks, different blocks. Uh first is remote control have sh ha should have some electric circuits uh making interface with uh keyboard and uh r reading uh keyboard and reading the keyboard uh commands. And then inter then make uh these keyboard commands, uh in interpret these int uh keyboard commands. And then there should be uh an electronic circuit making uh electronic signals according to these commands and uh finally there is a transmitter which is a cord or a a diode making uh making uh waves to transmit through the air and uh uh this air this uh wave uh will be received by the by the other device like a television or whatever, to uh r to realise the command. Okay, uh about what I found about uh different uh these different blocks are uh, usually there are two different methods uh to for designing a remote control. They are based on infra-red uh waves or uh uh radio waves. There are two different uh uh solutions I mean. This is uh this can be uh uh the the differences the th between different kind of waves, infra-red or radio waves. And uh also as uh I understood, and uh I think it was a part of uh Bob, uh uh presentation, people prefer to have uh to have uh the remote control with less button. So for the electronic part, working and interfacing, with button, we should we should try to t try to design a remote control having uh some some simpler buttons or some rolling buttons to just to just to search between different options, and showing o something on T_V_ and putting less lesser stuff on the uh on the remote control. And uh personal preferences, uh uh uh uh certainly a remote control with uh working with radio waves is uh preferred because uh you can pr you can take it in any direction and you don't need to tune it any way. And uh uh again, using bigger buttons and less number of buttons are also preferred, as I see. Okay. That was my presentation. Uh-huh. Uh, I don't think so, because uh we can make uh we ca we can make this wave in a specific frequency. So they can be in a range which is not inter interfering with the with other devices inside the home. Uh no but as I know, there is a range for uh for this uh f for for uh for this stuff, for designing this circuit. We can we can we can tune our uh transmitter to work in this range, and for this range we don't need to ask any permission. Uh for this I'm not uh I I don't know the solution, but one solution can be something like putting uh p password or something inside the wave, so the only your T_V_ can understand it Yeah, identification code inside the The password may simply uh or uh i identification code may simply solve this problem. A specific uh remote control has a specific f Mm. Mm-hmm. Five. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah yeah, at least nine, ten button. Or Or something. Mm-hmm. Okay. Like categorising channels. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. So uh we don't have any uh we don't have uh we should just design the remote control and we sh we don't have any access to the to the T_V_ design or we can change some design. Because one solution for this um uh uh ch changing channels is to see a summary of all channels, some some preview of all channels and then you can Yeah. Yeah b Not on the control, on the screen, on the T_V_ screen. And then Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Settings. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, they can yeah they can be hide somewhere by a cover or something like this. Like covering cu. Yeah, like mobile phone covering. A button is better. Yeah. Mm. Clock or Yes. Mm. Mm. Yes. Mm. And uh do we need to include anything about the speech recognition and the speech commands, or? I I thin I think it will not take lots of place, we just need a microphone and the software, so, and it sh and it will be a little bit new and interesting, so people may be attracted to buy this stuff and it's not very difficult to uh put a software inside the the electronic device and put a microphone. It doesn't take that much place and also that much It doesn't cost that much. Mm-hmm. Thanks.