I guess I have to change the pen otherwise. Will be completely different. Yeah. And do you think it's. Yeah. Yeah. So what can you? Yeah we will yeah, so I will be able to to summarize uh our meeting, but still I think uh it would be in very important if the uh as um main designer. I think we can put on the here. Uh basically w yeah we we designed the two uh items. Um, can we have a phone, can someone it's really w well designed. Yeah. 'Kay. Yep. Great. Yep. So I will start by the the basic one that uh fits into uh eight Euros actually, right, seven eight Euros, and uh well first for both they have um a special shape, maybe the designer can uh explain better than me, but uh it's like a surf board. And you you are supposed to surf to browse to surf T_V_, maybe the web, and uh it's kind of interesting shape because um unconsciously people want to s to surf when they see this stuff. And also it's not too far from um a mobile. So people are used to that kind of shape, right. Don't take care too much about the colour because w yeah we don't take yeah. So here would be basically the the the infrared uh uh led yeah L_A_ L_A_ L_E_D_, the on-off button, in red. Here would be the volume. On the on the left, okay, so easy to turn on t and off. And um so this is a very cheap version so there are maybe you can carry on uh Matthew. How can you change from V_C_R_ to uh T_V_, by the way? Okay yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Seven, eight, ei eight Euros. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah actually, yeah. Play, pause. Exactly yeah. To audio and to video on demand. Yes. This is the orange button, the microphone. An yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy dis designer, okay. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Oh actually well. It's low weight. You have to see yeah yeah the the components we put inside is very low weight. So the the cost is actually a bit more, it's uh it's it's sixteen Francs. Sixteen Euros sorry. Then it's out of budget. But the the main point we we talk about that with our uh manufacturer. And they say basically that the S_R_ system would be uh something like three Francs per item so three Euros sorry. And um No no no, part of that, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well I think th th yeah we should stick with uh a number of keys because if we add too much then it's too Locati. Location. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Functionality. Easy to use. target. No. Yeah. Yeah. Four maybe. Uh. Yeah. If you press like this not like this then you But Okay. Try a Perfect. Yeah, yeah. Yep. Wow. 'Kay maybe It's not a button it's a led, it's a Ac actually yeah it should be embedded. Yeah. Oh you can push push it again, you can push it. Yeah. And the L_C_D_ makes it better. Yeah. So I will say two. I would say two, three. Yep. Basically there is no innovation in the first one compared to what exists in the market, right? Yeah. The surf uh design. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Yeah. And the And the second one is really uh state of the art, uh in terms of innovation. And um with many more functionalities, and can open and close the the bottom part. Yeah. And all the scrolling uh buttons and menu and pro programmable device behind this. Uh could put it at one or two I would say. Personally. Uh Yeah automatic speech recognition. Yeah. So Eight. Well actually we have yeah to check again yeah. Sixteen. W W un to be one what would do we nee actually, yeah, I don't see okay, one would would be without buttons,. Bu Yeah. So maybe we can put one. It's using speech recognition, yeah. Yeah, one, yeah. So the first one is really standard, so everybody i including our grandmothers can use it, right? Yeah. Um, the other one is quite easy, tho though. One me um we hope maybe sometimes people get uh scared with the number of buttons. And there is a like I would say three. Or maybe four. Yeah, yeah because it's n uh it's not like a big one with uh one hundred buttons or so, This one would be uh for grandmothers. No. Yeah, grandmothers, yeah. Yeah that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah because it's so important it's i it was written that it really so important, the um the the look and uh taking care of its it targets, the right range of people, right? Yeah. But w Yeah. But for us it's yeah we have a constraint that we need to sell at twenty five Euros. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And if you want to target yeah if we we wish to to sell four millions of this, I think for this audience we need absolutely the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Or even Even one and two. Or two. Yeah. Two yeah. Yeah. Spongy, uh, that means that it goes in in the water. Uh okay. But this one includes this feature, right? Spongy buttons. So Uh the maybe in the colour we can make it uh fruit and and veggie. Yeah. Yeah. This is possible. Yeah exactly like Nokia phones. Yeah. 'Cause sometimes look at this computer, th this laptop, it's all black, and uh it's quite conventional, and sometimes people don't like too much flashy colours like this one presented here. So maybe we could do like in the range the set of what we propose a black one, very standard one, that meets the the requirements of th such people that want really standard uh things. Yeah. Yeah, so a a point better for the for the number two. Okay. Yeah, the blue one uh spongy. Nine. Very good. Yeah, it's right, yeah that's right. So I I give yeah I just give a call with the manufacturer uh and uh I explained them and they told me this could be possible for sixteen Fr Euros. Uh unfortunately we didn't see this chip, uh Matthew, so maybe we have to recap with this one. For this one it's a normal battery. Uh sample speaker, yeah. Sample, yeah, this one. So So which one are we talking to? Well Yeah. Is it zero Franc? L_C_D_ is. It's okay. Just say L_C_D_. No but for this one it's twelve Euro. There are twelve? Wait a minute, it's not it's not double curved, it's single curved, right? Because it's there is no like. Well it's you know this curve like this so, it's w there is only is is is there is nothing like y you know in the other stuff there are yeah concave. So I think we can put um the single curved in the sixteen. That makes uh seventeen. And what are just The bt buttons, we have twelve buttons, are you sure? Yeah. So I had a bad uh bad estimation. No no no. Yes, a kind of scroll wheel. Okay, so based on that, yeah, um where is the es okay sample speaker But still, yeah it No we cannot, yeah. So But the um Yeah but if you have the near the L_C_D_ you can um choose select between um you know like uni universal between audio, T_V_ and V_C_R_, and this needs a needs a advanced chip. Right, Matthew? Or regular chip? I think yeah regular, today we you can do that with regular chip. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So. And what about the number of buttons buttons uh my Matthew? When you look at this w, this u uh item, But You cannot make a phone to your boss saying twelve fifty is really really low, no? And uh we don't want to to change that right? We we really want a L_C_D_ other otherwise we w wouldn not get the market. It's evident. Yeah. And I dunno So wha what what each of us think about the because it's measure point the L_C_D_, um Do you think it's important? Because sometimes whe when you watch the T_V_ in fact, you have a big display and maybe you don't need one more in your hands? I dunno, I'm just asking. Yeah, it's true yeah. But uh, do we want that? On the market point of view, yeah. What do you think uh, L_C_D_ is a major feature, or? You assume, you want a democratic voyt vote, right? Okay. Okay. We need to be. Yeah.. Yes. Because one yeah th show me that uh actually we could in fact we move these three buttons and have three uh possibilities for each of the three here. Here one, at the middle, and at the bottom. Okay,. Okay. The speech recognition is out. Because of the budget, yeah. Yes. Yeah. Actually yeah, we we we will not need the really uh expert designers um because the amount, yeah. Thanks.