So I see all everybody's here, 'kay. And we can start meeting. The I will uh present here agenda with with with with slides to you. Um as you can see here. So first uh just to mention I will take notes uh of this meeting and uh I will try to work them out and give them to you. I've also made notes of the previous meeting and um I was about to send them you but then uh I had to go to this uh meeting so you will get them too uh Um. Yes. Indeed. Um. Then I hope you all have uh worked out some some uh some some presentations about uh about well you the the task given to you in the previous meeting. Um. W We will uh in a minute we will uh start with them. Um, we will see in which order we will handle them of. Um then I will uh bring in some some some new requirements I I got uh from the uh account manager, I try to work them out, they were quite abstract, and we can have maybe have com some discussion about it. Uh Um about the functions and Well in this meeting we should really try to reach a decision about the target group and the functionality of the Yes I mean well yes w who are we going to uh to well to sell this, the customers, indeed yes. Think that's that's important matter. Uh. So And then uh we will close this meeting uh and after this meeting we'll uh we'll have a lunch. Good. Um. Maybe um why uh Anna can you c do you have a presentations? You don't have presentation? Uh you want a table to to uh Yes yes maybe maybe you can uh can just talk about it or maybe you can use the whiteboard if necessary um. Mm-hmm. Mm. Do you Do you have this uh information on the web page you said? Yes, mayb maybe you can can send an email to me later uh. Uh about this. Mm. Mm. Yes yes, I have that too. Mm. Mm. They think that or do their doctor the doctor says? But it's it's the opinion of the uh of the users huh? So mm. You can maybe just just Hmm. Mm-hmm. D do you have numbers o o on that? Well it would it would be a solution for uh when your remote control is lost, I mean when it has speech recognition then uh i then it doesn't matter where it is, my well it's we should be in range, or maybe it can respond and produce sound, so say where it is. But the these are all quite fancy features I'm not sure whether we will we can make this for for twelve Euro fi and fifty cents. Mm. Yes, that that that that's mm. Do you have some more important facts or can we go to the next presentation? Mm. Mm-hmm. Decline with age, mm. Mm. Yes. We will talk about it later. Okay. Mm. Okay. um Uh maybe uh Mael c c can you give uh uh your presentation uh? Oh, this is Mm-hmm, y y you can move, uh. Yes. You can you can sa take my chair. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Is huh overwhelming. No. And and why do you want these kind of component? I mean, are they cheap, or are they uh reliable? What were your Mm. Yes. It it it's more clear now I think. So Mm-hmm. What I w what I was thinking about uh the the the schema uh about uh the sender and the receiver, I mean can you can you get back to it? Yeah uh, the receiver is of course already in the television and we are not uh able to change it. So we we must adapt to the to the receiver. I I suppose there is a standard uh way of communicating to televisions uh. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Mm. Yeah yes I I I I I feel I I I think M Mael will will consider this uh th these things. Maybe Maybe we can go to to your presentation uh Matthew. I I I assume you were finished here. Uh okay. Oh. I Uh, sorry? I know where it is. It's uh Yes. It's uh Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm mm mm mm mm. Mm yes, but I think it's i i it's already there, I mean the hard disk uh recorders uh I I've seen them in the shop. W w w w we need to decide on on on on in how far we go to in this. Mean, you can go pretty far I f I think with with with functions and possible uh future p uh prospects yes. But it's good to keep in mind. Mm. Very well. Good. Um, so u um I have uh received some some some some well points of of thinking over of my account manager and uh I would like to share them with you. Um first thing is uh teletext is a well known feature of televisions but it's it's getting used less and less. That's that's especially because of the internet of course. So we should think about it um. Do we include it, and do we give it a prominent uh prominent uh place on on on the on well huh on the remote mot control itself. Uh as uh a in any case it's it's not used, well very much, but it's it is still used. Um further yes we must think, uh do we stay uh to to television only, the television as we as we all know it with with broadcasting signals and you can't go back uh huh, or do we uh uh go further as Matthew indicated by supporting uh uh recording uh devices? Uh indeed indeed. And and and the hard disk recorders. Um, furthermore, uh, w we need really need to interest uh y younger customers and then with younger customers I mean people uh below the age of forty, and our our current customers are mainly forty plus uh which well Forty. So that's to that's I mean there's a market but uh they will grow older older and you'll al always need to have the the future with younger people. Um therefore, younger people like trendy trendy designs, so that's w we should make our our our R_C_ as trendy as possible but it should also be uh have a reliable image, so when it looks too too spacey or too fancy people will think well does it work at all. Hmm. Ma Maybe Maybe you can draw it on the on the board uh Hmm. Yes yes mo Yes it's recognisable Mm mm. And and they are skilled uh by using it. Mael can you hand me over this uh? Uh thank you. Mm well I think fi five min Mm-hmm. Okay. 'Kay I I think now that the idea's clear. Uh we should now uh try to decide um on our target group. Of course they have already one. So our our our remote control has to be better. Mm-hmm. Mm. I well I think many people said uh in your in in your research uh uh uh the appearance of the uh R_C_ is is important when they are buying one but Indeed. So that will be about functionality Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. So your you think we should go for a more u universal high-performance What do What do you think about What componen I don't know. I don't know whether that's necessary. Is the L_C_D_ screen I think thi this could be this could be a market because uh universal remote controls uh tend to be uh quite expensive. S so we can try to go in between, and offer a product which is not as expensive and not as complicated but but still but still people have the idea this is more functional than a normal uh uh R_C_ because it has more uh it it is in some kind universal. Mm yes but w we're targeting I think on more on the on the twenty to forty group. People yes. Who just have or already have a job and have the money but may not want to spend that much money on a on a universal universal control. Uh well I think uh when we think it over I thi I think we are trying to offer the a kind of universal control for for less money. So d Do you agree? Mm-hmm. You think it's possible for the twelve Euro fifty? Okay. Um so then we we decide on on on going to this more universal kind of control. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yes. Mm mm mm mm. So given we are going for this uh uh universal type uh m maybe it is good when you try to find out which components you therefore need and y you will try to get more specific uh user interface content and uh maybe you can look on on what trends are in this uh in this type of market. So anyone uh has a point to bring in or shall we no. Okay. W yes, we uh we can have lunch now. So um Then th th the next meeting will uh after lunch you have uh we have uh thirty minutes of work and then we have the next meeting. But you will be informed via the computer. Okay.