Yeah? Mm? Open. And then full screen. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Complicated, yeah, of course. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah 'kay. Yeah yeah sure. Thank you. Number two, yeah. Yeah exactly. Uh can you make it uh full screen please? No, it's like a well you you have to press here. The cup cup shape here? The thir third. Yeah exactly. Uh so today I'm going to talk about the working design of the remote controller. Um can you go to the next sli slide please? The metal is like uh in a remote controller you have a chip integrated circuit which is like a brain of the remote controller. It takes the power from a battery say a battery it it can be a elec an electric supply like you have to uh like uh switch connec connect connect your remote controller to uh power supply from the you know electricity or something like that. It should be a battery because uh uh remote controller should be like you you you should take it t to wherever you want and then um uh th this integrated circuitry takes energy from the power source and whatever like if you press a button it's like a input for the remote controller and it takes the input and it it transforms into a infro infrared bits and it sends it into the device, like a T_V_ or a air conditioner, something like that so. Uh a remote controller is specifically designed to a single device. If you want to design it for multiple devices then you should make all the devices compatible with the frequency like uh th the remote controller it sends some bits some uh waves like with a particular frequency the device should know what the frequency is. It should re re recognise the uh waves which are coming from the remote controller and it should take the action like if you press a button channel or something like that then uh the remote uh remote controller will send a send a se send a signal, and the T_V_ it should translate that into like change the channel or something like that, change the volume control and uh so uh I think it's hard to design a remote controller for multiple uh devices. Uh yeah. Um. So uh user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages like there should be a user user in interface like you know switch pad or something like that buttons should be there. So uh you can control whatever you want, you want to change the channel you want to control the volume you you want to uh mute uh mute the uh T_V_ or you want to have a child lock or you want to do some operations there's a there should be some device to tell what to do to the uh in uh integrated circuit so that the integrated circuit can s send the signals and T_V_ can perform the actions. So can you go to the next slide please? So I I just would like to uh add some extra features to the remote controller um I think these are the very simple features and uh they don't take much uh uh much of the um um investment also, it's like el the text or buttons which uh which are there on the uh remote controller they those we can make uh um like fluorescent uh they'll be like light emitting if it is dark so that you can find your remote controller if it is dark. And ther there should be a beep if many buttons are pressed if suppose a child is playing with the remote controller and a and she she or he is pressing the buttons all at the time then there should be a beep saying that it's this this is not a a you know a a action, there can be no action taking to that so. And there should be a child lock, like uh uh you should be able to lock your remote controller so that uh um whatever buttons are pressed by a child they can't be like y you i you if you have ki kids and all then they'll be pl playing with the remote controllers so can lock the remote controller. If make it useable for more than one device it's a it's hard but I think it's possible but it uh yeah yeah yeah so it's it's okay, yeah, yeah. And uh different shapes that we can do like uh we can have you know a all animals shapes or you know comfortable uh whi which can fit into your hands and um so that uh Yeah, yeah, yeah and colours also, different colours, and No no no, it won't uh I don't think it will be like, you can have you know for uh if you want ther there to be more Yeah yeah. It's it's just a s shape so it doesn't matter. Yeah. Yeah that is also possible I uh yeah I I yeah. Yeah that will be Yeah yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, for children, yeah exactly. Yeah, that's what, yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And and the butto buttons also I think if you want to have more features in your remote controller then there should be more buttons. If there are more buttons then it will be more complicated. If you have less features then your remote controller won't be attractive, so I think uh we need to make some buttons which are which are like um uh f in uh in intended for two or three operations, like if you press one button in one mode then it will change the channel, if you press the other button in another mode it will change the colour. So if you want to have less buttons we can have that option but I think it will complicate the matter more I think so. Yep, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's like you know yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yes. Yeah, yeah you don't us yeah yeah, usually. Yeah. Yeah shapes also, different shapes. Yeah that will Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, and also text should be very clear so that there there won't be any ambiguities and uh So yeah. And uh display clock i if you want more features then we can display a clock it I I don't think it will take any money extra money because anyway we have an integrated circuit I think we can just definitely fit that feature into the circuit so it's Yeah, and we display a clock. Yeah. Yeah, and then you can just see your remote controller yeah yeah yeah so Yeah. Yeah. Uh can you go to the next slide please? Uh components uh the main components we need for uh it ha like buttons and uh underneath that there should be switch. And uh bulbs. Like uh we can have a bulb like whenever we are operating a remote controller or uh whenever the T_V_ is on suppose, then the remote controller should automatically have a b s light. Then it will be like if you switch on your T_V_ through anoth another source, not from through a remote remote controller and you you lost your remote controller maybe you can find with the light. Maybe we can have that. Whenever the T_V_ is on, remote controller will have a light. And then uh infrared bulbs. Um this is like uh when it is dark. And battery, there should be a battery for power supply, and a chip, chip which is like a brain to the remote controller which does all the operations, and wires connecting all chips, which is uh lights, everything, so there should be wires. And uh uh of course there should be a case where we can keep all the things and, you know different shapes or whatever it is there should be a case to put to give a shape. Yeah. Yeah, holder. Um uh can you move onto the next slide. Um next sli slide please. Um I have referred the site uh the homepage of the um our website, uh from where I have uh uh I got s few points. That's it, that's it from me now. Um. Uh it's not like that, I have referred the page to get new ideas or like what can be the working design to how it works and all and so and so. Yeah if you want. Yeah, it's okay. Uh, it's actually there now, there on the screen. Mm. Yeah, sure. If there is a clock then there can be a alarm clock. Hmm. It's like a t okay, it's like a timer it's like a lock to the television. Mm, T_V_, yeah. Don't T_V_, yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. We can design different remotes for different people, like for aged people there will be big buttons and you know. yeah. Children and everybody, yeah. Yeah of course that we can do, but specifically if y if like elderly people want big buttons then you can't really make a bi big remote controller so maybe specifically you can design a big con remote controller for elderly and for children, like in a different you know. No, it it doesn't cost, yeah. Yeah. Doesn't doesn't doesn't matter. Yeah. Hmm hmm. Uh no. Mm, I I I don't think no. It's not. Hmm. Yeah, like for mobile phones we have uh different you know covers, like designs and all so that w we can have that. Yeah. Yeah, but uh Yeah. Yeah, maybe, yeah, yeah. If we do some more research, maybe we. Hmm yeah, I think maybe seventy percent is a unique uh uh remote controller and thirty percent is yeah it's sort of like yeah. Yeah, yeah, of course, yeah. Mm-hmm. Thank you.