Afternoon. Yeah, we had falafel. Mm-hmm. Spongy means it it's like sp But what's your suggestion how we can have some shape like that on the remote? Mm-hmm. Means buttons are in the shape of fruits, buttons are in the frape shape of fruits or something, apple, banana, something like that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That we can discuss afterwards. Banana. Mm-hmm. I don't th it will be rolling a lot. But it's just a speaker right? It's not a microphone. Mm-hmm. Actually I'm not reading microphone there, so that's why you can all have conversation, it just to speak to you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. In-house. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah okay, let's go ahead. Stable thing, that's right. To have, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Communicate. It's one way. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's right, yeah. So it's a speech synthesis kind of thing, something has been uh stored and it's just uh spoken out. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's right. That's right. So this is going to be about the component design. So first thing is we need power source for the remote control. So I was of the idea that we can have two kind of power supplies, one is the usual batteries which are there, they could be chargeable batteries if there's a basis station kind of thing and on top of that we can have solar cells, when the lighting conditions are good they can be used so it'll be pretty uh innovative kind. Then uh we need plastic with some elasticity so that if your if the remote control falls it's not broken directly into pieces, there should be some flexibility in t Yeah. So there should we should think of something like that and then it should be double curve. The s science for the ease of handling and there are some other issues why we need double curve. Then controls for the traditionals u traditional users we can have the push buttons so that they don't feel that it's an alien thing for them. Double curve is, you have curves on both the sides if I'm right. So it's symmetrical kind of thing, whatever it is. So, it could be curve, so it could be convex, conve concave, depending on what what we want. So there are flats, there are single curve and there are double curves. These are the three things, and there are different materials, with plastic you can have double curve but with uh certain other materials we cannot have double curve. So there there was uh there were many other materials like wood, titanium and all those things, but plastic is I think is the most appropriate one, it'll bring the cost down and anyway it's Wooden cases Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Is it an e apple which has Banana is more handier as compared to this I think, and to capsicum. Okay, so push buttons for the traditional users so that they don't feel they are alienated, just and a scroll button with push technology for channel selection, volume control and teletext browsing. These are the three scroll buttons which are already available with us in the company and we we can go ahead with that. Yeah, we can go to the next slide. Then uh there are different kind of chips, one one is the basic chip and the regular chip and one an adva advanced chip. So we can have regular chip for control. Pricing is a factor for us, that's why we'll go for the regular chip. And uh regular chip supports speaker support, so this functionality could be used for tracing the mobile phone which has been misplaced. It could be a beep kind of thing. Yes, yes, that's right, it's it's onto the chip, most most probably, not not hundred per cent sure about that. That will be the volume control I think which which a user shou it it should be already pre-defined. It should be whatever will be the case, the chip is always going to be sitting inside. Mm-hmm. Uh, so we can have it at one of the boundaries so that things are slightly better. As or as hearing is concerned, we can have some gap at some place, so that That's right. Okay. Yeah. So these these were the component selection and these things. We can go to the next slide. And uh these were the findings which I I saw with the web web, that user wants to have control more than one device wants to control more than one device from the same remote control, so our T_V_ remote can have little extra things to support additional devices like V_C_R_ D_V_D_ players which are usually attached with the T_V_, because users are like this and they don't want to have one remote control for everything, so with this additional little, we might be having slightly better market for us. Mm. Of fruits. Mm-hmm. Remotes objects, okay. And uh as well as I could see on the web the scroll button is becoming really uh hot thing s and we should have it on the remote. So you're having a basis station. Okay. Your usually your remote sits on that. So you and it's that's why it can have chargeable batteries. Now let's say Basis station is with the thing. It's like a telephone handset is there and the basis station for the telephone hand set is there. So now what user gets additionally he doesn't have to buy batteries, they're rechargeable batteries, so over the period of cor time he'll recover the cost. So you're having the basis station and there is a button, if you press that button wherever the remote it'll start beeping so you know where the remote is. Uh Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Uh this is basis station is nothing more, just it's a wire which is coming from the main cable and uh you're having one socket on which the thing sits. That's right. But all these things are usually in-house so we don't have much problems. So component cost is going to be the least. Anyway, we are not using really advanced technology, L_C_D_ has already been ruled out, A_S_R_ has been ruled out. So it's the basic thing but very trendy and very user-friendly. And Mm-hmm. A yeah, otherwise it'll be mis means you don't get b any feeling then. It's neither a banana nor a And uh going to the last slide. Okay. Okay. Okay, so. Anyway, users'll be so the findings is users'll be very interested in our locator device to find their misplaced remotes. So that was very I thought it's a very good suggestion by everybody. That's it. Yep. Mm-hmm. That's right. The basis station. That's right. There's less space on this to put with the buttons. Uh what about a The base station. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's right, yeah, we need that, yeah. Basis station. Yeah, yeah. Turbo button. Okay. Uh for the remote? Remotes don't have power on off switch. Okay. S no, that'll be controlled by the those buttons'll be there already, yeah. Means on the remote. Because remote is going to have both the interfaces, scroll as well as buttons. They are not going to cost you much, everything is in-house and now you don't want the traditional users to be apprehensive of this. Oh, yeah. That's that's another issue which I didn't think of. But you know our targets are very high, means fifty million Euros is the profit which we want make. Twenty five. Twelve point five is the profit on one. Uh forty th four. Point point four million? Point four million. In the market. Mm-hmm. For the future prototypes. So meeting's over? Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. The problem is after all this meeting there is