Yes. Okay. Okay. What features. S sellable. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Receive. Multi-purpose. Eliminated. Mm-hmm colours. Yes exactly. Yes. Like a doll, or Yes. Yes. Okay. Something else. Channels. Yes. Yes. Mm yeah. Yes. Hmm. Okay. To keep the remote? Yeah. A case holder. A holder remote holder. Participant two. Yes. No no, I'm three. I can make it full? Yes yes yes. Okay. As uh User Interface Designer I did a little research to find out what are the features which a user would like to have on their remote. Yeah can you please go onto the next slide? So I found out that uh but uh the main purpose of a remote is to uh f control the function of a television at a far off distance at remote distance. Now for that, uh a remote controller should have a switch on off button by which a user can sit anywhere in the room in front of the T_V_ and he can control the functionalities different functionalities of the T_V_. There should be a signal uh something like a radio wave or a infrared light or a LED which can be used to change the different functionalities in the television if the user wants to uh change the channels or increase the volume he can change it. Now there should be some timer to set for viewing a particular a particular programme or switching on and off a uh a particular programme according to the user choice. Yes. Yes. So if if he want to view a particular programme at say nine o'clock he can set the time, and the T_V_ will automatically it will switch on at that particular time. So he can use that kind of uh uh properties of features and then there should be a child lock system if a particular channel is not to be viewed by a particular uh for a certain age, then the parents can lock that particular channel so that the ch children cannot view that channel. And uh the uh the uh and the one of the feature a user would like to have is the compactness of the co remote. Uh t the remote should be compact and it should ha it should have as many buttons as possible for controlling different functionalities of the T_V_ television. And um uh as uh uh this is my personal preference that it should be in the shape of a T_ in alphabet for more compactability. And uh and uh and it is one more point which I noted it down, like uh the material which which which is used for remotes should be human friendly it should not cause any skin disease or something some al allergy to either children or to um ad adult person. And it should have an uh it can have an alarm clock a a person if some if somebody wants to get up at around eight eight P_M_ then he can set the time and it can be used as an alarm clock, and I don't think it will cost much to set an alarm clock inside a remote. Yes, and as John Reece said the buttons can be, uh can me we can use the fluorescence to light up the buttons so different uh buttons will glow differently. So in even in the dark the user can know what buttons to use to switch on a particular channel. And uh uh the design of the uh um remote should be in such a way that there should not be any sharp projections so that if a child plays with a remote, he uh he should not be harmed in any way. And findings, uh I found out uh y um on different sites that uh there are different remotes which can be used, there are remotes which use the infrared for controlling the different functionalities, there are remotes which use the radio waves to control the functions and there are uh So uh there you have different uh types of remotes for different light source which are used which can be used for controlling the different functionalities of a television. Next slide. And these are my few personal preferences like it can be used for a multipurpose use. Not, uh no uh like it can it can be used as a T_V_ control as plus an alarm clock to set an alarm a timing and it should have a child lock, and then to save electricity uh there should not be uh much s move uh lots of circuits and all that. And if a person if if if parents wants the television to be switched off by ten o'clock then it should be switched off ten o at ten o'clock automatically, so that nobody else comes later and use it. Timer. Yeah and then you can use a timer as well. Yes. Yeah that's it. Okay. T_V_ television we was. Mm-hmm. Different colours. Yes. Okay. No uh generally we can we can design a remote which is mainly for people with uh f age from ten to um forty and and then we can add on uh specific functional buttons for children as well as the elderly people or the people wit with who have nervous problems, yes. But in a family in a family there will be a aged person, children and a middle aged but they cannot buy three different remotes. They would like to buy just one and um just one which can be used all the three uh Cost effective. Okay. Yes. Okay. Um Yes. But uh yeah I I have a doubt like will it be cost wise effective if we if we design a remote having all the uh different features for different people or designing three different um remotes for three different categories of people. Okay. Of th okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, mm-hmm. Yes. Okay.