Okay. Yeah, so can you go out to the shared folder? Mm the shared folder. Yes. We have a presentation. Uh So I got the participant uh three. W uh. Three. It's the final design, yeah. S so so I discussed with Guillaume. Right. And uh so we have and we we are both agreed on some two versions of the prototypes, because we were no not decided whether we wanted to have an L_C_D_ or not because it's too expensive. So we come up with two versions. One with and one without L_C_D_s. Um but both comes with a charger and then detachable and uh or control module. And detachable big buttons for all people um. So. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. No i i it's the all around camer uh microphone isn't it. The the microphone picks up the speeches from anywhere. Yeah Mm. Yeah yeah. For the Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Is it n the two A_A_s batteries in it. A_A_ rechargeable batteries. Yeah rechargeable batteries. We have the charger so it's no problem. Actually uh it's a flexible thing. You just n uh Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. At uh yeah. I forgot to tell you there is only a single button there, b this button yeah alright. This button is like the mouse is like a joystick, you can move in three hundred and sixty degrees of direction so you can make a turn and it the additi functions associated to all the actions you ma you have a click you have a double click all in a single button. You can move up, down, left, right, or you can do a swing. So a swing to the left, a swing to the right defines other functions. So even though it's a single button, but it is pretty s flexible because of the three hundred and sixty degree movement. Yeah. This is the version y that comes with L_C_D_. Here I present another version without the L_C_D_. Mm. Uh okay this is new prototype uh. Yeah yeah. Mm. Oh no th actually th we'll come to that point in our Yeah. W w I'll I'll come to that point later on. Yeah. Th they either these with the uh the the charger any in either versions you they they ha they use the same charger yeah. Uh it's a standard module so you should get it for a cheap price uh. It's that same charger that you can use for the hand-phone but uh again depends on the types. I think we have to investigate more on that, but Yeah. Yeah but as the Marketing Manager says, people is willing to people are willing to pay more for good design. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah we'll we'll come up to that, the the the thing that makes this the controller cheap is that it is modular so you want more function you pay more. If you want less function i i if you want a reasonable price you pay for the functions that you add on to the system, so is uh modular. Yeah yeah, for example the L_C_D_, you can take it you can put it put it back in, or you can use the other one, or the speech recogniser with the microphone yeah yeah. You want a microphone to put in the speech recogniser you don't wan you pay less for the system you see. So It's pretty flexible in the yeah price. Uh yeah yeah you should present that. Yeah. Yeah Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah the i the idea the the conceptual idea is that simplicity and powerful. Simplicity meaning that we have few buttons, powerful is that all the controls with the one you saw we saw earlier in the meetings with lots of buttons n but here you only have few buttons but you retain the mm the same powerful functionalities. But in addition with simplicity. So that's the best idea, the cond that that's our uh an innovation um uh i in this uh design here. Okay now we come to other important features that I did not tell you. The first one is the speech recogniser, again it's detachable or add-on. And then we also have security feature for example this here oop it's very robust, it doesn't break and the material, what's the material again? Titanium material. Again uh and the battery life is uh is an is an endurable one, again because this is A_A_ batteries you can choose the types of battery you want. Lithium-ion may be a good one, but you can replace it with cheaper one, again you pay for what you get, and then um y the other p points are robust and misplacement reminder. So when you finish watching your T_V_ and you the you t you turn off the T_V_, uh and then there's this message coming out that uh please put that back to the charger, so so that's the or is it that's the reminder part. Yeah and um And it also use a programmable channel and vocabulary, so we didn't define the vocabulary so it's up to the user to define so sorry? And then uh because of the chil because children are using the device so we have also a a of T_V_ programmes by genre, and this can be used by the adult or by the children. So instead of choosing the channel you are choosing the T_V_ contents of the night. So it's pretty powerful, and that's that's why the num buttons are reduced, because of this feature. Yeah. And and for the materials that is cheap to produce I think uh it's quite clear from yeah. And also like the and the fancy designs yeah. Maybe we can improve more on the design but uh this is the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Spongy spongy. Mm mm. Mm mm. But the the problem is that uh is it robust to mishandling? We have you should find a material that is robust at the same time spongy. Spongy. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. So so is the e evaluation depending on us or other users? Yeah. But who will give the scoring uh we ourself or or a third party? Mm. Mm. Mm. I think we can improve on the design. Som someone um commented this is like a the stone age uh design. Um we have been focused all all this time on the on the technical aspect, functional aspect, but also the simplicity. As for the design maybe we c should hire a designer to help. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah from the innovation aspect I feel that uh what is most innovative of our prototype compared to the existing prototypes that we saw l in the last meeting is that um the retrieval of T_V_ programmes by content, because uh that is really innovative, and for now and another innovation we have is simplicity and simplicity, few buttons, we've uh A lot of functionalities. So that is uh that is uh for both th Our gi I think that the our our product is uh has the best in all well this is a biased judgement because we designed them. Yeah. Uh the innovation is v is very high I think. Both. For both. It's the same innovation. So maybe I can put six to seven. Both. Mm. Uh uh uh there w there was a there was a issue here is that what are what is the display on the L_C_D_? We haven't really uh determined what are actually actually it's good to have a L_C_D_ but what are we gonna display on a L_C_D_? Yeah? Yeah. Yeah but Yes exactly. But you cannot display all on a L_C_D_. Anyway for for the users who who who opt for L_C_D_ we'll give them the give them the L_C_D_, we give what the customer uh wants, right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. S Yeah. I have another thing to say about the easy to use aspect. I think the easy to use uh aspect is different for different people. For the young generation easy to use may be very complicated because uh they w they wants lot of controls with lots of buttons. For kids they want simply the s similarit for the old people they want simplicity, so that's why we have the parental module. Uh we can ha have build a more complex design if if they want it, but but uh what I'm trying to say here is that the um we have different sets of buttons for different kinds of people. So in terms of easy to use I think it's very user customisable. User customisation is very important yeah. Yeah so W uh I think it's the same. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. To improve on the design. Huh? The speech recogniser is a add-on module. Right? Yeah. Oh. The problem is if i we are bla if a customer wants a certain component, and doesn't want the parental control because it's a couple who do not have children when you sell the product in the market you could meet any kind of people, and not all people will need all the functionalities we propose to them. So we might lose the customer because of this. I don't know, what do you think uh? Yes exa what do you think, I don't know. You are Marketing Manag. Yeah. Yeah. But the the question is n does those modularity increase the production cost or decrease the production cost? Mm. Mm. Yeah. Well well the other aspect is that if in the when they have the ar existing product you you gonna maintain the the you're gonna keep the same customer, because the same customer will come back to buy other add-ons. So so Yeah i i so if don't don't buy now they can buy i in the future. So in in that way you're actually keeping the cus the same customer, attracting them to come back in again and again. We're not trying to follow the Microsoft and we don't want to the m Yeah well if the buyers can be up the th would be can be upgraded, it would be a good thing right? Yeah, it depends on the v production. Mm. Mm. Yeah. What we can change is to propose the customers with skins. For example the i the mobile phones nowaday, they sell different kinds of skin and then people just feel that oh I have a new skin and looks better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you can pl in what material would that be in uh? Yeah or furry like a pet dog kind of thing. I suppose that you this criteria, is it? Room for creativity. This room is a bit small, but but I think it's okay for us to work with. Yeah mm. Mm. Yeah anyway we have the laboratory nearby to build our modules so it's okay. Good job good job. Thank you. Alright. Mm. Mm we I I know something, we need more cakes, more biscuits on the table while we have meetings. Mm. Mm. Alright then, we finished? Thank you very much.