Yeah I'd to just put on my microphone here and I'll be right with you. Okay? Okay you want me to start right now? Okay. Well, could you um put my slides up 'cause I think it might be helpful if uh we looked at the slides at the same time. I'm participant four I believe. Yes uh-huh. 'Kay. There we go. Okay well I think we have introduced ourselves, so the functional requirements are is is part of my goal but why don't we pass right to the second slide. Cause that's where m my discussion starts. Right well um since I'm in charge of trying to figure out what we should put on this thing since I have to try to sell it. Um I thought that the method I should follow would be gather suggestions from everybody, and th the reason I just put that there like that is that uh in the init in the initial stage I think I should just be open to lots of suggestions. You know you can say anything you want no matter how silly it sounds you know it should run your car, it should heat up your motor if should um turn on your C_D_ whatever you want it to do um and then as we go on what we'll have to do is accept and eliminate these suggestions according to um design and budget feasibility. So I'll be coming to you um frequently as the Industrial Expert to tell me how hard it's gonna be to add a feature or how expensive it's gonna be or if your time, if it takes five years to develop this it's just something we can't do. So in the beginning just have a big puddle of things that we anybody can th throw anything in and then just weed things out that can't be done for one reason or another, and then the things that seem the most attractive that to uh to a customer we'll try to then prioritise those. So that was um what I meant there, and as I said on the slide there consulting the Industrial Engineer about that and the other thing is timing is really gonna be as important as money, because if we're gonna sell this thing, I think the best time to sell it is as a Christmas present. Twenty five Euros makes a nice little present, and we want it to be an impulse purchase, we want somebody to see it and think it's, gee I just gotta have that. And take out their wallet and buy it. So it's gotta be really attractive and it but it's gotta go to market by September, 'cause anything that you don't already have out there in September showing it around, isn't gonna sell for Christmas. Um and then I'll be coming to you as the User Interface person to try to tell me from your point of view what are the most friendly features that we could put on it and try to prior help me with that prioritising of uh of the features and of the the look and the colour and I'll be coming back to you to help weed out those suggestions from that point of view. So I'll be coming to you for how much is it gonna cost us and how long is it gonna take you, and I'll be coming to you to tell me what's gonna make somebody take out their wallet you know, what what's what's gonna really be what they call a sizzle, 'cause we gotta sell this sizzle. A lot of times the thing that works the best from an engineering point of view isn't the thing that somebody's really just gonna take out their wallet and buy for Christmas for for their child or for their husband or whatever. Okay can we go to the next slide please? Alright I I already did a little bit of research after our first meeting where we threw out some ideas and it looks to me that within the budget that we're looking at the uh the whole house idea really isn't gonna be possible. So I'd like your suggestions to come back to the other slide where I was saying we we could suggest anything. I'd like the suggestions to be really specific, so that we'll have a list of things we can cross off, not something like you know whole house control what'll be And then I found on the internet from from my research that some extended electronic entertainment control should be possible. At the budget that we're looking at and at the price point we're looking at, we should be able to make it work the T_V_, the V_C_R_, the stereo set um maybe something else cute like a coffee pot or one other appliance or maybe a lamp. I have to wind up? Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay. Of course, yeah. Okay, so that's something Okay so Okay. Alright, thanks for that. Um alright now other things that I found out on in my research is that the complaints that people have about the remote controls that are out there now. 'Cause a lot of them take too much time to learn how to use, and that was thirty four percent but even more important the thing that we did address in our last meeting that frequently it's lost somewhere in the room. Um so those are two things that we definitely do wanna address, uh we wanna s make it as simple as possible, we wanna make it um obvious and intuitive to use, and then the things about finding it we talked about the a light emitting thing as well as uh maybe a beep, and I think that those are things after my research that we definitely wanna try to incorporate. 'Kay can we go to the next slide please? Okay, so, my personal preferences in this um project are really have to concentrate on the sizzle. That is the selling point, the thing that's gonna make it an impulse purchase. Uh because once there's no be-back, well in sales they always say you know, be-backs don't come back. If somebody says, oh I'll come back and get it next week you're dead. They're never gonna come back and buy it. You've gotta make it attractive enough so they buy it now now now w now is a big word in in my book for selling this thing. And, in order to make it really sellable we've gotta shorten the learning curve, make sure it's really intuitive and easy to use. We have to have as few buttons as possible, because more buttons is more confusion, so that's why I'm saying, simplicity is good. Finding it's important, obviously you can't use it if you can't find it. So we've gotta concentrate on the features that help you find it, and I've already said this several times but I put it down in writing here, it should be an attractive impulse purchase at twenty five Euros. So it has to have enough value that when somebody looks at it they say, uh twenty five Euros I'm not gonna take that. Has to be so great that they're gonna say, uh twenty five Euros isn't much. Um and then maybe a motto, like we put fashion in electronics might be something we can use in our marketing campaign. Okay that's uh about it for me right now. Okay. Mm-hmm. Signal. Mm-hmm. Yeah well that's already been eliminated by management, so we're off the hook. Mm okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well we already eliminated that. Now that's good from a marketing point of view, the fun the fun shape. And that you you say that won't add too much to the budget? To d the shape is uh Do you think there's any chance of um having ser in having basically the same machine with the same buttons but maybe several different shapes? Is that gonna be a possible? 'Cause that might help with the marketing. Because we had something sort of sexy for adults and we could have something sort of silly for children or a little animal shape or in a or a little elephant so they can remember where it is. Mm. Well, I think I think that that's something that we'll have to discuss um with the User Interface person because I think there's a lot of argument to be made for one button for one feature. Because I think one of the things were complaining about in my what I found out in my research is when they complained about how hard it is to learn a new one. The changing modes was something I mean you and I, all f all four of us we work with computers all the time, changing modes is nothing for us, but people who N and And that's and that's the kind of thing people learn by feel, and um you don't feel the mode change. So um maybe having buttons be various shapes might be a help too. You know, like the a triangle is for the volume and a square is for changing channels, so that people can uh develop a tactile sense of it. But we'll get to that with you. That's right, yeah. Now that's a good point. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's a good that's a good one, because the clock would be really friendly, and and when is your favourite show coming on and Yeah, and a lot of time there's not a clock on the screen, and you have to go somewhere but you just wanna look at the news for a minute. Yeah that's that's good, the clock is good. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Case. So it um we should visit this site and have a look at uh what's up there? Or Okay. Okay. So it might be helpful if we had a look at that. Okay, thank you. Could you go back to that slide where she had that uh s slide up Betsy? Yeah, okay, thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm, 'kay. And an alarm clock, yeah that should that should be okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well you know there's the old motto, children under six never shop alone. So if you've designed something that's very attractive to children um the mummy please mummy please um you know we want it now we wanna go to the store and see it um that has uh a lot of marketing pull. Mm-hmm. That's right. You can make a banana shaped one. Mm-hmm. Respect. Mm. What about the electronics? That's not really gonna change much, is it? That that w that won't change much, will it uh? I d I wouldn't think so. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's right, and can we can we is it even feasible to make one one remote control with something for everyone, or would we have to use the same electronics and make three different shapes? Um the same electronics and basically all that's gonna be different is the plastic case. And in that case we could probabl moulded plastic isn't all that expensive is it? Um you as an industrial person? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well there's a real idea yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right. Mm-hmm. Uh yeah. An alternate package. Yeah. Okay. Well I think we can only aff, yeah. Cosmetic. Warning, finish meeting now. Well we may have to come back to one or two of these points at our next meeting but um Mm-hmm. Okay but we have to l Okay, fair enough. Okay.