Okay. So uh, if you could open the PowerPoint presentation. I'm number two. Components design, there we go. So uh can we put it in slide show mode? Yeah. Right here, is that little that one, yes please. Thank you. I'll take the mouse. So uh we were looking he specifically at the components uh the following components, uh the case, the power supply, uh the means of communications with the television set. In instance we had talked about using some sort of speech recognition, you have to have microphone well no you don't actually I haven't have to have microphone in the device, but um maybe you do have it a a way it has to it has to hear the speaker and um, so it could be in the television set, could be in the device, but somewhere you have to put the microphone, um and a w a way of making beeps or sounds so you can find it when it's gets lost. Um so the other w thing that we So. Our method for going about this is we've looked at uh the histo hi historical record, what's worked, what hasn't and then we also um we wanted to evaluate some new materials and we contacted manufacturing for their input because, course, we m might come up and choose the material that then manufacturing didn't have the technologies or capabilities to offer us, so uh this is the approach that we took during our um our research. So um for the case, um we told we were making a specifica specific assumption that it would be curved in design. Course, you know, I wanted it to be expandable and shrinkable, but um that uh doesn't seem to b be one of the choic non-option we can uh we can really seriously explore, so then we were thinking about um rubber, but um unfortunately that's been eliminated because of the heat uh factor and th um there might be some problems with the m uh how it's uh goes with the board. Uh and uh then th plastic also has this problem of melting and it's brittle it gets brittle after a while, so um we still had titanium and and wood available, but um unfortunately uh uh titanium's also been eliminated uh, the m people in manufacturing said that you couldn't make d curved cases out of titanium, although how Apple did it with th PowerBook I'm not su quite sure but uh nevertheless um they've eliminated all of our options except wood. So, this is our finding. And a as she said, it's an environmentally friendly uh material, so we're we're currently uh proposing, uh we'll get to all my personal preferences in just a second. So then there's this other matter of the chips and um well we could use a simple design on the board, but uh these simple chips, but that's only works for the bu you don't get very much um intelligence with this simple one. And um then there was the regular which I regret that I've forgotten exactly why I'm eliminating that one. Uh the other option was this advanced chip on print, and uh we liked th we we found that it it includes this infrared sender, which w 'member the beam was that was an important component of finding the right chip. And uh manufacturing has told us that they've um uh recently developed a uh a sensor and a speaker that would uh be integrated into this advanced chip on print, so uh we we uh now jumping right to our personal preferences um I I'd really think we should, you know, use some of uh some really exotic woods, like um, you know uh, well you guys come from tropical countries so you can kinda think of some trees and some nice woods. I think that people will might really want to design their own cases, you see, they could do sort of a this um three-dimensional design on the internet, and then they could submit their orders, kinda like you submit a custom car order, you know, and you can choose the colour and the size of the wheels and the colours of the leather and things like that, and then I uh think we should go with the solar cells as well as the um microphone and speaker on the advanced chip. So this is the findings of our research and my recommendations um for the new remote control w um would be to have um have it be made out of wood. Do you have any problems with that? I'm not sure, how do I Oh, I know, let's see. Let's go back up here. I think it's um um a multiple uh chip design um and it's uh maybe printed on to the circuit board. Uh I could find out more about that uh before the next fi next meeting. I don't know, but I'll find out more at our next meeting. Sounds good. Because um it gets brittle, cracks Um We want we expect these um uh these remote controls to be around for several hundred years. So. Good ex Good expression. I don't know, speak for yourself, I'm planning to be around for a while. you're what? You think? And you could you could sell oils with it, to take care of it. Well I'm glad you Okay, good. Sorr having a hard time keeping wi control over my face. Mm-hmm. Mm. She works in the cubicle next to me so she's uh she was already a little bit prepared for this. Luckily Ed was not. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you wouldn't wanna have to have splinters in your hand while you're using your It's really good if your dog gets ahold of it, they can use it for teething. Yeah, they do it with other materials as well, yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Right, my hand is uh different size than yours for example. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. A hinge. Be like a copper hinge or you know. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Sure. No, f go to findings. Context-sensitive instructions, depending on what the tel what mode the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ or something else is in. You know, maybe what you could do is when somebody orders the device id you could send them like um a uh uh b some sort of a foam rubber um ball, and then they would squeeze it, and it would take the shape of their hand. To t an and then you would know like um what the geometry of their hands would be and uh Yes you'd know what kind of wood to get. That's right, that's right, you wouldn't wanna go too far down that. Oh that that actually would uh increase the um the revenues we could expect, yeah. Mm-hmm. Right, mm. We'd also have to wor um consider that uh who we were gonna get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes, we might wanna um learn about um labour laws. You know in different countries and stuff wher so we can do it cheap, but you don't wanna exploit uh labour in um third world countries. So actually you could turn it y turn around and say that you're uh par the reason the cost is high for the device is because um you're paying a a working wage to the person who made the device. Cost of living is low. Good, well th that'd be something that manufacturing would have to um explore more and to where Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. What do you think Ed? Do you he liked the display in one of the concepts that you showed, um, do you know how much it costs, um, to to add a little display like this uh? Do you wanna take an action item to go find out? Okay. Sorry about that. So the the advanced chip on print is what um what we've we've deci we've determined and the uh engineering industrial design is the recommendation, and um I think we've kinda come to some agreement regarding um this concept of a wooden case. A customisable and Uh I don't think so, no, I think they could be rubber like they are now, so you have that tactile experience of So um are we done with this meeting? And a marketing strategy.