Rock and roll. So do we need to re-train Mike on how to put his mic on? Okay, can he get it all by himself this time? So I believe I can fly. Just what I needed was something exciting. Remember, I'm an old man. Thirty's really young, eh? Jose he man is. N name. I've I just love you tech guys, huh. They just Yeah y do jabber. P Yeah. I I gotta I gotta flashlight, and uh yeah but it's interesting 'cause you shake it like this. Like this. And that's on the camera. Yeah. I g I I figured you would. Yes. Yeah. It it it Uh. Uh uh to me in a marketing sense it's not it's not relative. We can we can o we can uh accentuate whatever whatever product you put in there we can find a way to accentuate it. And if you make it from that super rubber, when you drop it on the floor it can bounce right back up in your hand. You don't even need to lean down to get it. Mm-hmm yeah that's yeah that's what I see. Yeah that's what I see also. Ooh. That's right. Mm-hmm. I dunno. Trend watching I guess. Trend watching I believe. See what it looks like. It's been so long. Well I don't know what to say. When I s when I see the when I see the product I I I I don't wanna buy it. I see so many of 'em out there. There's nothing about that product that makes me wanna choose that product over other products that are out there. Yeah yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay 'cause 'cause right now I don't have too much to say about how to market this product because we don't have a product to market yet. And uh from from talking to Mike is that we have we have uh we can market a more expensive product now. That's what I understand so, hello. And and so yeah I'm a I'm a little bit stuck right now in that what uh w what is it that I'm gonna market? Uh without special or increased marketable features I don't believe the product has a consumer demand. Uh I like the idea of of the scroll makin there are so many people making these products at this price right now. What are we gonna do to make this one special and unique? Uh well I don't yeah it's I I just see it as different. I don't say it's specially mm I don't say it's special. Uh I say that it's different I what I'm looking for as marketing is m give me something different. I give me a lower price, give me a higher price, give me some new technology, don't give me the same thing that everybody else is putting out there on the shelf it's f at the same price. I need something to market about this thing. We're we're a new firm. What i if when when we have yeah when we when we have something like the cradle or or something give that's as as a marketing standard I need something to market, to make this product unique. Yep. Mm 'kay. Just remember when I made up this report I didn't have the information that we're discussing here. And and so so uh yeah when we have a cradle, when we have some kind of design, so what I'm saying is, from my perspective, I don't have a product to market right now. Um uh my personal preference is that we make some adjustment in the cost, either lower or develop an integrated new technol technology. That's that is the next step, there's technology and then there is technology, which we're moving into the next phase. And so uh we're gonna have some new technology to enhance the marketability. Yeah uh again I'm not sold on the product because we don't have a product in my opinion yet. So I need a product. I need a product to market. And I just whatever product you guys put together, we'll find a way to market it. Tha that I'm not concerned with. If you if you give me if you give me a cut-out of what everybody else has then I need to I need to find a lower cost. Yeah wh wh what's the wh Okay now what I see with the scroll wheel is everybody has buttons. So from a marketing standpoint I have I have another door to walk through when we have something that's unique. If it creates something more complex or more expensive, then I don't know if that makes it uh a marketing necessity. But again, from a marketing perspective I want as much new and different about this thing as possible because we're we're co it's a very competitive market. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. I think it's that's right. I think so. Mm. Yep. I think we got some exclusivity in that, you know, we got something that nobody else has right now, and and that means we can we can make some adjustments in the retail or wholesale price if we need to and it also can create it's own demand from it's uniqueness. Yeah. Yeah right now there's right now there's nothing coming out of the T_V_ to receive, so you know unless technology changes and information starts coming out of the a cable box or something there's no s I don't see the, I don't see the necessity of an L_C_D_ either. Don't see it. Again. Well I think it's it's the more uniqueness you can bring to the product, the easier it is, I believe, for me to market. Uh again the push-buttons I I see are are everywhere. And so we can go with the same thing, but we're gonna be com competing in a in a broader market than if we go with something unique. You know the other thing I thought about was you know, do we go to something like this? Make a remote that doesn't look like a remote. It's just another it's just a an idea, and I don't know I mean what I see one of the things one of the things you brought up in an earlier presentation is, when you got children, their their stuff gets inside the circuitry, they get dirty, they get messy with drinks and stuff. This And what I keep throwing out there I just keep throwing out ideas to try to make this thing look or act or in some way identify itself as unique or different. But you guys are the ones that have to c ultimately create the product within cost. Oh okay phew. I think you gotta g get into cost effectiveness. I think if you can have the base station with a with a locator, I think those are two very strong features, if that's something that can be integrated without a bunch of extra cost. Mm-hmm. Integrated, yeah. So it's just uh I I think that's I know personally that would be a very attractive feature, is to have a uh have a button I can push to find my remote control. Or maybe you can like have a a smell-o-rama, you know you push a button and it s puts out a stink. You can Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. W Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I think there's you know that uh there are so many people today that are that are surfing are television surfers, and I see the scroll as a as a great mechanism for surfing. Instead of going button-to-bu you just j you'd j j j j j j. I really I really think that's a really cool thing for surfing. Well there's ano That's right. Yeah I think so. I I think so. Now the the only thing I I on the interface side of it, is that I I I see the dilemma. But if we have the option of of scrolling at any particular speed, or the option of jumping direct, okay. So I can go uh presuming I have, on my television, something that tells me what channel I'm on, I can scroll direct from channel five to channel thirty two. I know what because it's on the television. The television tells me what channel it's on when I change it. So I don't know that really that's that's gonna be a a d problem, 'cause the television can go automatically from channel five to channel thirty two with the push of a button. Okay? So ca can we can we create that kind of interface within a scroll system? You understand what I'm saying? Oh no we could read it from the television. Yeah the the television can tell you. Can. Put And then. And again we have another another great marketing tool. We have about three we have three or four things here. I dunno and an maybe we maybe even have this as in-house technology. This may be something that's available through our own uh through our own services. Or we go directional up we go we go this we go this we go this way for one, we go this way for the other. Ah-ha okay. Okay, okay, well then you just have, you have a diff you have a mode switch. Yeah yeah. Well you had acknowledged that we have more money for this. Didn't you say so? That's what I mean. We can increase the cost. So I don't know I don't know whether having Well I think th I think the design and technology has to come back and say, okay to create this product we see it's gonna cost us this much for this volume, because we do have a volume target of of fifty million profit. Okay I'm I'm okay with that. I guess what I just want to me the next step is for these guys to come come in with the design proposal w with the cost estimate attached, and then we have to take this to the next level. We have to find cost. Yeah, I was gonna say thirty five to fifty. Because one of th one of the things we're marketing about this product is that this is the last one you will ever need to buy for your television. It's one of the marketing features in this. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. Bas th that's that's easy. That's that's not a, it's a. 'Cause we have about six, six, seven features in that alone. Under the title of uniquenesses. Well I have Is my three twenty one is the next meeting? That's that's almost uh fifty minutes. You guys can You guys you guys can uh create a All kinds of things. Thanks, yeah. Still. Thank you. I don't have any emails. This means I can go home. Oh, we all leave.