So in last meeting we have discussed the conceptual design and we asked you to prepare a prototype for the for the remote control. So. So let's see the what did you prepare. Sh share folder for th your presentation? Because I have here Okay just one. Why you why you you put it in the the side? It's not a good place maybe. Oh it's very costly, microphone array. How much does it cost this one? Fifteen dollars? Ah it's above it's above the budget. How many b battery is there? Battery. So one one battery? It's kinetic reserve. Mm. I think it's not a good idea because after maybe one or two months of function is getting destroyed. If you Mm-hmm. No four dollars, it's good. And we will we will serve the charger with this? With the remote control. Okay so the price of the charger included in the Mm-hmm. The price should be below twelve and a half Euro. Well that's so We have we have just The price of selling is twenty five Euros. And the price of production That's for this basis function and if you want more you pay more. Yeah. Okay. But Mm-hmm. Titanium. What what's Maybe yeah. What's the price to p to produce? With with with the charge? Okay. We don't have charger. We don't have all the options. Charger we don't have charger here either. No it's it's below the the the budget. It's below the bu the budget. We Yeah. You. And you? Mm-hmm. Uh For L_C_D_. Without L_C_D_. Uh no innovative yeah. So let's remove it. But This is the problem. No it's just if I I see the the f the rate I think it's better to do it without L_C_D_. Because that's with L_C_D_ just will increase the price, and I thi i they have the same rate so without L_C_D_ it will be Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Without L_C_D_. Yeah. What a what what about the sys speech recognition? what about the integration of speech recognition? Ah so it's optional with the okay. I think it will be I think i I think it will be better if we have all these modules in the same remote control, because maybe parents will lose these uh Yeah. Or ma yeah. Or maybe parents they can for forget where they put it or, so mayb better if you have all this in the same Yeah. So you mean that even if these modules will be will be functional uh will be optional. Uh I think it inc increase. I think it i increases. Hmm. And and we we we we we we don't want that. So Project evaluation project satisfaction, for example. I don't know, we have to ask these question. We have to give answers so Project evaluation. Mm-hmm. Yeah I think so. He gave you the liberty to talk as you wants. Uh the teamwork was very very good. I was really I am very satisfying to work with with you. Oh. Less fancy. De Without without L_C_D_, without speech recognition, it will be simple. Yeah free free coffee. Yeah thank you for your work and