Fantastic. Titanium. Expensive. I don't know, I think verbally we can we can pretty much sell. Hmm. Uh from her side, I don't think uh there's too many more questions. If you can come to the Okay, from the marketing yeah, from the marketing side, just to to give an idea what the management is looking for, I was looking for a a remote control to have a s I have a sales price of twenty-five Euro, with a production price of uh twelve and a half Euro. For what uh I think from what we're trying to find, we're tr we're looking for, I don't think that price is exactly in the market. Okay? I'll explain myself here now in the sense that uh in a in the recent surveys, uh from the ages fr from fifteen to thirty-five, eighty percent are willing to spend more money for something as fancy as trendy. Twenty-five Euros, uh that's that's a preson reasonable price. That's a market price right now. Now if we're gonna take a risk, and push this up a bit, make it more expensive, but give them added things that they don't have now, then it w it could possibly sell. Obviously the risk is there. Too expensive, they're not gonna buy. But, I think uh there's one other thing interesting two things that are interesting is that uh from the fifteen to thirty-five year-old group, which always spends more money on trendy new things, speech recognition is requested. And we're talking between seventy-five to ninety percent of this group is willing to pay for speech recognition on a remote. Obviously, we can't make a remote into a computer, but maybe simple commands. I dunno, louder, softer, on, off. That might be a possibility, even though it costs more, to be the first on the market to produce this. Thirty-five percent say they're too difficult to use. So we have to figure out a way of making it um more user friendly. Uh fifty percent say they can't find the remote half the time. So maybe one word speech recognition commands, say remote, and there's a beep beep beep, and they can find it through, you know, ten tons of newspapers, magazines, whatever you have at home. But, in the cost that uh the management is looking for, that's not gonna be possible. But if it's trendy, if it's fancy, it's got some colour to it, if it's very easy easy to use, if it's got simple remote speech remote uh control, like I said, louder, softer, change channel, on, off, remote, it goes beep beep, I can find my my remote without spending half a day looking for it and getting all upset 'cause I can't turn the T_V_ on. So we're gonna have to look at it in a in this global idea, with the ideas of the industrial uh design. But, price obviously we have to talk about. Speech recognition. Mm. Because tha w with speech recognition uh th I'm not that good at that idea but th if it's a one-word recognition, 'cause I know with telephones and cars and things I've seen in the States, a friend of mine says call Mom, and it calls up Mom. 'Kay the radio can be on and everything. Because I think s with speech recognition, if uh the the remote or like the telephone it has a exact word that it has to hear. I don't think it would come through a sentence in a television. If somebody's speaking on the se the television, they're not gonna stop and say remote, okay. So I think that uh something could be designed to recognise single word Like the t like the telephone. No because I this is this is years ago in the United States where we're driving down and he said call home, and the telephone called immediately so well, that's kinda cute. From from your side uh, you're gonna have to go back the management and s be more s precise. What do they want? Uh, a risk, take a risk on the market? Something that's gonna cost more, but could very easily s make a boom in the market? Because it has to be something totally different, has to be total totally new. Something that nobody has right now. And it's gonna cost. Mm-hmm. Sure. Sure. Obviously. If the bottom line is positive. Mm. Mm. Yes. Mm. Hmm. Individual actions. She's objecting. Oh th we s we still have Yeah. Right. Agreed.