Alright well we got some exciting stuff for you guys. Or not. All ready. We do. Alright. I guess I'll go first. Yeah. Component, I think. Yeah. Yep that's it. My name is. My name is name. Sorry I did this in a bit of a rush. So so here's a look inside your really old-looking remote control. Um you've got a printed a printed uh circuit board here, and you've got all these buttons which kinda press down little rubber nubbies into these little holes that activate Yeah we've all broken a remote control. So you've also got um you've got your chip here, your batteries here, and some sorta electronics. Um Well so you've got here's here's a transistor, and this amplifies your signal, um you've got the L_E_D_ here on the end of the uh uh on the end of the printed circuit board. Um you've got a couple diodes here for I don't know who and whatnot. So exactly. So um we've got a i in this in this uh drawing he uh in this example here, this is a eighteen pin um uh chip I dunno. Uh it's two double A_ batteries. This is pretty standard remote. So here are options for our power sources. You can use a basic battery, which we've already discussed, um th our tech department also said we have the option of doing some kind of hand dynamo where maybe you crank it or something like that. I don't know if that's really I don't know we got some qu crazy guys down there in that department so You shake it. Yeah. So that's the next bullet is the um the kinetic provision of energy, so it's like that flashlight where you have to shake it. Uh we've got solar cells, which I don't think is a very good idea because um you could not use your remote at night which doesn't make a lot of sense. And finally we've got our cradle o our power cradle idea. M battery versus cradle I think is yeah. It could be fun. Yeah. Well it is it is more uh I mean it is more eco-friendly than the than the cradle 'cause you're still using power off the grid with the cradle. So um our case design. We have uh choices in materials and choices in the general shapes that we can do. Our material choices are a plastic latex um ty or plastic, a rubber latex type thing, uh wood, or titanium. If we go with titanium we're gonna be uh limited in the amount of shapes we can do because it's tough to shape the titanium, and uh Yeah pers I think wood i I I can't see anybody wanting to use a wooden remote, it's just anti-technology really, you know. Right. And what we may be able to do, and I think this might be the best option is to combine some a couple of these. Um my recommendation personally would be to do some kind of a plastic inner shell with a like a rubber outer shell, to make it um to mak uh like a thick plastic inner shell and a t um kind of a to have that rubber outer shell to make it more durable, and also maybe i I think it feels a little better than the plastic. Yeah um Yeah. The advantages of working with plastic and rubber is w we we'll have a lot more um options just in terms of shape because you can extrude plastic in basically any shape you want. So um and then we can cover you know the breakable bits with rubber yeah so um But basically these are curved and double-curved I I believe that the tech department, in their um in their message to me, that they were referring to the number of th curves in the bottom. I have no idea exactly what they're talking about, but that's what they told me, uncurved, flat, curved, or double-curved. I would guess this like this pen would be kinda like a double-curved, where it's curved on m m multiple axes, right? I think curved means just curved in one axis and double-curved is curved in two axes or surfaces. I have no idea. Oh okay oh like a wave, okay. Alright that makes sense okay. Um okay, with the interface we have the following options, we can u we can use push buttons, we can use a scroll wheel with an integrated push button, and L_C_D_ display, or multiple scrolling wheels. Um so these are all options that the user interface guy can uh has at his disposal to put together a user interface. For electronics, we have these very technical um descriptions here. A simple chip, which is the least expensive, but I have no numbers to give you, a regular chip, which is like the medium porridge the medium expense uh Yes the difference is, with a simple chip a simple chip will operate oh why doesn't this scroll up? Previous previous, okay. A simple chip is required to operate push buttons. Um an advanced chip is required to to operate um the L_C_D_ display, and it didn't say specifically, but I I have a hunch that a regular chip is gonna be the scroll wheel and the multiple scroll wheels. So but yeah. That's the end of my presentation. I think No. If the T_V_ is working, yeah. That's just I mean it'll if somebody says up in the middle of a television show, it's gonna change the channel. So Well then why don't you just press the up button? Even still there's gonna be interf th there's there still will be interference from the T_V_. It might not be it might not be completely confusing, but I think you'll still y it's still I don't think it's practical at all. I think it's a bad idea frankly. That I would believe. Mm-hmm. That's not a scroll wheel. Right. Instead of play, stop, rewind, and fast forward there, that's up, down, louder, and quieter. Trend watching has a later date there. Are you talking about the picture? That's not our that's not our b design, that's just a that's just something he a a graphic he used to show you the layout of what the layout of the buttons might be like. What's special and unique about a scroll? Well right I think the two big th points that we have so far are the having the cradle and also having uh the um the actual design of the uh case itself having like this like rubber shell maybe with a plastic interior, having it look really nice um and also be really durable. Right yeah. Yeah. Well let's get a product then. Well my question is what would the scroll wheel do? Function-wise, what does that do that Yeah. Well it's it's just another way to do the exact same thing that the buttons do. Yeah. Th they are gonna be more expensive, but on the other hand, I mean, it I mean it is an alternative if if you think that's gonna sell some some uh you know if if we're gonna make up the extra cost by extra sales I think maybe it's worth it to do it, but I mean I would just use if I was gonna do this I would just use the scroll wheel for s channels up and channels down. I don't think volume or do you think volume would be No we can we can do multiple scroll wheels but Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I'm thinking yeah something like kinda almost like these pens, you know, where there's you have plastic bits and then it's not really rubber but just kinda like a fused the plastic with rubber on the outside. Well no ma yeah maybe a bit more then th is on here but ju just as a kind of an inspiration, these pens I think are are kind of Or from from my perspective I think L_C_D_ is a mistake because this is a universal remote and all you're doing I mean it's you're not gonna get any information back from the television, so the only information you can display on this remote is what channel you just sent it at last and there's just not a lot of information, you know, there. It receives no information. So I I don't see any reason for having an L_C_D_ 'cause it's an increased cost. Unless you can think of something interesting to do with it. Right. Well we have to I think for me it's still not exactly clear exactly what the inter user interface is gonna be. There's the scroll wheel, in or out? What do you guys like in the user interface? Well I dunno about like the flip-phone idea, because I think, as far as durability th it's not a big well maybe when it's closed. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well The The locator's gonna require a radio transmitter, which will Um we're probably gonna have to go with a like a medium chip, s I would imagine. But we I we will need a receiver, an antenna. Yeah. It should be a really simple signal though so That's true yeah. Oh yeah yeah. It'll be really cheap. So the scroll wheel, in or out? For me I think the scroll wheel actually might not be so bad. I don't know exactly what the increased cost is gonna be, but I think he does have a point, i it might push somebody over the edge when they're looking at our at our remote versus something else, when they see this one has a scroll wheel to go up and down on the channels. I think it might be kinda neat to be able to do it like that. Sure. Well I think wh what it would be is like like the m like this, where it's maybe you know a digital wheel, right, where it's where it's quantized into you know certain That was that was my my intuition of what the scroll wheel would be. It's just it's basically it it's just a f look and feel thing. It has the same exact functionality as two buttons. Yeah. Now just just so you know though uh you did bring up a point which is very valid, is a lot of T_V_s won't re the T_V_s won't respond exactly the same. Some of them are gonna be kinda slow switching, so you may like queue up like fifteen channel changes, and it'll be like flip, flip, flip. But Right. Yeah it just might be frustrating where you can't make it go as fast as you want, but I think once people get used to it I I do like the idea of the scroll wheel though. I think I know what you might be getting at, or or Well, what about this what about if you can programme in your favourite channels into this scroll wheel and you can just like roll through your favourite channels, and it c it Why? It'll tell you when you flip the channel on the T_V_. Yeah. Well you just it's one extra button. You say programme start, and then type in 'cause you still have the typing you know you'll still have the keypad where you can type 'em in manually. So programme start, zero, one, enter, zero, five, enter, thirty eight, enter, programme end. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh well we also have to determine in some manner how to switch between modes, between going through your favourites list and just hitting up one, up two. No because you wanna be able to go up and down through the channels. Right. I think we'll need a we'll need a mode switch, but then if we have a mode switch we're gonna need some kinda indicator to which, an L_E_ an L_E_D_ okay. Okay. Okay. Just so you know I think I mean it was my understanding that before we were gonna stay in the mid-market range. It seems we're kind of approaching a higher-end range. I wanna make sure everybody's okay with that. Okay. I just wanna make sure everybody's on board with it. So Right. Well y yeah. Let's let's try and think now, how much would you pay for with all these features how much would you pay if you went to the store, and you were in the market f to replace your T_V_ remote, how much would you pay for that? I'm just asking you. If Then you could probably afford this. Oh no no. I would say thirty five to forty. Okay. Right. With a cradle, radio transmitters, and back-lit buttons. And it's gonna look sexy. Or not. It might look like clay. Probably. We'll let you know when we're done, if we can go earlier. Yeah. I don't think so. If we have any questions we'll just email you I guess.