Hi. Yeah, I think that pretty much is it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You don't know me. I could lose that in a minute. Well, um looks like we still have quite a choice of things out there. Um what uh I'm No suggestion's bad. But uh we're gonna have to narrow it down a little more. I don't think that we can get uh The T-shape is good, the child one is good, the too big to misplace, I think it's just funny. Um I don't think that's gonna be our impulse purchase at the checkout counter. It's it's gonna be a little bit too unwieldy. Yeah mm. Mm-hmm. Have to come back to that later. Okay. No, I think her presentation was good, and she really explored all the options. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Good point. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. Okay. Hmm, that's interesting. Uh yeah, on the scroll and the push-button, um ca you can achieve scrolling by repeatedly pushing a button? Mm-hmm. Um. We'll just go for push buttons for in the interest of cost. Okay. Okay. Go right to my first my next slide. Um alright, my method is uh I'm interested in what the competition is doing, and wanna see how we can make ourselves different from the competition, so I've really been looking at the press and the ads that are out there for other remote controllers. I s I spend a lot of time on the internet um surfing around doing the same thing. And then when I'm out um in people's houses or at meetings or anything like that, I try to notice what kind of remote controls people have, and if it's convenient in the conversation I ask about it. And I would encourage you all to do the same. Um and my findings from this is that, you know, small is beautiful. Um people like something that really fits in their hand. Simple is beautiful. They don't want to have to squint at small print um, they want buttons whose functions are obvious, and they want um as few buttons as possible, and they don't care for the mode thing. They want each button to do something. And eye-catching is important. It's gotta look cute, it's gotta look appealing. Go ahead, I'm trying to finish fast for you. Um and our preference is, as far as I'm concerned, are we got to get to the market before the competition. Ours has to be look really great and it has to come out before the others, so that we have a leg up on time to sell it and push it before other people get out their Christmas item. And we should develop one or two features we can really dwell on in our ad campaign. If we try to tell people it has too many great features, um the consumer just gets confused and we don't get anywhere. So we've gotta narrow our selection down to li two things, I think, that we gonna say are really great about our our our new product. And I've been looking around um at what designs every year different things are popular. And in my research this year I found out that fruit and vegetable shapes are really popular. And people are tired of hard plastic and hard metal. They are more back into soft feel, spongy feeling things, things with maybe a little cloth on them. So those are things maybe we wanna look at as far as saleability of the item. Mm-hmm. You wanna try to come back to yours, and limit yours a bit? Okay. So speech recognition is most important as far as you're concerned? Yeah h that could that could that could be our star feature. That that be really good, yeah, I agree with that. Distance problem? Uh. I think I think battery, and I think we all agreed on that. That that's that's gonna be most cost-effective and the best thing. Yep. Bright, colourful, trendy trendy design, and strong. Mm-hmm. Well, I think that Yeah, or or like her speech recognition would also be a supplement. Her speech recognition feature would be a supplement. Okay, so why don't we put down speech recognition if possible pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is. Okay. Wherever they're hiding?