Mm-hmm. At least it's environmentally friendly. Thank you. Yeah. Why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material? Mm-hmm. Whic Which Although I think I think with wood though you'd run into the same types of problems, wouldn't you, I mean it chips, it if you drop it, uh it's I'm not su I think if you re if you use really good quality wood, then it might work, but you can't just use Yeah, exactly, yeah. The stain. Um, in terms of comments on this or in terms of my own Y yeah. I think we can get the quality materials then it shouldn't influence the design principles too much, which you'll see with my presentation. One thing we'd have to check though is what the users whether how quickly the novelty wears off of having uh Yeah, for example. So, have to see how kid-friendly it is and and all that, but Sure. One point three, yeah. Uh, yeah. I think so, yeah. Yeah, that's the one. So, it's a very short presentation, 'cause I'm actually gonna draw you the layout on the board so if you want to just go straight to the second slide, um, which basically shows, sort of I took the ideas that we were talking about last time um and tried to put that into the remote control so the things that y you can actually see on it are the on off switch, volume and channel control, the menu access button, ergonomic shape, which I completely agree with Christine's idea to have it sort of molded, so it's slightly more ergonomic and comfortable to hold than the r standard very straight remote controls. And actually the other thing with the wood if we take your customising idea, is that people can actually do sort of quasi-measurements on their hand size, so if someone has larger hands, you have a wider remote control. So, that's actually a really good idea for customi customisability. Um, one thing I thought might be kind of interesting is to put a flip screen on it, just like you have on flip phones, so that you don't have this case where someone sits on the remote control or accidentally puts their hand on it, especially if you have little kids around, they're not pressing the buttons while you're trying to watch a T_V_ show and accidentally change the channel or turn it off. And also um you had issues with the batteries running out, so I thought maybe we could put a little battery life-light on it that kind of goes dimmer and dimmer and dimmer as your battery is starts to die. And in terms of invisible features, audio and um tactile feedback on button presses and, like you said, speech recognition. So, in terms of what this thing would actually look like Despite working in interface design, I'm not the greatest artist in the world, so you'll have to forgive me. You'd have something like this with an on-off switch fairly big, sort of in the corner and by itself, so you don't accidentally turn your T_V_ off while you're trying to manoeuvre other buttons. And then you have sort of one of those toggle displays for, oops, channels and volume, sort of for surfing channels and then volume, so the volume would be the up and down, 'cause volume goes up and down and then channels left to right. And then here you'd have your sort of standard, telephonish number pad. And then on one side you would have an access to the menu on your T_V_ and on the other side a way to turn off the voice control. So that if the user doesn't want to use their voice, they can just turn it off and you don't have the remote control accidentally changing things on you. Um, so again you can have a little L_C_D_ light somewhere, the flip thing and Have I forgotten anything? I don't think so. So, as you can see, it's a very very simple design, which is one of the things I really wanted to keep, is keep it simple, not have too many buttons, not have too many functionalities thrown into it. Think the design can pretty much carry over to everything, although with the wood the flip screen might have to do something slightly different. Yeah. But you also have to d start watching out for the weight, 'cause depending on how much the the flip screen will add to the weight of the remote control, you don't want it to start getting too heavy. But that's the general layout with the general functionalities, if we come up with something else. As you can see, there's still lots of space on the actual remote control and if you do it customisably, you can make this thing fairly small or fairly o large, depending on personal preferences. So, that's pretty much all I had to say, I mean, everything else in terms of design issues. Um the centering of the key pad and the channel is just depending on where your thumb is and you tend to use the the volume control and uh the browsing more than the actual number pad, so that would be sort of in direct line of where your thumb goes when you are holding the remote control, the number pad a little bit lower 'cause it's used less frequently. So once we decide exactly what we want, then we can figure out the exact positioning, but more or less I think it should go along those lines. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, no. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right. Especially you might need something like that for training the speech recognition and yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. Yeah, so it's really molded to to your specific But th for that you'd also have to do sort of an average across families and things like that if unless everyone has their own personal remote. The sales, yeah. Yeah. Well, already the customisability is a really good sort of new gimmick. Yeah. Yeah. And that took off, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think it depends, I mean I think it's a good idea, but we need to really think about how useful it's gonna be because theoretically with the T_V_ you already have a big display right in front of you. So, if we're trying to keep costs down, then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go. I mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for very specifically what it would be used for, 'cause if it's only used for one little thing, then putting in a big display case or a big display that's probably expensive just to do the training on the chip for the speech recognition or whatever, may not be the most cost-efficient way to go, but that's just sort of speculation, I mean. Mm-hmm. What about the buttons, would Would the buttons be wood too, or Mm-hmm. Okay. Sure. No. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay.