Okay? Good afternoon. Hope you have good lunch. Oh. Nice. And you? Okay. So today is um our third meeting. It will be about the conceptual design uh. If I come back to uh the minutes of the last meetings um. We decided not to go for speech recognition technologies because of some reasons and we are not decided about u the use of L_C_D_ screen on on the remote control because of costs. So maybe we cou wi will be able to clarify this this question to today. Uh at the end of the meeting we should take decision on that point. So I hope uh that your respective pr presentations uh will help us. So each of you have some presentatio presentation to perform um who starts? So marketing. So you are you saved your y your presentation somewhere? So you're four? Which is trend watch. Okay. Mr Marketing Experts. So Mm-hmm. Next slide? Yeah. Okay. Mm. Drawings of bananas. Uh-huh. Well so this is in the next slide certainly. It's not? So maybe you maybe you can display a banana on the L_C_D_. Apple for channel one. Okay. That's a question. Maybe too long. A banana. Okay. Yeah and you you you will not have pla enough a lot of place to put a L_C_D_ on a banana also. Well, you're the Marketing Expert you should tell us if it is too much or not. So So you you you suggest to go f Okay. S so you're simply you're simply looking s to a remote control that looks like a banana with few buttons with only a few buttons. Okay good. So maybe you can go ahead? Okay. Thanks. Um. Okay, I'll give the floor. So you are User Interface guy. So you're three? And it's this one. Go for it. I there's something that I unclear really understanding. Is this a technology that recognize keywords speech keywords? And it's just to, it's just to playback something? Yeah yeah. So this is not s really to do to to do control. Yeah. This is just more like a poi pois yeah. Yeah yeah. So it it's c uh it it it is a uh uh easy uh a fancy thing that you you can bring to we can bring to the remote control that will not have any uh yeah comp completely pointless for the inter for from the interaction point of v point of view. Okay. Yeah yeah. So this is so this is this is much more than tak taking this technology, bringing it to the remote control and using it. So this is out of discussion. So if if if it is something that you can we can bring easily and to put it into the banana remote control No this is mm banana-bando, yeah. Uh then it could be cool yeah. Okay. Okay. It doesn't look like a banana at all. Yeah. But you you can fit i you're saying now you can fit it to Yeah. Mm. It's enough. Switch on. Yeah. Okay. So i it looks like we're going completely to forget about the L_C_D_ thing. I think that No we can we can't use that. We can't use that to to comman co communicate, it's just a thing No. Yeah. Yeah. A good good good thing. You want to g to move to your slides? You're finished? Yeah I think so. Mm-hmm. Mm. Exactly yeah. Oh, good idea. Very good. Okay, let's move on. So you're two? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm but i but there is no elasticity which could be Yeah but the components inside. Yeah. Very too expensive to do. And also uh Yeah but it's more easier to do a banana in plastic than uh in wood. Well it look like it looks like you are all targeting that yeah? Yes it is. Yeah? Pumpkin. Green. Um um um, yes I see. Pep pepperoni. Poivron. Uh pepper. But um they do d Yeah. Yeah. It's not re it you you think it's really fancy and fun? You think that young people that are Yeah. More than a banana? Yeah. It's kind it's kind of it's more uh it's really ergonomic, it's fit in the hand and you've a lot of surface to to put the controls. Okay let's move on. So time is running, let's move on. Okay. S objects. Crazy objects. Okay. Okay, good. Bu it's it's. You s you you thing. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You think that yellow it's kitsch. If you make something that looks like a banana it should have the colour of a banana. O otherwise Roughly. Yeah. Okay. Let's move on. Uh uh yeah. Before before st before ending the meeting I'd like to to draw some sketch about the pro future prot prototype. Go for it. Well no, not not you, you can finish your slides before Mm okay. Okay. That's all? Okay, so mm so well done for the presentations. So we need to take some de decisions about um about what we're going to do. So I I propose that you go to the whiteboard and we're going to report all the ideas we had we had during this these presentations just to draw some sketch about what will be the prod final product and uh where Superman go banana and uh uh extra func functionalities such as wheels, um the speaker unit um well not in order not to lost the um the device, I do I don't remember you call it? Basis station, yeah. Uh so um so we're going for a stylish banana shape. Yeah, right. We I if it i if it has really the model shape of a bana you could the the starting is good but it could it should have more the shape of a banana if you want to point really a at the thing. If you don't want to to to do that movement which is which is difficult if you don't have to do it in fact, it's better. So ti time is running, we have to we have to we have to to move forward. So let's skip to uh this uh this this this idea. Yeah. So we have this. We have a a basis um, how do you call it? A base station. We'll have a base station extra uh on the side. Yeah. Uh, we have a R_F_ for um for beeping for beeping. We need b R_F_ to beep. So we that means we need a button on th on the on the basis. Basis station, thank you. Can you go quickly please? Okay. So we are going to add uh also um you as you suggested the whee some wheels to control the volumes and channels and your tur turbo turbo uh button. Yeah, on the th yeah, maybe here. And the and the wheel a a at the level of the thumb for instance. And and you have two wheels. Okay right. Good. So no L_C_D_. Okay great. Um. Very good. Yeah. Oh, just the switch, no f not for the T_V_ for the T_V_. Uh so you On the side. Twenty five. Yeah. So. Well. No. Time is running, we have to close the meeting in a few minutes. So, okay, the next step, you can come back to your seat. The next step is to go for to f is to go to uh to building a prototype, based on this, okay? So next meeting you guys have to prepare the followi things. You have to uh work on the look and feel uh design and you have to work on the user interface, in fact you two you have to work together to model the first uh f first prototype. Uh Marketing Expert uh have to go to product evaluation. Okay? It's too difficult. It's not a possi it will not be possible to implement it for the next prototype, so t it's in the next prototype so let's skip it. Yeah, maybe, for the n if if if it it works well, we'll go for uh an orange one. Yeah yeah, honour the fruit. Okay. Thanks very much. We'll see n next meeting. Bye. Thank you.