Or browse. Mm. Now we are supposed to give some oper offers right now. I yeah. L_E_D_. Mm-hmm, hmm. Also so you have uh uh browsing the channels, actually so you can go up and down the channels, uh, if you have a video or something you can forward, back. Oh no no no, this is a single this this is a model with just the T_V_ one. No no just sorry, this is a standard T_V_ one, we are not talking about that. So and then we have usually there twelve keys but we know that we rel that we have only ten digits. The extra two are for uh having or giving an option for uh having more than one channel. And the other one is for the teletext or something you want to browse through from that. Actually. It's a very basic minimal thing which you can which is which is also available in the market, actually that's what it that it i and would cost us to build it about eight Euros. Yeah. Yeah. So this one model and uh yeah. Sure. Th this is a magic one but I know we don't want to talk about that, you know like uh i i i it is a very futuristic, it's like uh it's like a brain machine interface and all this stuff we are thinking about in the future, it can come. So that uh then what we look t yeah. This is a model, yeah. Yep. Uh so well then the this is the a more a little uh smooth and it gives a lot of functionality, uh in this way, so all we have uh th you see there are only six keys, but don't worry they are ma they are doing the job of twelve keys actually here. And so they have more space actually and uh it's easy to uh use this and uh you have um so this is a standard uh uh infrared eye, and then you have a power button, which l volume, what you have, and then other than that you have uh channel up and down and uh f slow pause or s slow lo yeah s pause or stop, and uh then uh you can uh you have a L_C_D_ display, here and uh y this is a functional thing which can change like it's a toggle switch which could change the function say, y you press it Yeah. I really can change it, so Instead of having many switches, y The L_C_D_ can display what is that on that, and uh well you can have a integrated microphone over here, or in the button th here, so which can uh basically you want to do a speech recognition and uh that channel a lot of information can be di displayed here directly on the um on your on your display. And here is a small L_E_D_ which is like blinking one, which tells you like uh are you running out of the battery, and which is can be useful for the locating as I was talking earlier okay. And uh well then we have a cover basically, basically you don't need much of the time this, when you need you can use it, and this gives additional functionality that tomorrow you want you can add a tactile thing to this cover you know. Design enter. Yeah. Yeah. It's basically to do that. Actually when you are watching the T_V_, when you are watching anything or listening to them, you hardly care about what is getting displayed here, you know, uh you want to uh and this gives a protection to the L_C_D_ actually, giving a cover to that actually. Gives a protection because when it falls down or something it it is it is is is it gives a protec it's more robust that way. Uh yeah. And you have very good chances Yeah. Yeah. It Sixteen Euros. Yeah. Three Euros. Part of that. Yeah. Well uh if you we can have if you have new more ideas we can add new more uh some more keys if you want to you know Yeah it it should not be cluttering up everything. Ah that's for the it's kind of a L_E_D_ for indicating your battery and as well as it's like a blinking one you know you can keep it aside. Yeah. And now it easy to use. No. Mm yeah. Well I will give it maybe we have anyways the way we have designed it's like the surf as you say you know. It though the look is fine but uh still I will give four in that case you know. Four yeah that Yeah. I will gi yeah. No. C can you get the batteries? No no the battery has fallen down, that's i Yeah. No no it's not that, it's how to close a battery. Okay? Now it should be. Is there another battery there? Oh yeah. No actually this is this is not going to protrude actually, it it's n i it is jus It's a led actually which which 'll be covering in a curve It's will be embedded there so it won't be really you know protruding or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No you it it not protruding actually, it will go in better into that Uh it's fine I think. My just that um the feel is that um you right now you you don't see the feel because right uh for example if you press it quite inside now like this, now it's embedded one. This is how embedded one will Yeah. It's a bas basically the same thing actually. You will be Except that in this c Yeah. And you might have a slight thing for to forward and Yeah, yeah. Yeah. looking like No but except for the design of the surf. You should be rea Uh no I think it's more of the feel. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Say about that. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, it gives it Yep. No, we ha Yeah, eight Euros yeah. Sixteen Euros. It's a two, I would say two. Yeah. Okay yeah. Uh He is used to it act They are used to it actually. Here there may Uh, though it has more functionality I think it shouldn't be for the user to learn it actually. It shouldn't be diffi Uh yeah, actually in fact I think it will be Yeah Yeah but y Well we have reduced the keys actually you see. Three is fine with me. Yeah it's a actually the user has to put some effort to do use that actually, it's not so easy, like this one the normal. Is quite easy yeah. Initially there there is a lot of effort, yeah. Mm. Oh no, this would I I would I would give this model to the old people actually. Yeah. And Oh yeah,. I Well I think Yeah. Uh yeah but but if you sell it in the market it's going to be cheap, actually. So And people can still decide to use the cheaper one instead of a Okay. Okay. So in that case well it's fine then. We can yeah. And the demographics of Yeah I think it's uh it has more market actually. Y yeah, you know two. Yeah two yeah. Because tomorrow this will be more appealing because you can add lot of sophistication on that. Because then you you have it uh d you have lot of things which you can include for the people to We have to practically test it. The field test will tell you how good. The trends. Mm-hmm. Yeah I know. Yeah. We we we we we yeah, it's the way they are going to be, actually. But why do you want to cover that actually? In that uh w in the mod Uh uh y are you sure? Yeah I think yeah it should be possible like what we do with the mobile phone, yeah. Yep. Yeah, it's one. Yeah, it says a One point six, one point One point eight yeah. Four point Uh four point two. Wow. Yeah. Yep. Maybe we ought to reconsider everything with this, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it migh It it'll need uh more than a conventional one, it won't be uh just maybe you might use a A_A_ battery actually. What do you say, Mael? Yeah. Curved. Double curved yeah right. It's uh Are you talking about this or that? Mm-hmm. Yeah. A special colour? Uh Ah good. Yeah, we might need a scroll wheel, right, for that? No, for that one also. Yeah that's a scroll. Yeah, one scroll wheel you might need. Uh Bad estimate, right? That is the sample sensor and sample speaker. We just need that actually. We need one. S Oh I i it I think it's going to be y y yeah it's th with the regular chip, yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. That'll be then we have uh have to ask the user to press it several times. Uh Or we could even replace them by buttons actually. A actually it depends, it depends what kind of functionalities you want to add into it, for example if you add two more functionalities then better you add two more buttons, or and you'll have L_C_D_ display which is that is going to bring the cost by two two Euros at least. Okay so we can get rid of it and then add a couple of buttons. I think but Yeah but the only thing is that what is the multiple functionalities you want to include with that. Yeah. W I I I just Yeah. That will create another problem. For the people to use it. It's not going to be easy. Doing that. No, it's okay, you uh cut the L_C_D_ screen and introduce two more buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's it. Cool.