Uh, I_D_ you want? Yeah. I only v have three slides, so. I just look at the mm um just this. On some web pages to find some documentation and I think a remote control is, as I s mentioned previously, you just have a a very simple chip and the mm the user interface is just done usually by push button and in our case we are using a um a wheel control. So uh uh I was looking basically for that chip, which is uh very very standard, and uh I just looked for the wheel sensor and the standard push button. And um yeah we can change directly. In fact I have the number of that element which is very standard for remote control. The push button are usually extremely cheap, but I just have one problem and this is related with the wheel sensor, which seems to be quite expensive. And I think we if we could just talk about that if we really need a wheel sensor or if we can not if if we could combine something with the push button. Uh a wheel sensor is fifty time the price of a a a push button. Yeah. Yeah I I th But I don't think that uh we should We should talk about uh the design of the box also which needs some money. But Um that's all yeah. I haven't chec Mm-hmm. Yeah but I think it's yeah Sorry, I haven't written my personal references. Um the I I just want to mention the the problem of the the r wheels sensor which is much more expensive than any push button, and if we could reduce that. We we have already some good things uh with um um with the backlight of the push button. Just to to make something which is uh slightly more design that uh a squarey box with a rubber Yeah. Actually. As soon as you thought to move the the remote control you have the light. Yeah. Again. I don't think that this is really expensive, but at the end this is plenty of unexpen eh very cheap devices but uh the bill starts to be First of all I was thinking to have a a continuous light and you w when t you you you you press the on button you have the light on your remote control, when you want to turn off your device Yeah, a little bit. A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. To s Mm-hmm. I support an apple. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. Ah it's okay. I know that they do that for alarm clock also. Yeah. Mm-hmm. What about um And for maybe look and feel, what about a a piece of ice, with blue L_E_D_ inside? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Banana I think, it's a nice idea. Because But You y you don't use the banana when the banana is curving like that, but when the banana is curving like that, with the wheel on the top and to control, and here you have a a push button to Yeah. And everybody knows what is a banana. Basically. If you if you start with uh fancy fruits and fra s and tha Oh, yeah So So we will just use a a standard battery? And uh the chip we chip imprint we know exactly which one we are going to use. Uh what do you mean by case? Yeah. Uh I mean for me if we use a a spongy banana case, doesn't matter. I just want to have so something to prin to to fix my my components onto that box, and that's it. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Spongy also. Oh no I think it's possible. Yeah. Yeah. This is uh like the Mm-hmm. Wheel on the top. Button, where do we want some buttons? Yeah. Yep. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Thank you.