Uh almost. Ready. I'm uh Michael. I'm the user interface designer. Ah well if no one else wants to, yeah. Okay so, want me to draw my favourite animal. Let's see. Well, I don't really have a favourite animal, but um uh I think I have one in mind, so uh I'm gonna about the uh spider because you can actually draw it pretty well in the corner of a white board. The spider has a spider lives in a web and uh it has eight legs, and uh it can move all about the web in two dimensions. Unless it's a three dimensional web which y they have sometimes. There are some spiders that live in like that have like uh kind of a a big ball of a of a web. And uh the other thing is some spiders can actually uh fly like uh they have uh they let out like uh a stream of like the web building material but it's it acts like a parachute so they can actually kind of go and find new uh build a new web somewhere else. So I think they did this in uh in Charlotte's Web that movie that little uh well it's actually a book first but uh um at the end all the the spiders kinda flew away. So, that's my animal. Maybe it's happy 'cause it just ate someone. So you don't like pink panthers? So is this uh an Indian or an African elephant, 'cause you haven't drawn the ears? Okay. We can discuss that off-line. So could I just ask one question, um is this a stand-alone unit that we're gonna be selling? So it's gonna be you already have a T_V_ but you're buying an extra remote control for it or something? Okay, alright. Okay well, so, it seems the the first thing that they've kinda specified is the price like based on how much profit we wanna make, which seems to a kind of a little strange if we don't know what the the product is yet, but I guess if that's if that's the requirement that we need to to design the the product to actually fit that that price bracket so, I guess we're gonna need to find out what's actually you know, what people ar are willing to pay for um what kind of product they're expecting for twenty-five Euro because it seems quite a lot for a remote control, so it's Yeah. Okay. Alright.