Uh. Mm I was thinking of the Mando. Mando. A_N_ yeah D_O. It doesn't it doesn't sound cool for me, but maybe for a Spanish for I for Control. But mm, yeah. Mando sounds Latino. But yeah it uh Yeah because if the product will be international Maybe maybe I should uh start. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Should be in participant four. Yeah, yeah. Uh. Okay so yeah I will I will give a brief outline about what I what I prepared for this meeting. For the functional requirements and especially for the for the user requirements. I prepare a marketing report and we have to find the weaknesses and and the the improvements we could do to the current remote controls. And also I di I did a study with for the incorporation of new technologies it seems that the remote controls have been have remained the same for the last five, ten years. There is no no significant difference between the the b the first new controls and Yeah. Yeah. Well more most of the people think that remote controls are ugly, thoroughly. So and they they admit that the the they should uh s they would uh spend more money in a fancier remote control, which is which is good and it's interesting point. Also the people are worried about about the R_S_I_ disease, which is if you repeat the sa the same movement, which is not a with a not very appropriate device, you you will have problems whe when you will get old. So s people are uh are worried about the the shape of the of the remote control. They are also they get angry very often because they lost the remote control very often, so I think it would be a good point to to l to to find a a solution to any beep any alarm or something incorporated to with the remote control every time it it get lost. And also I found that young people the the younger people are the more interested they are in incorporating new technologies in the in the remote control. So in my opinion the Mando this Mando shouldn't be very small because the smaller it is, the more like the the liklier it is to get lost. Liklier or more likely? likely. Okay. Uh people also complain because they they they all have the same size of the buttons for buttons who w which are not very use like f uh memorising channels or or this kind of actions which are not very often but they they shouldn't they shouldn't have the same importance in the in the uh in the remote cont in the remote control. Also the z the design should fit the hand shape. So it may be interesting to to think in a in both prototypes, for right and left handed people. Yeah. I dunno I th Anyway I think it could be int interesting to to release some a a small fraction of of this remote controls. Sorry? Yeah. Yeah. Sorry? Yeah. Like uh Yeah, like No no I was thinking of so like something yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. It sh it shouldn't it shouldn't be symmetric symmetrical. Not anymore. That's what yeah. And finally, the incorporation of a L_C_D_ or a speech recognition system in the remote control could also be interesting, but I don't know if the budget would be large enough. But most of yeah most of the young people to thirty to thirty years old were really interested in this kind of technology. Actually this marketing report is restricted to T_V_ remote controls. Yeah but you should be able to activate or disactivate, so yeah yeah. Yeah uh channel fifty. Yeah. H I think I think that the tr the transition to this to this new remote control shouldn't be very very abrupt very hard because w if people see a remo see the see a remote control without numbers mm they will think it's very difficult to learn very difficult to very different build very different to the traditional If y I'm sure if you can sell a a speech recognition remote control for twenty five Euros everyo everyone will s will buy it. I'm sure. Yeah but you know the the average frequency of pushing buttons, it's about it's about eighty eighty eighty pushes per hour, or something like that. With a good shape for the Yeah. Uh What would be Wha but what would be one question, what would be the goal of putting an L_C_D_ in a remote control? What what kind of information? Yeah but mo most of the T_V_s nowadays show the show the the n Yeah but yeah most of the T_V_s have teletext nowadays. Yeah. So what would what would appear in the in the L_C_D_? Okay. But Yeah. I think that the speech recognition technology would be cheaper the than the L_C_D_. Because with the L_C_D_ you need more requirements. You need a internet connection. You need m more things. But for the speech recognition you you don't need anything. You just say channel fifty, and that's it. But then we should move to another target b because at twenty five Dollars, it's To move to another target? the expert uh said ninety five percent.