Mm. Yeah. S okay so I'll show you the the two prototypes. Here we have the first one with the beautiful uh L_C_D_ um display. You you can s here. And you can uh just um browse into the the navigation menu by uh joystick joystick-like uh button. You can uh choose the direction and if you just push on it it's considered like a enter function. You have on the mm on the side here the microphone for the for the speech recognition system here. And here the the switch that control if you want Well I I I think uh it's the Yeah but Yeah. Well so it's a microphone array. No it's just a single microphone, and you I I think uh we we put it here because I think when you when you are browsing your L_C_D_ you will be close to well it's better to to to place it here th than here, for instance. And here is a little switch that control if you want the the speaker uh recognition system to um to be on or off. And uh so this remote control comes up with its charger. Well this this prototype is um made for about uh well fi fi fifteen fifteen dollars fifteen dollars, but uh well it's not it's not uh yeah, but uh it's just a prototype and if we uh if we optimises the um the uh voila. Yeah the and the the production costs we we can achieve uh about ten dollars. How many, excuse me? Well uh f battery, we use uh about uh Yeah. Rechargeable of course, because we have the charger. Yeah and you just On uh yeah one battery. The excuse me? Oh yeah it's just a r uh simple battery a rechargeable uh if you uh like it's exist. Yeah. So and if you want to charge the battery you just put the remote control like that to plug in the the charger and uh leave it uh alone, it's alright. Then the next time you pick it, oh it works. Yeah just explain the button uh Norman. Yep. Yeah it's So we have the the second version also with the different uh button configuration. The second version is also simpler, we d uh we had just uh I have to put the microphone also. So basically th it's the same uh yeah. Basically it's the same uh things uh uh as uh I presented before. But here we have uh we have uh four buttons for navigation. Press one button uh acting as a a enter button. So um yeah according to what you said it's more robust to the user. And uh it's also cheaper to produce. We can produce uh such remote control for about uh four dollars. Yeah it's it's it's embed in the uh speech recognition system. So so Norman will explain to you. Yeah yeah of course mm. Thank thank you. And so mm-hmm. Alright please uh go on Norman with the special features. You also have the the the two other modules for the parental control that that you ca you can add up to the to your remote control i i if you uh if you want to to have more more power on what you do, and uh which channel you want to choose and so on. H here is just the the the module for the kids and th if the parents want to watch T_V_, up they come up with their modules, they just plug in it and they can have all the control they want here. We also have this module for uh old people with big buttons, clearly labelled, and it acts like the previous one, you just plug in and it works. The titanium and so it's very uh Well so the price to produce For uh the simplest one, say we start from four dollars to produce such a device. Uh it's about it The without without the charger it's about uh well two dollars to produce uh the microphone and speech recognition systems. Two dollars for the uh for the add-on modules, and finally three dollars for the charger. So if you uh sum up uh everything wi with the L_C_D_, which costs two dollar, you have two plus four plus four plus two plus two. It's about so the total cost if you if you want all the fuct functionalities will be about uh fifteen dollars. But it's just if you want all functionalities. Excuse me? Yeah. Well I think that the technical in innovation is is in the product itself since we haven't yet a remote who are allowing to to choose interactively with the T_V_ screen uh uh with just four buttons. Okay. A sponge. Hmm. Yeah. Well it doesn't look much fancy I'll I'll say three or four. Yeah. It's it it Technical aspects. Yeah a three. Uh four. I think it's it's uh more easy to make f fancy things when it's not complicated so removing the L_C_D_ um gives us a li more liberty to to have a fancy look. Well it's it's the same for both so I will give a five, six. Well five also uh Norman please. With lot of functionalities. Mm for both it's the the same innovations. six, let's go for six. Yeah. Talk about Yeah but you have the same programme on the T_V_ screen. If you have the L_C_D_, but if n Yeah. Yeah. Well I think both are really easy to use because there are few button buttons, and uh well t p the menu are clear, well-organised, so Well with little knowing of the technology you can you can easily use the product so I will give a six for the easy to use. Yeah, it's cheaper to produce. And uh if the the well if we have less technology we have more liberty to uh for the shape and uh things like that so Yep. Yeah. Six. Um six. Yes as you say, with better uh yeah. And to improve the the look. Yes and to give us more liberty to have a fancy look so so let's go back to our laboratory and Yeah. It's optional yeah, since well according to this study uh people more likes more to have a spongy uh remote control than Yeah. Well it's about the same because if Well you can if you had uh something li Oh no, because if you if you add uh something well yeah maybe because it's three different pieces uh to to to build but Yeah yeah yeah it's I think it's cheaper if you if you already built the all the functionalities um on the same module, but uh Yeah. Yeah. Well so Yeah yeah I think we are yeah but we are also the um well the components will have to change because uh we have to deal with the shape and um but I don't think it will uh increase the cost too much so Uh well but it's a bit complicated to if if if you need machines to different machines to um ah well Yeah yeah we can have the same global shape and then uh add on skins and with with this uh tex spongy texture uh things like that. Sponge. Okay. So we finished the prototype uh presentation if you have uh something else to say. That was good. Yeah. Fine yes uh. Very democratic. Thank you. Alright. Come up with new product. Yeah and also more well uh more seriously I think it's it's a good idea to have uh clear clear points whenever we do a meeting uh prior to the meeting to have uh well a list with the points who will be discussed or things like that, but I think it's alright. We achieved uh project goal I think. It's w yes, more or less. Yeah but Alright. So. So uh coffee machine. Okay.