Afternoon guys. It's gonna be. Oh. 'Kay. We may do. I dunno, I'm feeling like a big boy. 'Kay, ready to go? 'Kay so we've got our conceptual design meeting. Hopefully we've all got exciting ideas now. Uh k exciting ideas. 'Kay so here's our agenda our agenda. Um I'm gonna open. I'm gonna talk for a bit about what we're gonna do. I'm gonna take some notes. We're gonna all do a presentation, and then hopefully we're gonna make some decisions now. Yep. Well when I say hopefully, we have to. So I'm gonna let you guys talk before we make decisions. And does anyone really want to go first? You p two? What's Components design. Your name is name? Huh hi name. Right. We've all broke a remote control ri um s yeah. You press this and it does th I dunno who and whatnot. 'Kay. Okay. 'Kay. Mm 'kay. Okay so we basically have battery versus cradle here? Okay. So we have battery versus cradle It's actually a novel thing because you could sell it a as a novelty, just to be actually serious for a minute here, you could Mm. Hmm. Wood wood would ge would give us a little bit of a marketing niche, wouldn't it. Nah. Okay. Hmm. Okay. 'Kay. Do you get a good grip on the rubber? Yeah okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think it might mean something like that sorta shape because a double curve rather than a yeah that's what. Okay. D do we have actually any concept of what the difference is between a simple chip and an advanced chip? Okay. Okay. Yeah that makes sense. So presentation from I guess design would go best. Next. Technical functions or interface concept? Yeah that's it. Yes, but it has your name on it. But what if you actually had to press a button to make it recognize? So if you pressed it and went, up? Man yeah. But if it's just one thing with a button that you can just go Up. Yeah, okay. Okay. You guys know your stuff. Mm. So we're suggesting doing a sorta scroll wheel thing for the volume? Nah. Oh okay okay. I see. Uh, okay. Okay. 'Kay. So on to Y functional requirements or trend watching? forty six nineteen fifty seven. Yep. Mm. Upper management said yes. Uh e excuse that, that's a bit of spam. It's cool. I'd I'd say though that we if we did make the decision to go with the cradle though, the then we have that as well, but wi with a similar Mm. Course. Yeah 'cause that's. Mm. Mm 'kay. So now So our big questions here really are cradle or not cradle? Do we go basic or do we go for features? Uh d does anyone really wanna do anything with the scroll wheel or should we ditch that off-hand first? Oh but that was in your presentation so wh what would you imagine it doing? Mm 'kay. Yeah. What I understand about scroll wheels is they're they're quite expensive to to make. So I d Well I d I like the idea of basically focusing the my personal preference is focusing the p the product on the idea of the uh the case the the uh dock to put it in to to charge it. We can target like environmentally friendly ideas, that sorta things. It s i m makes it easy to market, it's easy to differentiate the product, yeah so. And if we we keep the rest in a format that is durable because th th the whole product's gonna need to be more durable th thus because you're not going to be ditching it as often. It's gonna need to be more expensive because of the cradle. So if we can market it in terms of that and yeah well So our big decision then is like how do we do um like we have to decide on the details and we have to decide on well n not exactly the details, but d do we have uh What type of casing? I personally like what you were saying about the plastic with the rubber. Okay. Just a very thin sorta sheet for a a grip, sorta thing or for Okay. So then if we d d do we want to do anything more basic with the uh more advanced with the user interface in terms of do we want to go for um buttons, or do we want if we're ditching the scroll wheels do we want to go L_C_D_? Do we want to give do we want to have anything else on it? Okay. Okay so the question is now I guess we need t to decide on well y you guys basically have to now go and figure out the details of this thing. So, what we need to know in terms of marketing and uh project management are are there any other questions that we need to answer now before you guys can go and build this? What what overall things have we not decided on? I think maybe in terms of marketing, is that gonna make enough of a difference to justify the cost? Yeah and I guess th th the question th th that you're being asked right now is whether is the dock enough of a unique feature to be able to go out and sell that a a as a a very different product, or do we really need the scroll wheel as well? Because the scroll wheel comes at quite a cost. That's gonna n is that gonna need a better chip as well? And it's presumably gonna need a little speaker in it or something like that as well to beep. But I guess a little tiny speaker is gonna be quite cheap, it's not gonna need q quality, is it? It's Makes your living room more fresh as you watch. Okay we're doing well for time here. Um we've got about another ten minutes. I think that uh Mm pr my personal preference is out. I don't think the cost is justified for a little bit more uniqueness when we already have that, and I don't s think it's obvious and natural how it would be used. Mm. But then that that surely d depends a little on the T_V_ because some T_V_s are quite slow at changing channels from like so if you've got a scroll wheel and you s you have to scroll scroll it really really slowly just so that you're actually keeping in pace with the T_V_'s ability to to change channels. Or do you have to go through and you wait for it? You scroll it a bunch of times and you wait for it to Mm. Uh I see I see. That's where you Ah I see I see what you're talking about now. Okay. Yeah if you're just sitting there going That's kinda cool actually. I like that. Well not n necessarily. You could basically make it so that it'll I mean it's just gonna be sending a signal to the T_V_ yeah the T_V_'s ge so if you send about five flip channels, if you did that it's gonna flip once. If you do that. Other than click click click. Yeah. And if we're marketing it as a high niche product, then we're gonna be selling it to people who are buying good T_V_s as well, yeah, presumably. Primarily. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh I see so if maybe if we had an L_C_D_ up the top that just did a number on it, right? And then it that basically Mm. Well that's quite cool. You'd need a display on the th the thing. Oh yeah yeah no I see what you're talking about. Yeah that's kinda cool. How would you program it though? Okay okay. Okay and yeah and that just basically flips between it and it'll go it sends out zero, five, and then thirty six, and then zero, one again. Yeah that's kinda cool. I like that. That's not gonna be too expensive because that's gonna be you're gonna be able to nab that off of computer mouse manufacturers really. You could basically come up with a partnership to be able to produce that quite cheaply. Might be, but tha that's not gonna be such a costly feature. The problem we're gonna have is making it robust. Making it last. So if there's a button for each type. Yeah people are gonna have their favourite sorta, whether they do that or whether they Yeah yeah the mode switch. Just the lights behind the buttons. You could have back-lit buttons maybe. Would that work? Is that okay we have five minutes. So right details th that we've talked about here are that we want a scroll wheel. We want a mode indicator. We want back-lit buttons. And if we're making back-lit buttons period, do we want that just for the mode indicator or maybe to indicate what button you're pressing at the time, so that you know if it's actually pressed or not. I've seen some remotes do that. I think we are yeah. Yeah well we don't have it's not that we have more money, we can push up the the price. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. So we really need to be sure as to what we can push the cost up to, though we haven't got to a stage where we're ready to pin down the price of components. But I'd say what sorta price are we looking to be able to sell something like that, and what sorta price can we make it for? Yeah no I I think that's where we really should be more flexible than anything else because as we said in the last meeting, our management is really looking for us to push our brand. We're entering a new market here, so I think the the profit expectation for this one product is maybe not as important as being able to But th what's our ballpark as to what we'd be able to sell something like this for? But you've gotta think who our target market is because I I'm not our target market. I'm a student, but on the other hand I would think, mm with my Project Manager salary, I would think yeah I could probably afford this uh would I buy it? Maybe. If I had a cool new T_V_ and this was r looking really slick and it had the dock and it had the scroll wheel, which I think's a really cool idea, that would sell me on it a little. Then maybe you know. I do I don't think I'd go over a hundred Euro certainly, that would be way too much, but the I would be happy paying over forty for it, I guess, but not much 'Kay. Thirty five to fifty Euros is our sales bracket okay. So the question is what we ca we make it for. Mm. That's why the scroll needs to be really robust. Yep. Okay. The next meeting starts in thirty minutes, although does it? It starts at three twenty one, the next meeting. So we've got more than a thirty minutes. Um we've got more like fifty. The the ne next meeting is three twenty one yeah. Yeah that is. Uh they've they've changed the times from the presentations. Okay so you guys will be getting your modelling done now and uh Okay are there any other questions with regards to what this thing's gonna do, look like, how it's gonna work that need to be addressed before we really look at this in a lot of detail? Okay. Okay. This one was quite easy. Always the optimist. 'Kay thanks guys.