Hello. I s No, no, you you can start. Yeah. The second one. Could you please show the presentation number three. Yeah. Three. Yes. Just Could you please check if it is the first one or the second. Uh, n n no, it's the first one. The second one. Uh yeah. Okay. Okay. So I am going to talk about a little bit about how this remote control should be appear to be more easy to use. I think uh I think the feature easy to use is more important than being fancy, but okay, we can discuss about it uh later. Um generally, generally uh this remote control uh uh should be should be something, in my opinion, uh the first feature is just to be easy to use. So, the more frequent buttons should be larger, they should be placed in a good position uh uh inside the remote control. And uh s uh I can conclude like this, that we shouldn't need to learn how to use it. It should be we shouldn't need to es open a a t book and uh start reading and uh learning how to use this uh this uh remote control. Okay. So what I found out that uh as I said uh I think it's better to put uh more frequent uh uh uh ke uh buttons which are used more in the middle of the remote control, and they should be bigger in size. Uh the shape of remote control should be in a way which can which should be taken easily in hand. It should not be completely like uh a cube. It should be it should have round edge, so uh then it's easier. And maybe uh just like some toys, some joystick which is easier to take inside the hand. And uh also f uh uh m because because customers doesn't like to buy lots of battery, it should not uh consume lots of energy. Okay. And my personal p uh preference is uh, as I said, uh just putting this buttons in a special places and covered some buttons which are not used uh that much like settings button, like mobile phone. Usually some mobile phone cover the dialling number part, so we can cover these buttons which are not used or uh number buttons for the for the for the can channels, and just put uh volume change or s ch can uh channel change buttons uh uh in the remote control. And if the user needed to do some more complex task uh he he can open the cover and then change settings or something like this. Uh. And also uh I think if we put some some some some some buttons inside of the remote control it can be used easier. Not on remote control. I dunno if I can explain well. But uh just inside. For example, a sliding or rolling uh uh d uh stuff, if we put it inside then we can easily manipulate with uh thumb. So it can be another uh preference. And uh I dunno but uh I think usage of a speech recogn uh r recogniser can be good. I know that it consumes lots of energy, but if we do it in some way that it asleeps when there is no sound and when it detects some sound it may consume less energy. And I think it's good because it's something new and usually young people like something new. So it may not be very useful but because it's new, people may buy it. Uh I personally think there should be a big difference between uh between something. Otherwise they prefer to buy something which is coming from a famous company, or. Okay. That's mine. Mm-hmm. Well maybe it can have two shells, a hard shell inside and a spongy shell outside. Yeah yes. Mm. Uh. Yes. Maybe this. So but Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Mm. I think I think their being uh large or small is not important. The only important thing is to be able to take it in uh inside hand easily. So let's say an average size, okay, and it should not be very heavy also. And I prefer to is it shouldn't have a uniform shape, so in the middle it should be a little bit thinner, maybe maybe. So we c it's like like some joysticks. You can take uh some some joystick you can take inside hand easier because it's it's designed for your f uh taking into account your finger shape and your palm shape. So the general shape should be like this. I think uh seven centimetre by seven centimetre is a little bit large. So uh seven not seven but let's say five by ten it's I think it's that's my opinion. It's easier. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Or uh or I don't know but I don't want to now invent something new, because we didn't discuss about it. So using some L_C_D_s we can touch, so we can remove uh keys and just uh having uh, I dunno the name, L_C_D_ responding to fingers. Touching the screen. Something like Mm like tactile. So But for now if we don't want to use such kind of screens I I think we using a a smaller screen is better, because A smaller s Okay. I think this is not good. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yeah, I think infra-red. Yeah, peeling of the banana. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, some Something like a plastic cover covering uh some interface, U_S_B_ interface as in the in uh digital camera. If you see it's like peeling. You open a plastic cover and you see some U_S_B_ interfaces, some some interfaces for adaptor. So keys can be uh buttons can be covered like this, with a plastic cover and uh when uh and when you open this cover it's like peeling a banana. So, something like this. Yeah, yeah, yeah it's a lic like a plastic cover, so. Mm-hmm. Yes, yeah it's a good idea. Magnetic. Mm. Yeah or a Yeah it can is it can be a plastic cover uh sticking to the to the all the stuff like uh with magnetic p uh magnetic uh magnetic uh materials in the border, so it's it sticks like refrigerator door, completely. And when you try to open it, it will be opened easily. So you you can be sure that it will not be open while you're uh while while uh you are commonly using uh buttons on the banana. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yes, I think. I think so. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Thank you.