Right first time this time. Nu There we go. It's not that complicated, but I get it wrong every time. For Matthew, yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. I have a presentation, I'm just making this Okay I'll just email you this file, my presentation. Mm-hmm I'm just emailing it to you. Okay it should've gone through to you. Mm-hmm. Okay so this is just a presentation on uh the trends that we're gonna use to make the product stand out from the rest of the products out there at the moment. Um can I just put this on? So we have to work out a way what we can do with our product to make it stand out and make it so people wanna buy it. Um. This is to do this I will not remove my microphone. We basically used um some focus group surveys which I went through with you last time, the main results of that, and um some research on the current design um and fashion trends that are out there at the moment um, and as part of this The important aspects that came out were things that we've already discussed really. The most important by far was the look and feel of it. It needs to be something that's very different from everything else out there. It needs to stand out. It needs to be not functional like the rest of the things out there at the moment. Most people find remote controls boring at the moment, we need to have something that looks interesting, that looks exciting, that will stand out. People will wanna buy it. Um That was twice as i important as the next item on here which is that it has to be technologically innovative has to have something else, apart from just the look of it. People have to then think about it and say got something there that I want. That's a really cool feature, and it has to make them wanna buy it again. Third on the list, and again innovative was twice as important as this last um aspect, it has to be easy to use. So they have to be able to be able to look at it and have some intuitive idea of how to use it um. Drawing on the fashion trends at the moment, uh fruit and vegetables um. This is basically talking about just the the feel of it, so probably not the smell of it, but the bright colours, um eye-catching, really bold designs, and a spongy feel. Um I had a talk to the design people about this, but having a remote that's tactile, that feels different, that would be really cool. That would make it stand out. Um. Well ma make it not necessar sp spongy is the current thing. Spongy is the current texture, but basically there are no reports no remotes at the moment which are spongy or tactile at all, so if we make it like maybe furry or soft or something, that'll be something that sets it apart, rather than just bare plastic which they all are at the moment. So as far as the design goes, the very most important aspect was the design, to the customers. So going with the fruit and vegetable idea, we've got the bright colours, so makes it stand out, the oranges and the the bright yellows and the florescent colours, part of the fruit and vegetables um. Going back to the idea of taking inspiration from mobile phones, they've all got those a lot of them have the changeable covers, so they can choose what colour the outside is. That's one way of looking at it um. Textured feel we just talked about. Maybe it's another way of doing that. So if it's part of the the changeable covers then may maybe they can choose a different texture, a spongy one or a soft one or something like that. So they can choose it li as they want to to maybe to fit in with their decor in their living room, or just what they like, their sports team or whatever. Um and yeah, still taking the inspiration from the mobile phone design so functionality, the way the mobile phones work, the way the keypad looks. Also just the way that a lot of industrial design is going into mobile phones at the moment. They're big selling items. People put a lot of thought into that so we can leverage off that, and we can start using some of their ideas. Um back to technological in in innovation, not quite as important, but still a big issue. Um we talked about having a way of finding a remote control if it's been lost, uh that's one thing we could look at. There are other aspects like L_C_D_ screens and speech recognition which weren't I don't think, in my personal opinion, gonna be worth the extra expense and the extra effort that will go into them. I think we're better doing something basic like this which is very important and very will be a really cool feature to put in. And use. I had no real specific ideas for this, maybe we just, the basic idea of having your core functions big and at the top maybe, by themselves, and then yeah and then th th the finer details of buttons you don't use as much either hidden away or completely separate. Yep and that's the presentation. So does anyone have any comments or ideas on that? I think you Hmm. Well we're selling so many units of this. This is gonna be a mass marketed product, we can afford to have two or three different designs at least. Mm mm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. I like the idea though of having speech recognition for like the n the name of a channel like B_B_C_, rather than having to remember the the number of it on the keypad. That's a good idea. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Yeah I really like that idea. Mm-hmm. Mm. Maybe ten channels, yeah at the most. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm b But a coffee machine, there's not too many words they'd be using with that it's a it's a small vocabulary. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Two thirty five supposed to finish. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. I think you can do it both ways. You can have it so it's easy they can pick it up and use it straight away without doing anythi without customizing it, or if they want to they have the option of using these extra features. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. I like the idea too of being able to use the remote in the dark, so either having the buttons so you can feel the difference between them or if they if they light up or something. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm just have a yeah Just the veneer on it, yeah. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Well maybe we need specific costings then. Actually do maybe two designs and then cost them out and see which one is gonna fit in our budget better. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Mm yeah sure. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. So is there any of these that you're looking at particularly or is this just ideas? Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm yeah. You see? Yeah. Mm well one I've had before, a r r remote control we have at home is one that's actually got a cover on the bottom so the bottom bit is just, covers half the keys most of the time, and then you can slide the cover back to get to the the more advanced keys. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Um yeah I've seen that before too. Anoth another like b it flips up and then you've got another layer of buttons underneath. Mm. But I've seen also with keys and buttons on the top of here as well. I like this one. I like the shape of this one. Can we have can we think about maybe having a a non-recta non non-rectangular one, so with not just the straight little box that's a maybe curved or something. Mm mm 'kay. Is this for the next meeting though? I think we might be out of time out of time for this meeting. Yep. No. So is this is there anything else I need to do from a marketing point of view for the next meeting? Mm. Okay well is this me designing a way to evaluate it so Thinking about how to set up test groups and things? Mm. Okay. Yep. Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Thanks guys.