Yep. Yes. Mm. Uh the Powerstick. Maybe a Spanish name would work well. Especially if we're selling into the U_S_ market becasue there's a lot of Spanish speakers there. Maybe something that sounds cool in English but sounds funny in Spanish. Mando. What is that? What does it mean in Spanish? Control. Okay. 'Cause it also like in English it sounds like you know the man's tool you know because you know men like to have control of the remote so it might The Mando. Yeah that's. And we could have some like you d you could have the fonts you know special, so you have man in like in in uh in one o in one font and then the O_ as like Although you don't wanna cut uh cut women out of the uh potential buyers though, do you? So Yeah. Marketing. Well that's the thing. We need to know who we're selling it to before we can really decide on a Um. Yeah. More likely. Well th the on the thing is though, most remote controls are used by more than one person. So unless you're kind of targeting single people you know you're gonna maybe cut out some a lot of your market. Still shaped for yeah for your hand but not for a particular hand, right? Well it can still be a, you can still extend past the hand. Uh. Well it means like, this remote here is kind of is very thin and long so instead of having you know you might have it kind of a bit bigger or, you know, with maybe some some finger molds or something. Some finger grips maybe. You could even have some buttons like you know on the sides and everything, but Yeah. Yeah. No. I was still uh I was still working on this uh twenty five Euro price point because I think actually having looked at some of the remotes out there, this is quite a low uh price if if we're maybe I can get to this in my presentation though, but um yeah. Yep. Okay. Yeah. I think even even if it was within budget do a speech reco rec system it might be a bit difficult because if you think if you're watching T_V_ you're gonna have a lot of this uh background noise from the T_V_ which might interfere with the Uh participant three. You might have some background noise from the T_V_ which will make the speech recognition much uh harder, so. Oh you press a press a button to talk, and the the T_V_ the T_V_ sound turns off. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay, so, could I describe the mouse maybe be easier to could I use the mouse, or Mm. Thanks. Okay. Great. Okay so um while uh researching this this topic I first of all just thought of a couple of things that I would like to see in a remote, and just uh looked to see if they're actually available in any current remotes, and then also searched for which are the top-rated uh remote controls on Epinions dot com, which is a a you know a a customer um written basically review site. So um there's a pretty wide range of uh remote controls these days and and uh this remote control on the right here is is one of the more extravagant, but it's not really it's by no means uh mm you know on it's own in being so expensive. There are a lot of expensive remote controls out there. So yeah it doe it's well basically all the functions uh are controlled through through the L_C_D_ screen except for the really really kind of main functions, which have a couple of of their own buttons. Um and if you look at a lot of the universal remotes out um on the market, I know we're working on television remote, but a lot of the universal remotes out there have uh have these L_C_D_ screens which kind of helps when you're using multiple uh devices I suppose because you can have multiple kind of functions d different functions on the screen at different times. But um the thing that I find most interesting about this remote control, and it's kind of difficult to uh to see in the slide, but it has a scroll wheel on it, which is kind of like uh a mouse scroll wheel, which I think is it's a really kind of important design aspect um is it's 'Cause the thing is what a what we the presen this presentation we had is what we want the remote control to actually do. And obviously the the simplest thing that a remote control does is it just change the change the channel. Now um uh the I think that a scroll wheel is actually pretty a pretty handy way of of changing the channel. 'Cause I know when I um when I use the remote to change the channel I very rarely use the numbers on the on the pad. I usually use the up and down because most channels are you know two digit numbers and you have to press you know a special button to enter a two-digit number, and then two numbers, so that's just uh it's annoying. So I think a scroll wheel is is quite handy. Now um the the scroll wheel is is much more useful if you have an L_C_D_ screen, and this brings us to the the point you were mentioning before about the internet uh capability. One possibility, if we now we need to still talk about the price point because obviously a lot of this stuff can't be done for twenty five Eu uh Euro, but one possibility is to download program information into the L_C_D_ screen so that instead of actually saying I want to I want to go to channel thirty seven because I know this programme's on, you know, often you don't know what ch what channel it's on, or you don't know what's on. If you have a list of of programs on your L_C_D_ screen you just scroll to that program rather than to a channel. So if you think about it's kind of like a you know in mobile phones now you don't use you don't remember people's phone number, you remember their name and you go find that name and ring it. So this would be pretty kind of a handy thing to have, but um we we really need t to discuss the price. So, I mean there are there are uh cheaper this is another multi kinda purpose remote control where it's it's it's very simple, there's only a few buttons, but al each of those buttons does something different in a different context. So this is something else we might wanna consider, is really kind of limiting the number of buttons, because this is the top rating uh universal remote control on on Epinions. It it's really uh maybe worth thinking about limiting the number of buttons as much as as possible um because really I think people want to be able to find the button they're looking for without even looking at the remote control. And was saying before about having different size buttons for different you know frequently used uh tasks, but I think also you know the location and and shape of the buttons is important, but also the number of buttons. So if you have too many buttons it it it increases the the difficulty of finding the one you want. So Yeah well we w Yeah well we will have a bit of a simpler uh task in that we're only doing uh a television remote control. Um I think maybe one option is to have you know a little flip-open um door that uh that you have hidden most of the time, but contains the extra buttons like, say, the number buttons for instance. Um I I would if I had my perfect remote control, I'd probably just have no numbers at all on it because they're just in the way. They don't really do anything. Maybe you know I although I do also find flip-open doors a bit of a pain because sometimes they can break off or or whatever, but maybe a door that you can you can permanantly remove or permanantly have on would be good. Um but I think definitely you need to to keep the buttons down to a minimum, but not not let that kind of interfere with the functionality of of the device. Um Well I guess that depends on how you market it. If you if you have the right advertisement showing how how how easy it is and how you can, you know, navigate to a program without the numbers, then people might say that looks pretty easy. So, but yep. Um okay, so, I think um one of the really kind of useful things you can do with with internet connectivity would be to have this a programme driven interface rather than the channel number. So if we can have a higher priced uh remote control I think that would really be worth uh something that would be worth implementing. Um mm there's the L_C_D_ screen, um which maybe maybe is too expensive, um but I think also at the scroll wheel, I haven't mentioned it here, the scroll wheel could be used without an L_C_D_ screen, just for changing channel numbers easily. I think even that, I mean, that would be a fairly cheap thing, compared to an L_C_D_ screen, to implement, um but I think that would be quite useful as well. And the other thing, you say we need to we need to keep it just television, but I think one maybe one option, since this is supposed to be a kind of a fashionable device, is you know there's a certain kind of cool or wow factor that you can kind of you can have with technology, and maybe we wanna make it something that's extensible to do other tasks. Say you have like um a little another little kind of base unit that can also receive signals as well as the television where you can, say uh, change the lighting in the room. You know that would be something maybe you could sell as an extra, so that it doesn't have to be part of the initial development, but, you know, later on you could you can you know you also, selling the potential of the device. Then you say potentially you can then do other cool stuff like change the lights, I dunno, close the windows, whatever, turn the heating on, and um, I think that's something we may need to have as as at least as an optional extra to to kinda make our product cool, since we say we're putting the fashion in electronics. Hmm. Well one one other thing that that speech recognition could really blow out the price for is uh when you want to sell into other markets, though, because, I'm not sure exactly where we're gonna sell this, but I presume it's not gonna just be English speaking countries. So then you have to s you know, you have to train models for Yeah. You know I guess you could actually train the remote control as you're using it by saying you know turn volume up, and you press the uh press the button like uh s people teach sign language to kids f well, by speaking and doing Yeah. Actually I'm not so sure because I'm the you know if I was using a remote control to, say, turn the volume up because I can't hear it very well, I don't really want to you know drown out what people are saying by talking you know when I'm when I'm instead of pressing up on on a remote control. You know if there's some there's some dialogue all of a sudden that I can't hear, I'm trying to actually find out what's being said, so maybe speech recognition gets in the way more than it helps. Well it depends if it's a remote control th Maybe if the remote control is something that y you don't actually have to pick up anymore, that would be a a useful feature of the speech recogntion. If you can leave it sitting on the table and you don't actually have to find it, then that could be. Well it depends though well it depends. If we we don't unless we have some input some video input to the T_V_ or we have control over the T_V_ then we can't actually display that. Like if we if we produce the T_V_s then then yeah we can put you know menus up up there, but otherwise we need to actually have some kind of something sitting in between the video signal and the and the T_V_ to superimpose those those menus. So that's an extra cost. Well this is this is another que we still haven't really defined the remote. Are we still you say we're focusing on T_V_, but is it still a kind of like a universal remote in that it's a replacement remote control, or is this something for our own line of of televisions? 'Cause that really makes a big difference. 'Cause even if we have contacts we can't really produce a remote control that can bring up menus on other other companies' T_V_s. It's just there are too many T_V_s out there. It's it's not really gonna For twenty five Euro? I think it's impossible. But but I dunno, I think um it would be good to know if there is any leverage in that any leeway in that um that twenty five Euro because for twenty five Euro I think all we can really do is provide a very basic remote control, and that seems to be kind of against the philosophy of our company which is you know putting the fashion into electronics. So I would I would like to know if there's any chance of of increasing the uh of increasing the unit price. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah because yeah. Well th 'Cause you can have things like the programme name instead of the channel numbers, like an interactive programme guide. You can get a lot more information on it. So you could have the name of the programme, you could have um the start time you know where it's up to. You could have a l even a little image of you know the c you know the the m the main actors or something so you can quickly just kind of even without reading Well no, but there are the electronic programme guides out there. They may not have pictures, but maybe they do. There's dependi it also depends on the country. No but I mean with the internet you have flexibility of where you get your information from. So it may be possible that there are people out there providing that. Uh. Well I I think if we're gonna I think we would definitely need the internet connection because even with y I don't think you could even get teletext information from the T_V_ onto the remote control, especially if we don't control the T_V_. I dunno. We need to find that out. Mm. If it's a really small T_V_ maybe. Well the thing is I think I think the type of peop I think the type of people that are gonna want to buy a very stylish rem r remote control with lots of new technologies are the kinda people that are gonna have you know a wireless internet connection maybe, or a you know. Well this is what we need to find out. Can we can we increase the the price point of this remote control? 'Cause otherwise we need It's kind of hard to guarantee that you're gonna Ninety five percent is not good enough though. Yep.