Yeah. Thanks. Mm, okay. I've done a presentation, but it pretty much covers work that we've both done, so if I'm missing anything, Christine can just correct me. It's not the biggest PowerPoint presentation in the world, but Three. Um. No it's think it's the last one. No, then this is the la yeah, that one, final design. It is named appropriately, you just couldn't see the name. Um okay, can I have the mouse? Thanks. Alright, so from when we were discussing specifying the case in the last meeting, we decided that we wanted an ergonomic shape, the material that we chose was wood, and uh the colour would be customisable, 'cause you can stain the wood whatever colour. Um, so in terms of function, you have to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off, volume and channel control, menu control, voice recognition control, and we've incorporated the L_C_D_ screen on the flip panel as part of the design, if we figure out it's too expensive, well then you just take it off. Um, so to unveil our lovely product. This is our remote control, with the flip panel as you can see. So if you lift up the panel, you can see the lovely yellow L_C_D_ display. Um, this is actually hard to do. The yellow button you have is the on off button, so it's really big, hard to miss. You have the the red um triangles are the toggles for changing the volume. So up volume up, down volume down. The green are the channel changing. S And it's one of those very light, very touchable displays. And then you have the numeric pad in the dark blue at the bottom, and on the right-hand side you have the access to the menu on the T_V_, and on the left-hand side you have the the the ability to turn off the voice recognition. So this is pretty much what we had on the white board the last time. So. Oh yes. Additional feature on the back is that you can have your own customised backing and I suppose you could do the same thing on the flip case on the front. So that you can really make this a highly highly customisable remote control. Yeah. But it shouldn't be under the flip either, because you can have the remote control closed, but you still might want to activate it by voice. But if you've already got the remote control in your hand you need to open the flip to use the voice, why use the voice, why not just use your hand? I mean the whole point of the voice is that if the remote control is sitting there and I'm too lazy to reach over and pick it up, I can just use my voice. Yeah. And you don't wanna let go of either one. I mean it doesn't have to be on the flip, it can be on the side somewhere. Yeah. So, I mean I can pass this around if anyone wants to Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yes. And maybe the shape of the buttons, the little egg shapes aren't the most economical, but Yeah. I mean this is plasticene. There's only so much you can do. We could have possibly made it a lot thinner as well. But And part of the thing is m a lot of people say that they don't like something that's too light, because they don't feel like they have enough control over it. So I mean maybe this is excessively heavy, but I think it needs to have some weight, it needs to feel like you're still holding something. So that's pretty much it for our presentation actually. Yeah. No we do, but it's not filled in. It's number thirty. Oh, yeah, yeah, you're right, sorry, yes. Um-hmm. Yes. That's no, I think it's the same one. Functional. It looks like it, there's S Yeah. Um-hmm. Mm. I was thinking the same thing, yeah. Directly. Um-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. You can do a shipping centre somewhere, or strategically place shipping centres to minimise distance costs. Yeah. That actually makes more sense if we're gonna make it so highly customisable, 'cause on the web people can look at the different options they have, see maybe what other people have done, what the range of possibility as, whereas if you're in a store, you can't unless you're a highly imaginative person, you may not really know what it is you want, whereas on the web, if you have a bunch of pictures, it can sort of trigger ideas and Yeah. The weight and feel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. What turnaround time do we have? 'Cause I mean production evaluation can be very very quick or very very long. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Think minimum two weeks if we're gonna develop prototypes and then try to take them to different places and see how people use it's not a trivial task. No no. We definitely shouldn't do it in our factory. What ab Well I was just wondering about if we're gonna do a product evaluation then what about time for redesign if the users come back and tell us no this is bad, this is bad, we want this done differently. The problem is there might not be a second generation if the first generation flops for some silly reason that we haven't thought of. No, but there's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine-tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work but we don't really have anything to back it up. Yes, but I'm not everybody. I mean the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need. We have our own motivations in mind, we have our own ideas in mind, but that doesn't mean that that's what's gonna sell. Yeah, of course. I'm just trying to point out that I think that your evaluation and redesign turnaround time is too short well you have no redesign not you personally, but in the project we have no redesign time and Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That's actually good place to advertise it too. Yeah. Mm-hmm. It's just something to to keep in mind, 'cause it's really really important. A lot of products have gone out there without being properly user-tested and completely flopped, when in fact it gets re-released a few years down the line with proper testing and it takes off like crazy. Really? That I didn't know. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Exactly. Okay. Thanks. Bye.