'Kay, hello everybody. Uh, I guess you all know what is it about, you all received the email, I guess. Uh, we are actually doing this meeting to start a new project which is about designing a remote control. So I'm going to be the project manager of this uh project. And uh so I'm present myself. I'm Fabien Cardinaux and uh I I guess you can present yourself. So I dunno, you can starts. Okay. And you are? In the project? So, uh, so today we are doing a short meeting to present the project, so um We are gooding we are going to present the tool we are we are going to use during all this project. We are talking about the project plan, and we are going to to discuss about st our first ideas and so on, and, yeah. So we have around twenty five minutes to do this meeting. Um. So what is the goal of this project? Is to design a new remote control. So it should be, of course, new and original, and um it should be trendy, and user friendly. That mean it's a very challenging project, and uh uh. So w it's we will try to do our best, and hopefully come with something very new and that people want to buy. So, um So what's uh what are we going to do during this all this project? So it's more like we are going to do inv individual work all in o in o our specialities and we are going to meet each other quite often to discuss and to find a good way. Um. Yeah and everything is will be like this. Um so now we are going to to get used t to to the tools we are going to use all during all this project. So we can try to use uh the whiteboard here. So uh. For example we can try to write what is our our favourite animal and write the f our favourite characteristics about it. Mm. Uh. So uh So I will ask you all to do the same. Just to get used to the whiteboard. Yeah, yeah, you can draw the picture, of course. Oh. Never mind. Yeah., no worry. You can draw it, if you want. Good. So good um So, let's talk about money. Uh we are going to to sell we want to sell uh this remote control for twenty five Euro Euro. And uh our expected profit will be around fifty million Euro. And uh we are trying to to have a market all around the world. So n not only for Switzerland, but for the world. Uh. So, um. The We expect a production cost of maximum uh twelve point fifty Euro. Yeah, of course. Um, so we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do what are our experiments with remote control, and any idea? So, if you have some experience, good or bad, with remote controls you can share it and say what you f what is your idea. Anything. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Are you not afraid that if you take your remote control you can move the slide and it could the the volume can go up very quickly and it can Yeah, also if y when you take the the remote control, for example on the table, you take it and you push the button and everything is very loud, and you have a heart attack. Okay. Yeah so you can Do you have something? Yeah, that's true. Yeah without obstacles and. Okay. Let's continue. I have a meeting in five minutes, so maybe we should hurry. Um. So we will close uh this meeting. So we will have a next meeting in uh thirty minutes. Um. Uh. The So I will ask you to do some work. Uh the the interface interface developer will work on the on the design of the remote control, start to to have new idea and read about Yeah. Oh. Industry and Oh. Yeah. So, um For the User Interface Designer, which is Hamed um, uh, you are going to work on the technical functions of the remote control. And for the Marketing uh Manager, I dunno, okay, which is Bob, uh you are going to try to to find the user requirements f uh for the remote control. Um, you will receive by email uh the specific instructions and uh by your personal coach. Yep finished. So I see you in thirty minutes. Thank you.