How was lunch? Mm. Why? Mm-hmm. W we can use something like you know the whole body's titanium but there are some rubber or I dunno some rubber parts like to make it feel better and to you know Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay, and still we have mm can we still include the L_ L_S_D_ display? L_C_D_ yeah L_C_D_. No, it's not gonna be a t no touchable but still like a source of information or source for menus. Okay, so let's try it, let's t Yeah, yeah, it's it's not gonna be a touch pad, uh just a display for giving you information. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No more questions. Mm yeah, yeah. But still uh L_S_D_'s already quite nice, L_C_ I'm an artist, sorry. So uh, that's not I hope that's not too much. Okay. Uh participant number three. Uh mm mm uh have a look at this no it's yeah. Uh so the concept of the interface. Generally I developed quite a broad concept not only for the interface, but for possible instruction or user's manual and uh all the complex things that come together with your T_V_ and remote controls. So let's start with this. We got our perfect remote control with a lot of buttons and uh we got explanation for every button and you can use your time and uh it will take i some days to learn all this buttons and um the L_C_D_ is going to be somewhere here and uh go back button, I don't know really where it is, maybe one of this buttons, and um power on and off mm I I don't remember so uh it it it should be maybe this button is power on and off? Or no? I can see nothing. So that's our concept. It's called the millennium remote control. Yeah. Really? I thought you like it. Ah okay just press the button, please uh. Yeah, we will not use this. We will not use this. But instead of this I will devise That's our concept. And it's got just few buttons, quite low looking, and all this stuff we already we already discussed. And uh what will people say? They'll say it's perfect. Or what will say? Uh they will say it's splendid. And uh e everyone will say I'll buy it. And everyone's gonna be satisfied. I would make a backlight of the L_C_D_ screen with different colours. Not the case. Yeah. Okay, so let's remember there's a Nokia phone which changeable panels. Do you like it? That's why you don't have it. That's why, 'cause it's nasty. No. Um, I am here. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Okay, what uh there's one more decisi uh one more solution in fact, um 'cause there are some some paints that can change colour according to where they are, like they can reflect different colours depending on what is around, like what colour is around, and depending on the temperature, yeah. We can make it in fact. If if if the okay. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, so Uh-huh. So, be an option, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know if you want to be different you just take your remote control with you all the time. And it makes you different, you know? Anyone has their remote controls here? No? Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh-huh, uh-huh. Could we integrate something into our remote control, something like light? That they can use it in darkness, like. Hand light, yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. S well, let's go on maybe with the presentation. And um the remote control's going to be smart but how smart should it be to not to complicate things too much? And uh I dunno that's a question to you and to mm to Mm-hmm. Okay, okay. So just just just just think about it um. Thank you. Uh yeah I just want to say it should be real smart. Voice recognition is quite tough. I say don't use it, and the control just looks. 'Cause I ordered jus To l to l lock it. Yeah, sure. Mm-hmm. Okay, thanks. What is spongy? Okay. Okay. So we have to uh for yeah so are we confident enough on creating trends? Well, we can make it smell like fruit. Yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Could we make a titanium shape? I mean fruit-shaped. But Doub double-curved. Okay, okay. In fact I just agreed to make uh to make the like titanium panels on a whole rubber body. Well, okay w we'll see. Yeah We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. I I really don't like this modelling clay 'cause you know it makes some for for I dunno uh yeah um we'll look. Okay, okay. Alright, alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah.