Hello, uh this meeting we are it's fo should be focused on the conceptual design of the remote control. Um the goal of this meeting is to reach a decision at the end on the concept and I think the last time we talked about an a lot and we had a rough idea of what is going to be, but uh in th at the end of this meeting we have to to reach a decision. So, uh we will have again three presentation, from all of you, and uh I hope it will be fast because I would like to have time to for long discussion and and decisions. So, who wants to start? Okay. So start, uh Uh. This one? Turn. Hmm. Okay. Like a sponge. Yeah. Yeah, uh yeah. Easy to use, is it uh a as much as important than technology or fancy thing. It's less important, right? Yeah yeah. Okay. So, Hamed, can you. Mm-hmm. Um. Number? Three. This one? So it's not this one. Okay. Yeah. This one, yeah. Oh,. Oops. Can you fit any uh for example a T_F_T_ or any electronic device in a spongy thing, or is there any problem for that? For example, put electronic card on a spongy thing, I can I can imagine it could be a problem. Yep. Okay. So Okay. Maybe put electronic in a box and a spongy thing around. maybe after. Yeah. No, I don't think it's seven by seven, I think it's seven the diagonal is seven. Usually when they say seven inch I think it's the diagonal. Yeah. I dunno I dun I dun One each. But, yeah,. Let's go. So let's cut the T_F_T_. Mm. These technical engineers, huh. What user wants. He wants a small remote control, or? Uh uh with big buttons. It's difficult. A sm So maybe you can finish your presentation, and afterwards we will discuss about all this. That's it. Okay. So. No. Uh, so I think we have a lot We have to take decision today, so I think we have to do some work to finalise our idea and take decisions. Uh first I think energy it's a key problem because uh it depend what can we have as feature if we use only batteries, for example, or something like that. Because can we have L_C_D_ and speech recognition with battery, and it's also r related to the size of the of the devi of the device? Okay. So Okay. Uh like but using how many batteries, for example? Are are what Maybe what is the size of the battery Okay. Uh one two Okay. The television lights. At least when there is T_V_ you can get light from the T_V_. I dunno. Okay. Mm. At least it's new and maybe technology New technology. Yeah. Um. So I think before talking about the other thing, it's important thing it's the case. Uh what what are gonna be the size, because its weight drives the other what we are going to use as features and so on. For example for the for the L_C_D_, if we choose to have a small device, we cannot use this um a such a a a screen. Oh. I've I s I think the easiest thing would be to to have a smaller L_C_D_, if it's possible. Okay. So we are agree with a small L_C_D_. Yeah. Tactile or something, yeah. Touch screen, yeah. Yeah. The problem is we have a limit in a month of time, so we cannot do something very new. So let's go for a small L_C_D_. Yeah okay. So, five by s ten. Um so what about, so the case we talked about. Um something easy to use, you said something easy to use but how does that fit in a fashion way, like with fruit and vegetable, and about the colour and logo of the of the company and so on, now, can we do that? My first idea is because our colour is more yellow, and the it should be easy to take in a hand, I thought about banana, or something like that, which is fruits, and A big banana. Um. Yeah. Yeah. But it's just an idea. I dunno what you think about, but Yeah. I dunno if it can fit with the technology. You are the specialists of that. So Yeah, and The screen has to be square? Or it can be like a a shape, quite, uh with curves. It could. Yeah. Okay okay. Yeah. Yeah, it should remember banana, but it's not doesn't have to b to be uh uh really the size and exactly the shape of a banana. So we are agree with the banana thing? Okay. So, the last point we decided it's infra-red, I guess. Everybody's agreed. Uh, so that's it I think about the concepts. You have other thing to add to this point, or uh no? So, uh about the user interface, so we are going to use L_C_D_. In the last meeting we talked about uh hidden buttons. I don't know what we are going to do with that. You talked about the buttons on the side Mm what? Yeah. Okay. And you mean the first layer would be spongy. So Is it is it possible to do that? It would be a great idea, but is it possible technically? Like doing a spongy layer of the banana, and you open it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but do you see that as a rigid thing, or like like a banana, something very soft, you can open like banana, or. Yeah. So, I dunno what you think, Bob, but it would be great for users I think, and very good for marketing. Yeah. Yeah. Um. And setting buttons hidden in. Mm, other remarks, or something, or. Something we didn't talk about yes yet, or. I think we are almost there. Uh maybe, how can we, if we have a soft thing, like this, and to open it we have to attach it somewhere, I dunno how to do that technically, or. And how Yeah, maybe. Ma magnetic oh. Okay. Okay. And what would be the matter here of the first layer I mean? Mm. Likes. Soft plastic, or Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hmm. And something we forgot, maybe, uh about the speech recognition system, are we going to use it, or not? It i Yeah, it seems feasible, and it would be something very great. So we have the de design, the a good shape, new and so on, and we have also the technology thing w will be. And even the easy to use thing, so it will be perfect. So we add also the speech recognition device. So, that great. We have decided everything. And think we are on a good way. So, um uh the next meeting will start in thirty minutes. Um, so uh the the Industrial Manager uh will uh will work on the look and feel design. The User Interface uh uh Mana uh Manager will work on the user interface device. And the the Marketing Expert will do the first project evaluation. So, I hope you can do that in thirty minutes. And uh, yeah, I uh I think you should work together, s you uh Hamed and Peter, to work uh in a in a first prototype, and uh more about the shape and so on and how you can manage to put everything together. And um as usual you will receive some specific instructions on. So thank you all everybody, and see you in thirty minutes.