Yeah so uh following our decision to uh make a yellow well to make a banana remote okay so we actually have a We've well first first of all we made a an attractive base station uh with a banana leaf uh look and feel um and uh bana sit the banana sits in there k you know nicely weighted so that it's not gonna tip over and um this is the remote itself, it's kind of it's it's ergonomic, it fits in the hand uh rather well. We've got the two uh uh scroll wheels here which you know one on the the left for the uh volume and the one on the right for for the channel and uh underneath we have the uh the turbo button which is in like a nice uh trigger position for you know for pressing quite naturally. This is when you when you uh are scrolling the uh through the channels you can tell it to to skip th past channels that you quickly rather th Yeah. Well when you stop scrolling the wheel it stops. But normally with uh it will just uh s stay on each station briefly so you can see the the picture. The T_V_ yeah. The s the turbo button. So rather than having uh an extra button for um for the on off switch you just use the turbo button. This is a teletext button. So once you press that then you get teletext and you can use the the channel selector scroll wheel as uh To navigate yeah. Yeah. Well then you can you you have like a little uh number selection thing, you press the the the teletext button uh to move between uh the fields and then you can just scroll the number back and forth so you have s you go you scroll to seven and then zero zero and then you can uh Well you can you can press press the teletext button and then you then you can you can f Mm uh And this is the uh the infrared uh port. Also the top of the banana. So. And then we have in the uh in the base station we have the the button at the front for uh for calling the uh the banana. Actually they do. That's that's yeah that's uh that's form and function in the one in the one uh object. Yeah. So. But yeah that's um that's just like that's an attractive um base station. So. Okay. It's it's uh it's about the weight of a banana. You know, to give you the correct look and feel. I think a child would try to eat it anyway, so maybe we should consider that. maybe health and safety aspects. Yeah. I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station. If I was gonna place them I'd put them on the on the top here since that's like uh the black bit but yeah I don't I really don't think it's necessary to have the solar cells anymore. Mm. The what sorry? What do you mean? Ah. Ah. A long time. No no no, it can it should be weeks. Yeah but y people don't like to put it back in the base station all the time people leave wanna leave it on the couch so Ah, okay. Okay. Yeah. It seems to be falling over. Or can move between positions in the in the number. It's all automatic. Yep. Uh. Yeah uh five. Five, maybe maybe maybe six it's it's I guess it's yeah. I'd give it a six like I'd I think it's probably more handy than my current remote, 'cause of the scroll wheels but maybe loses the point for not having you know the extra buttons when you reall if you do need them for some reason but you know you can always use your other remote. Yeah. Well it depends when you say functional, do you mean it does what we want it to do, or d does what it does, you know, can it make you coffee? You know. Yeah. Yeah. That's before Yeah. I have to say four. Well it's not a universal remote. Remember we're focus we're supposed to focus just on T_V_s. Well all T_V_s but only T_ only T_V_s I guess. Four. Just four. Obviously there are some outliers so Which I'll say five. Yeah. S yeah. 'Cause it's five five seven seven so Uh, okay, definitely easy to use. Seven. Alright, now here's the sixty million Dollar question, well, twenty five twenty five Euro question. What do you what do you guys reckon? Hmm. Uh Yeah. Yeah. I'd say two. I don't want a banana on my living room table, a banana remote. It is handy, it's handy, but it it's terrible. Yeah. Yeah, but it's not a positive thing. Well, you know, it's it's handy, it's ergonomic, but it's a banana. Yeah but it says I, I would buy this, so. No, it's I. I would buy S s Still I I'd say two. I don't think I at any stage in my life I would want a banana remote control, really. I can say, maybe there is a market for it, I dunno. Yeah. Okay, so, it depends if uh If I had t if I had to spend twenty five Euro, if that was like my limit, maybe I would buy it. Because the other twenty five Euro remote controls are probably gonna look worse than a banana. And it yeah this is gonna f you know handy to use. Although it still has it still has the word of course at the beginning so I dunno. Um. I'd give it I'd give it a I give it a four now. Yeah. I'd say three, I mean my remote control is kinda at home is pretty terrible. If it was change my remote control of my D_V_D_ player for a Mando banana then I would be more inclined to but uh 'cause it's really bad but uh I'd say a three. It's not very promising but you know we're not young trendsetters. Is there some some formula you're using that says you have to sum them up? Well just leave it at that then. No. I think it it kind of you just lose information if you sum it, so. Well we decided against the solar cells so You mean, charging it by shaking the banana. Well maybe dynamo is like you have to actually Yeah. Well actually that that no that sample speaker is not we we're not using that, we're just using the the very beep simple beep, that s that sample thing is like the voice recording and everything. So Yeah. I say that Yeah. Mm. Well, wait a second, no, it's it's double curved, it's got a c, it's uh Well d yeah it's monotonic but it's got but if you hold it if you hold it that way that's two curved, one on this side, one on that side, but they're opposite sides. This is actually I mean this probably this probably actually costs more than three if you Yeah. Well no didn't we say we wanted to do a rubber if you drop it? Well when okay. Well we we'll come back we'll come back and see if we can fit it in. Yeah. No, we have two push buttons. Huh. Uh. Okay it's gonna have to be plastic. It's a recharger thing and uh Well I actually did um think about it myself but I thought you know because you could potentially you know you could be pushing it down as you scroll it for a instead of a turbo button but you know the turbo button does add that extra class. You know. So I mean if we're if we're over budget then maybe we could we could rethink that. Yeah. No we're not we don't need anything special for the buttons. Make it plastic instead of rubber. And then we're basically o on budget except for you know ten cents. Yeah. Yeah well pl the base station is made out of m many units of plastic. Does that include charging circuitry and everything? So what do we do with the extra profits? Okay. The next fruit. No we have a product which none of us would buy. No it's people in in in Milan and uh in Paris that are gonna buy it. We're n yeah. We're not in Milan or Paris. Actually there were a lot of That's 'cause I'm sick of Milan. Okay so um project process. Yeah. I dunno I think we had a fair bit of creativity. And uh but I think one thing we m missed out of this whole process was a um like a focus group with the actual people we're targeting. We needed some of these kind of young trendsetters to come in and play with the banana and you know see if they see if they like it. Because yeah the evaluation for us is is kind of pointless. Yeah. Because it it would also be interesting to uh you to know find out if we have a market in really young children as well, to see you know how to how to market this thing. 'Cause you know if well I mean maybe you don't wanna give all your kids their own remote because they'll be changing the channel all the time but you know maybe in some households where there is you know a T_V_ for each kid, then you know, banana remote control could be fun for them as well. Might have to draw a face on it. So but I think that's something we need to to work on next time is really finding out more about the target market. Yeah. I think there are ways we could maybe simplify the Well just the the the circuit board that we're using inside, I'm not sure really how complicated our um our needs are. I mean all we have is two push buttons and two scrollers, do we really need an integrated circuit to you know to process that. And also fo you know for mood lighting and and stuff, that would be rather cool. I think that's actually something that should be in version two, is the ability to you know to control things other than the T_V_ and not just electronic equipment but you know the whole environment of the room. Yep. Okay. Thank you.