Hmm. Mm mm mm. Is recorded? Okay? Okay so welcome everyone. So we are here for the kickoff meeting of uh the process of designing a new remote control. So I will first start with a warm welcome opening stuff, then uh we will uh see what will be uh our product and what will be the different step we will have to design it. And uh then we will uh discuss if we have few ideas and we will uh end uh by uh dispatching the different task you will be you will have to fulfil to complete this process. So sorry? You have another meeting soon? So you have to be quick. Okay. So the the goal is to have a remote control so to have an advantage over our competitors we have to be original, we have to be trendy and we have to also try to be user-friendly. So uh the design step will be divided in three uh main points. First it will be the functional design. Third is the conceptual design and then is the desired design. So the functional design is to identify the main user needs, the technical function the remote control should fulfil. And then we will move to f conceptual design where we'll specify the different component involved, what kind of user interf interface we want and what are the different uh trend in user interface and stuff like that. And then the desired devi design will consist in uh specifically implementing and detailing the choice we've uh made in the second point. So I will now ask you which is very important for the design of a new remote control for to uh each of us to to draw uh your favourite animal on the white board. Do you have any idea of which animal you want to show us? Okay that's good. n n You should If you want to react uh about this wonderful drawing uh I'll let you uh comment. Okay it's an abstract drawing. I think it's nice and original. Okay. You want to draw something Christine? Of course your animal is recorded so it's not lost. Is this uh Ah okay it's pretty. Okay it's your cat. Okay. Olivier, do you want to Okay I go, but next time you'll do something I'm sure. I'm a bit short on cable. Okay. So what could I draw? Maybe I can draw like a very simplified cow. I don't know if it looks like a cow Like a what? I dunno it it looks more like a donkey in fact I would say. Okay so I hope that it helps you uh in the process of designing a remote control. Okay. Let's move on. So Here the uh financial objective of our project. That is to say to to have a production cost lower than twelve point five Euros and have a selling price of twice that price t in order to target a profe profit of uh fifty uh million Euros. Yeah if it's trendy, original I d fulfil the user needs. We have to discuss that point. On yeah you you can suggest points like this. So what what so we have to decide for example if it can control one device or multiple. So what's what are your ideas about that? Maybe I can have the your opinion from the marketing side? Okay, so if it selled uh by its own i it it would rather be for multiple device. Do you agree? Yeah. So maybe it should be for multiple devices. And uh do you have any ideas um of uh design ideas or any uh uh technical requirement we we should uh fulfil? Few buttons. Okay. And do you have it also to be to be lighted in order to be used in the dark? Might be a good idea. Okay. And do you have any um any uh idea of the trend the trend in domain, what it shouldn't it should look like, or things like that? With rou okay. Like for okay. Okay. So. Fit in your hand, yeah. And also it have, i it may be it may be important for the remote control to be uh To, to resist to various shocks that can happen if it fall. Water-proof as well. Maybe it is original because you can uh use it in your uh in your bath whereas the others can't. Maybe water-proof would be very original. Havin having a water-proof remote control so that the people can uh use it in their bath. That could be uh Yeah but, it is still something uh you have to buy and that is um not maybe very Yeah, mayb B But maybe we can bulk it with uh already this plastic thing and uh the waterproof uh stuff as well. Yeah. Maybe we can sell uh all that together, so so plastic protection and uh and a waterproof box as well. That might be good uh track to follow. Optional or selled with it? Yeah. Maybe we can have uh But we don't design the T_V_. Maybe we can have uh something you whistle and uh the remote control uh beep. Yeah, barks, yeah. So we can uh have a whistle uh remote control? I don't know, whistle-able? Th Whistle tracking yeah. Whistle tracking remote control. That's a good idea, that's very original and that's can uh improve. Yeah d d uh. Yeah but s still we have to mm we have to have an advantage over our competitors. I think this is a good advantage. Yeah. We have to ask Yeah. We have to ask the quest of that's uh design to the uh Industrial um Designer. Which is you. Okay so try to find that for next meeting. Okay. So next meeting is in thirty minutes or so uh. Don't pani. So so I will ask the Industrial Designer to find out more about this industrial design so any working any working function we have discussed. So then I will ask the User Interf Interface Designer to to think about the point we discussed like the number of buttons, the the fact that is lighted or not, things like that, and what would be convenient for the user. And also um I will ask the Market Expert to uh try to find out what are the absolute requirements, what is absolutely needed in a remote control uh for the user. So. And then uh I will uh just ask you to think about that and uh look at your mail because you will receive uh some good advice soon. So. Thank you I think that's all for this point. Anyway you will receive some messages. Be careful. You eat it? Does it move uh? Okay, but I don't know if it uh is still correctly uh We'll see.