Okay, is everybody ready? Mm-hmm. Um I take it you all have received instructions as to what you were supposed to do and um I think the Marketing Manager probably should go first, addressing the needs and desires. Yeah, mm-hmm. Okay. You're participant four. Okay, and now I can uh full screen. Uh, okay, okay. Uh okay, can can I at this point interject um something? Um we have received instruction from higher up that certain things should not be uh considered. Um the one thing for example something to eliminate maybe that's the teletext, because that's sort of outdated with the internet, and according to to higher management the it should only control the T_V_, mostly because they feel that it's too comp complex a task to um to to include other things, and they are concerned with the time to market. Okay. Um and the and the third thing that they wanna make sure um that their that the corporate image is being maintained, and that the corporate colour and design are being used on the product, so that it's easy that that that they can be easily identified as a product of of of the company, and that there's no mistake that it could be somebody else who is bringing this out. So I just wanted to interject this here so we're not getting too much off track here with uh with the things we wanna look at. These were instructions from higher up so we have to eliminate uh these things, so it's only gonna be T_V_, but the one thing maybe that could be um eliminated is the teletext uh idea. Mm 'kay. Okay. And uh who would be next, uh, I guess that would be you. Mm-hmm. You want me to get your slide show up? Mm-hmm. And you are number three? Number two. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah yeah, uh-huh. There, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yo and it's yeah but it's so. Yep. Yeah well yeah well that has been e that has been eliminated, so that's that's unfortunately a moot point now. Mm-hmm. Yeah I It just build a mould basically and uh you know. As the budget we're looking at if you build one mould I don't think that's going to make a big difference whether it's gonna be square or Oh yes. I think I think we will have to look at the budget on that but I think in principle that that would be that would be kind of fun, you know. Yeah. Silly for children. Like an animal or Yeah. Yeah, a little elderly, a little arthritic hand you know, and and it's a small button and and it they don't press it exactly you know something else happens n not their favourite channel comes up but something else and they're very frustrated you know. Mm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. Yeah you're sitting there already or maybe you have no other uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Holder, yeah, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, you don't have to. This one? And Francine? You are number two? You're three. Would you want it full full screen? Mm-hmm? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. On the on on the remote. Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Yes. By your child, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Timer, yeah, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Uh okay, now I have On my slide show basically we already we have already done the agenda, and uh on the closing uh basically there will be lunch break and all that. However uh the decision we have to take in this meeting is who is our target group. And uh what function, working design, how how does it work. So these are the two things we should come up wit with. So uh the first thing is pro maybe a little easier on uh who is our target group. Um. I guess in many ways everybody. Everybody who has a T_V_. Yeah, and I think today there are probably not many people who don't have a T_V_. There are a few but in general not. Now, talking about the target group which is in a sense everybody, but I think within the target group we have subgroups. We have we have earlier it was mentioned about um for example elderly people who have limited function with their fingers and hands, so I think that's uh one group that's certainly important. Um then we have just the nervous people who can never press a little button on anything um unless it's really very clear. And uh I don't know how much we want to cater to children's use. I mean that's a question um whether that's important that children can really use it or not. So this these are just some thoughts I have on it, and um I dunno what you feel about whether we can just say we have one target group and for this one target group we're gonna design this one thing or whether we're looking at what we like we we talking about different shapes, whether that different shape also includes maybe different uh buttons uh for different groups. Mm-hmm. That has a lot of that has a lot of appeal but I think uh I'm I'm talking about the functionality now on it whether we're looking at different groups. I think the children issue can be addressed with the shape and with colours. You know, like you make it nice and pink, fluorescent, banana colour or whatever you know yeah, for example you know. But the question is really, who is our target group. Do we look at one target group? And with the twenty five Euros you know can we can we afford to have uh I'm asking the technical people here whether um to look at sort of subgroups with maybe different buttons for each group how much would that throw us out of the cost we are supposed to respect? Right. With with Mm-hmm. Well that's that's Yeah. No The the quest the question to be addressed here is only who is the target group and how will it function, and I think the how will it function is probably the question of the buttons you know, within the target group or subgroups. The question is only whether our budget will allow to have more than one design in a sense. I mean the basic design I understand will be the same, but the question is how much will that set us back if let's say uh forty percent we make large buttons and the rest we make regular buttons for example. So that remains to s to be seen but uh the target group as a whole is is basically everybody with a T_V_. Yeah, well that's that's the question. Well maybe there's there's an idea you know t the new for example new portable phones? They have like removable plastic cases, so you can have a striped one or you can have a fluorescent blue one, or whatever, and maybe something like that, that in each package you know you have you you have you have for example uh you have let's say a fluorescent blue on it but then you have uh another colour or stripe whatever that already comes in a package. And then if people really want more colours they can buy it separately. You know, yes. That's right, and but like if if then everybody is is is tired of the fluorescent blue and of the striped or whatever they have as another one in the package, then they can go to the store and for a few uh Francs or Euros whatever they can buy an alternate package with another two colours in it you know for example you know. Well I think I think the idea here is to uh to to d design one remote and what the only change is gonna be um the funct d t yeah uh the functional functional cosmetics if you want to put it that way, um having maybe larger buttons or buttons that light up or buttons that are slightly differently shaped for people uh either for children um Five minutes that was I guess tha that's the old message. Finish meeting now. Um um. But I think I I think to sum it up the target group is basically everybody. If money permits we can address some features for some subgroups within that. Do we agree, do we? Do we agree on on that in principle, like money will tell whether we will be able to do that or not. Okay? So now I understand it's lunch break. And um. So that's what we will do. So hank you very much. And we'll see you after lunch.