Okay. Good morning everybody. Oh, everybody is not ready. Alright. Okay, let's go. So, we're here today to to have our first kick-off meeting about uh this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes. Um so I will be uh Sebastian the Project Manager. Um you are the Okay. Okay, very good. Thanks for being here. Um so let's have a look to the the agenda. So, we are going to go through this agenda uh and mainly first to uh to make to to be used to the tools uh available in this nice and smart meeting room we have here. Um then we'll go to uh the plans for project and have general discussions about it. So, the goal of this project is to uh developed a new remote control. Um it should be original, trendy, and also user friendly. As usual we will follow the the project method um that we are using in the in our company. It is in three step as you know. First the functional design. The second's a conceptual design, and then the detailed design. During each step uh of each design we wi you will work uh s separately, individually on uh your specific tasks and will m we will meet to um to discuss and take decisions about uh what you've you've you did and what uh we will do next. So first, we have to to train ourself with all the um the tools availables in the in this nice meeting room and uh particularly the the white board so uh we are going to go through the white board and take some um s some notes or do some drawings. So who want to start? Mister. You have one in mind? Okay. Th thank you. Very interesting. Guillermo you want to? It would be very funny for us. Oh. Okay. Thank you. Hemant. Poor elephant. Yes. We have to I have to catch you, sorry. We have to to go through the meeting. Thank you. Yeah we'll discuss a f a fly or do we'll do another meeting abo on elephants. So so another important part of the project is about money, uh and about so about finances. So we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control and uh we have um which which would generate a profit of of um fifty million Euros, okay. And we should target the inter an international market. O this is the next topic we have to discuss exactly, so let's go to it. So um we should decide which kind of remote control we want to uh we want to uh we want to go. Should be should should it be um specific remote control to some specific device? Should it be a universal one? And uh etcetera. So um so I'm waiting for your for your inputs very quickly because we have only three three minutes to go. Okay. Okay I think this is more a job to our market person yeah. So it should be the topic of maybe of the next meeting just to to have an overview of this and uh in which direction we should go. So we need to close the meeting. Uh we'll have a new meeting soon and uh so the work every every of you ha have t d to do. So um you have to work on the on the working design, you have to uh work on the technical functions, and uh you have to work on us user requirements specs, alright? Um you will receive some information by emails, i as usual. Thanks for coming today. Thanks.