Wow. Wow. Complex. Huh? A cat. No. Darn. Uh. A what? A r a rabbit, oh oh yeah, where is the carrot? Okay mm-hmm. I am not very good at uh this kind of stuff. My favourite animal is Guess. A human, yay. It's a very complex animal and um yeah. Characteristics of this this animal is dangerous. Ah, a kind of uh snake? Cobra? Exactly. Uh-huh. What about you uh Christa? A fish. A smiling fish. Mm-hmm. So, w whiteboard is working? Good. Next. Yeah, well. Not me. So. Twenty five Euro for a remote control. Okay. 'tis big number. Mm-hmm. Uh yes, we have plenty at home. In fact, my daughter likes l remote controls. To eat? Yeah, mainly, and to break. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Ye ye yeah. So she likes uh buttons which make click, so it has to click. It has to be uh wha baby proof yeah but mainly it has to be very robust because even if she's not very tall she's uh high enough so that uh when she throw it away it's uh So it has to be very robust. Unbreakable, yeah. Mm-hmm. And uh it has to be nice looking, colourful, maybe colourful, because uh nobody has colourful remote control, they're always black, yeah, but this one could be I dunno, purple or b Yeah, yeah. One colour. Yeah, yeah. Oh like the phones, yeah, it could change colours, yeah. Yeah. Good. Should it be, y you know these uh remote controls where um they are what they call a universal ret remote control so y you can decide that now it's the remote control for the television, then it's the remote control for the the sound system, or for your refrigerator whatever I dunno if it's Or if we should have a targeted re remote control. So colour, robustness, easy to use, size, yeah, size matters, yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. But uh what would be different from this, from the others? I dunno if Yeah, at least the colour would be different. I think one thing important for instance in this remote control if you remember when people use it they're they never find a good button in the right place. For some reason they they they click the off button when they want to use the So there's a problem in the design of that kind of remote control somehow, I dunno. Too expensive for twelve Euro? Ah. Mm-hmm. I thought it could be only a screen which would change depending on uh uh the use or even the user. So ma I prefer to have the off button at the top right, so I would have my own design of the remote control because it's in fact just a a full touch screen remote control, if you if you like. I don't know if it makes sense, but Yeah, for instance, mm. Mm. Maybe, if if it's possible, yeah. Yeah. Three buttons you mean? Ah. Mm-hmm, yeah, sure. Yeah, more than three actions that you may want to do at a given time. Yeah but for instance when you change channels you can have you can just go to the next one or go to channel twenty five. And that's already more complex to go to channel twenty five. Uh no. Because I'm only using three or four channels but And then back to the one I was before, so there's whichever it was. Yeah. Uh uh we had that in in other countries. Yeah e even the history so you could like uh undo previous of the previous. Then you can watch what your ah you could also record your record your sequence of actions, that becomes more complex, but you could look at what uh the other people have used there or remote controls. Yeah maybe it's a Okay. So what does M_E_ means? M_E_ the user requirements? Or that's uh that's for us? Uh that's me. Oh, of course yeah, the user requirement specifications, uh-huh, yeah. Okay. I'll think of that. So? Meeting's over? Great. Thank you.