So let's start our second me meeting on conceptual design. So, as the previous meeting I will be the secretary and we will have three presentations and we'll have to decide on the remote control concept and finally we'll close the decision. So I will first uh What? I I think I will let uh our User Interface Designer speak first, Mister David Jordan. So, we'll S technical accessoire? Interface? This. I'm not sure the one in the middle is very attractive. It's very big, yeah. Okay. Yeah, why not. We'll have big discussion I suppose after that, so. Okay. Something else? I just have one question, because for the intelligent controller, you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition, but as the um expert told us, most of the people want to use the remote control to zap t to zap between channels. Do you think they will be able to use gestures? Because, if they do all the time the same gesture, as you said previously in the last meeting, maybe they will get injuries because of that? or if you say channel three channel three two three four six five, I think they will be bored after a while. You don't think so? Yeah, sure. I That's true. Yeah, but suppose you got a cold. You have a mute remote controller. Broken arm? Yeah, but suppose you have a family watching T_V_, and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time, do you think it will work? Everybody wanting to change channel in the same time? Why? If you have one brother and one sister and they want to watch their favourite uh T_V_ programme, so they say oh channel four channel three channel four channel three all the time, so. Yeah, but you have the remote control, so maybe you can keep it f with you. You're not you're not obliged to share it. Yeah, we can yeah. Yeah, I think it's a disadvantage. Yeah, but one other question. How how much will it cost? Yeah. Because I suppose we need to do research to have something working. Some some efficient. So you think it won't cost an Not a lot for us? Or? Yeah, but uh uh Mm-mm. Yeah. I agree with uh Yeah, but there is one problem that uh Baba talked about is the international remote control. We need something that is international. Suppose we're we want to sell it in France. The recognition system will be able to understand French. If you want to go to England, it will be able to understand English, so. Mm, okay. And with no increase in the pri production price of the remote control? Yeah, but how will you Oh. Seems to be quite complex. And what about voice recognition, do we have microphones? And where will be they? Do you think if we're far from television it will work? Yeah, but where is the controller? Yeah. Yeah, but we're here it's uh an object. But here you say you want to use i uh s technology. Yeah, but wha what is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have a remote control li like this, if you have an object. If you want to use voice or gesture you need to be free, without any object. You just want to interact with television. Yeah, but you can lose it. Okay you so you can build a kind of black box and put it on T_V_ and just to recognize gestures and voice. Ah. Yeah, but Mm. I think so. And maybe it will be quite Okay. Hmm. So, what do you think? We'll try the controllers you'd prefer. Which kind of controller would you prefer to use, you as a remote control user? So I think it would be better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller. Maybe try to mix the Google controller and the fancy controller? Hmm? Just want to have something controller which is in a kind of intelligent controller, easy to use, sophisticated and fancy. You think it's possible? Yeah, but uh we want so Yeah, but w we we want something th that works all the time, every day, every hour, for everyone. You don't need to tune it. Yeah, why not? If it's Not too expensive too. Okay. So let's go to the Industrial Designer. Maybe we'll be able to take a decision after that, so. Two? Working? I can Okay. It's okay Uh I think there's something wrong with your Maybe you you record it somewhere else. Interface concept. No. Mm mm. Uh. Nope. It seems that we have a problem with the Yeah, so No, I think it will be more interesting to start with uh Yeah. You will had s some more information in I think it will be interesting after your presentation to have um Baba's presentation. So. Okay. Okay, never mind. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, I think it's an added value to the remote control and maybe it can attract all the ecological k yeah consumers and but about the the price of adding this solar battery, would it be something really that will increase the price of production more, no? So. Okay. And what tha what about the uh materials? Impersonal, mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, and i if you we want to put fashion in electronics maybe we can try to do something with wood. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm okay, seems to be interesting, mm. Yeah, we want something easy to use and so I think maybe something very low level wou would be enough. And you think that we will be Okay. So wood. And what about the buttons? No it's fashion, yeah. I dunno. I think we have only uh five minutes left. Participant four? Functional requirements? This one? Okay. So we have to take decisions about the component concepts, about the energy. So, as you say you want something technologically innovative, maybe using solar energy and with battery would be something interesting, maybe will attract pro-ecology consumers. Uh cheap imprint so you s you propose low level chips would be uh enough to have something working well. Case. So you think case. Something spongy. Someth no wood. Maybe you It's it's natural. Th The feeling is natural, so maybe we can stay with wood. But it's still fashion. Yeah, something that you can into it. Uh and what about the user interface concept? Google and fancy? Because I think that with the voice and gesture recognition there are still some disadvantages with this. Yeah, but you need a receiver to recognize the gestures and the voice. That's true. So maybe we'll just focus on the Google controller plus the fancy controller, maybe try to mix them these two concepts together, just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood. And L_C_D_ buttons. Yeah, I think for these supplements the solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add. Yeah, for the interface something added value. With a module? You mean the remote control with a mur module if you want you can just use commands, words and use them when you don't want to use your fingers. Turning the T_V_ o on o or off. So, adding some vocal commands. Simple ones? Okay. So the next meeting will start in thirty meeti minutes so we'll you will all have to work in in your direction. So you will have to work on the look and feel design, to have the easy to use, powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the uh simple vocal commands recognition. Uh you will have to work more, Baba, on the um spongy way to to add spongy um touch to the buttons and try to find maybe a nice shape for the wooden remote control. And I sup I think we'll have to evaluate th the product too. Yeah. Yeah. And remember as as I said last meeting, we really have to build a fashion remote control and uh the colour of the um the society will be really it will be seen in the remote control. So you will have Baba and David Jordan you will have to work together on the prototype and you will have next time to show us um modelling a cl a clay remote control, so you will have to model model something. And I think that some specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. So, no more questions, we can close the session. Yeah. Okay, cool.