Okay everyone's ready. So we are here for uh for uh functional design. Okay? So we are here for the functional design meeting mm so first I will show the agenda so we will uh I will take notes during this meeting so I will try to summarise it and put that summary in the shared folder if you want to look at it afterwards so then uh each of you will uh lead a presentation on the task that has been required last time so user requirement specification, technical function design and working design. Then I will uh present you some new project requirements I received from uh the management board. Then we will take uh the decision on on the remote control uh needed functions and then I will assign you the task for the next part of the meeting. Of the of the process. So uh who want to start the the presentation of what they did? You can start. You have uh PowerPoint? Ah yeah maybe there. Okay. Who are you? Ouch. And We have a technical problem uh. You put it on Yeah. You have no Over. Okay. There's no We have a technical problem. If you remember yeah but that's Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay so special navigation, linear access, random access and there's a fourth one no? So the better now for special navigation? Okay. Then linear access then random access. Ah yeah parameter okay. Okay. Okay. Okay and and voice command did you uh Okay. Okay. Okay. So that's uh that close your investigations? Okay. Okay. Maybe we can have a look at the user requirements with I dunno if I can open it. Maybe you can s It's Messenger no? In which folder? Short-cut to AMI shared folder? Maybe you can send it to me by email. Just to participant one. At AMI. I will try to show it to everyone, that would be more comfortable. You send it? Yeah. Uh this is this email. Okay. So maybe I can switch slides when you whenever you ask, that will be more convenient. So okay, functional requirements. Mm. Yeah. We can just keep doing that? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, so fewer buttons maybe would be good? Okay. Yeah. Yeah but in fact we it it seems that we are going to make a T_V_ remote control according to new requirements I received from the management bo I will present them in the following. Okay. Yeah. To find it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What is her other side? Oh yeah? I did not knew that. Okay so you we have to make it uh more ergonomic yeah. It's your job Oh. Uh sorry got a message from Microsoft. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. This function should be very uh accessible. Yeah, okay. This is the main function okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To have L_C_D_ and voice. Okay. Yeah maybe this this is important. Moreover th maybe those uh like those teenager customer could advice their parents to buy this equipment and so we can we have to take care of that point of view I think or so. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay these are the user requi Yeah. No no no. We w it seems that we no want to have a T_V_ remote control. From the management board I receive an email. Cos it would be costly uh and and also it it would take more time to develop to have a a general generic remote control. That it would be too long to develop. Oh yeah. Because I received that email from management board and they seems to tell that that if we want to be on the market as early as possible we should uh focus on T_V_ more where it seems that the market is more important. So maybe it's a good decision. I dunno. What's your opinion? Okay. Maybe you can go to the whiteboard if you have some drawings to do I don't know. Okay. Are you okay? U_C_ is the central unit? Okay yeah. Computation. Okay. Okay. Okay so this is quite easy. There is not that much constraints. To have a you s you speak about with voi voice control? Standard button one. So do you have any idea of how long it would take to have voice recognition now? Okay so i it's a bit long yeah. One month for the standard one with button. Even if we have a L_C_D_ display? Okay yeah. Okay so we can take this into account. So who think it would be good to go for uh like speech recognition? Yeah it will. Euros. Yeah, yeah. Well each unit is is sell uh twenty five Euros. Because we are It seems that that we want to sell like four million units from the first meeting. Okay. Maybe we can uh we can look at the new requirement I receive from the management board and discus discuss all function we want to have. Yeah I I will continue. Well ask your question if you want. Okay. It's not intuitive first. Yeah. But, but also it seems that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it would be more complex to configure it to be simple than creating a simple product. Yeah. But also we we see that that most people find it find remote controls too complex because they have too many buttons and they mainly use only channels and volume buttons. So we may just uh make a very easy to use remote control with mainly those buttons and maybe also um some lightning stuff too because most people find also hard to to find the remote control. Losed lose it etcetera. These these are these two points are the main frustrations so maybe if we design something very simple and easy to uh find when lost it will uh add uh a serious competitive advantage without making something too complex and too long to develop. So but le let us see first the new requirement. So we don't have to so this this uh is uh is um in the this is in the same direction as we were speaking so we don't have to make a very complex remote controls to access teletext and stuff like that Yeah but then you have to you have to define the buttons to surf amongst pages and stuff. Yeah. So well Yeah. So anyway we don't have to include this feature because it's it's not used any more by users, they prefer to s Yeah. I dunno. If i one button is still one more button. If if if we want to make it very simple we have to reduce number of buttons compared to th to our competitors. Well anyway I have this point. We can discuss. Also um so as as I told before uh it would be better if it's only for the T_V_ um because we want to be quick on on the market. And then also we have to make very uh uh clear that this uh this remote control is is part of of our products and show our corporate uh logo and and colours on the on the design as well so that uh they identify it as one of our product. So this is the the key point. So before uh finishing we can uh define uh what would be the characteristic of the o th of the control of the remote control and which button do we need which function do we want etcetera. So do you um so so from from the the Marketing Expert I think a key aspect is the easy to use aspect, it should be very simple and most button are never used only ten per cent of the button are are used often so I think we have to do something very simple and I think we all agree on that point, no? Yeah okay. So yeah the key point here is simple. Maybe. So few buttons, channel, volume control and what el what function do you see in addition to that? Yeah. Maybe switch T_V_ on and off Yeah. Yeah. Volume, maybe a mute button, and then on off button. And that's all? Mm. Okay. Yeah this is cool. Maybe we can include that also. Previous previous channel button. So we have like channel button, the previous channel button, the volume button, plus a mute button, and uh just the the traditional on off button. Yeah. I I talk about that, yeah? Yeah. Incremental definitely because zapping you you switch them. We go faster? Mm. Maybe we should have also a digit button Yeah. Maybe we have also to have digits or only incremental. I dunno bec because if you have the Uh. Yeah. Because you have your previous channel button if you have incremental only it's not uh it isn't worth it because the previous channel is eith either minus one or plus one. So I think we need also digits. Maybe we we can make very obvious the channel and volume button button and smaller button down there with the the digits. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we can have a wheel for incremental. Okay. So have a wheel for incremental, have the digits uh on the lower side that can be closed so as you say protected, and uh yeah I think this is the basi And do we do we have a No, a wheel is better. I would say the wheel is better. What is the expert of uh Okay. Yeah. That's a good idea. Well also we have to decide uh so it should be lightening in the dark I think because most people lost their remote control. Okay. Yeah, and do we put an L_C_D_ display? Because it was important for young customers if you remember. Okay. So no L_C_D_? And so no speech as well because it w it would delay too much the development process. Yeah. That would be cool. But eight months is really long and Maybe we can just uh Okay. So um I I will uh I will so I we will move to next meeting so in after the lunch break uh here are the individual uh action uh you are required to do but you will be uh recalled to the actions by uh email I think but you can take notes if you if you want but well the instruction will be sent. So thank you for uh your suggestion and I I will make a summary of that meeting that I will put in the shared folder you can't see and uh and then you will um you will be able to to see what has been uh has been said on on this meeting and and what has been decided. Uh maybe for next meeting uh send me your presentation before by email so that we can see them uh altogether. That would be easier. No it did not work. She send it to me by email. So maybe this is better, to send it by email. Okay? So yeah I I'm it's in the first uh email so I'm participant one at AMI uh where is that, it's here. Participant one at AMI. Okay. So see you after lunch break.