Hi guys uh good morning everybody here. And uh I want to introduce myself, uh my name is uh Shrida Daseri and uh I'm a project manager for this new project which we are going to discuss now. So I want to introduce first of all uh the names and the colleagues here. And what you're uh drawing? Uh how you spell your name uh? E_D_ okay. And? So only accounting? Okay. And? Mm-hmm. Industrial designer. So who is uh marketing, nobody in the market It's you, okay. So thanks for coming for the meeting first of all, and uh we have a long time, just twenty-five minutes to discuss about uh this project and the the project initiation. First of all I want to ask uh Mister Ed about your uh marketing plan and your product plan and uh Mm-hmm but uh do you already have like a functional design or a technical design or Oh for the moment not yet, okay, but uh what's what's your uh do you have some project plan, something with you or Mm-hmm. Okay, so uh by when you think you can uh give me some kind of uh project plan, okay, a discussion with uh By next meeting, okay that will be great. Uh Okay, so there's any questions or uh first of all about uh this project? Uh the goal of the project I think maybe I'll uh hand out to the Ed, okay, so to explain uh what is the project because he's in the sales and the accounting. Yes, so can you explain uh what exactly the product is? Oh I think uh, if I'm not wrong, we're making the remote control. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And uh what abo uh Christine, what about your uh the industrial design plan? Are you have a design already on this product or uh you're still working on the design? Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. So uh you'll be leading the team for your design team or how many members is working in the team, for the design? Yes. Okay. That's Yeah, but uh before we talk about uh the finance, okay, uh do you have some idea how we can uh sell this product or project in the market and how much is going to benefit to the company and uh of course it's to the individual also. Mm-hmm. Okay, but uh uh when you think you can give me like a kind of design on the functional design or the technical design? Yeah, but uh I need something in the writing, so like uh what's your functional design, what's your technical design, and uh how many people you need for this project, and what's the time frame you're looking, okay, and what is the budget, maybe uh initial budget you're looking, okay, and uh how is going to the market, okay, so you've you've had to meet with the marketing team and how they're going to market and what are the marketing strategic plan, okay, when are you going to introduce, okay, and by the time you introduce the product and uh you know there there would be a competition, okay, so I need some kind of uh uh the plan in the writing from you. Okay, and it's po B as soon as possible. Yes I think uh that would be good, because I need to go to the management and uh tell them what we are going to do, and uh what cost is, okay, and what's the time frame and what's the project plan, because uh without any uh documentations, I cannot go to the management and say, so we are going to do this and we need this much money, okay, so then it's it's difficult for me to say, okay, that's the reason I need uh some kind of plan from you, initially, okay, then we can have the further discussion again. Yes, of course, if you need some help, uh so let me know. So, who are the people you need uh from the marketing or uh the technical side or uh the administration point of view, okay, to add in any documentation, or some technical point of view, so just let me know so I can uh coordinate all the teams. Yes. Thank you. Okay. And uh Ed uh so what's what do you think about uh this uh project for the remote control and d do you have some already planned something for your marketing strategy or uh the sales strategy? Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, so what I uh prefer maybe uh you need to interact uh more with the Christine, okay, because you know what she is going to do it, okay, and you know how to sell it. Okay, because uh she is doing the design, but you are the core because you are in the marketing, okay, so because you need to sell and you're the responsible for the all the money, the finance, okay, tomorrow. So, what I prefer, okay, so you need to interact with the Christine more and uh within her team, okay, who is using the functional design or technical design, okay, and uh you need to come up with some kind of plan, okay, how we are going to do the your sales plan, okay, th Th That that's Yes, that's you have to decide, okay, so the best thing is you uh both of uh the Christine and you discuss with yourself, okay, and come up with the cost, and how we are going to compete in the market, okay, in the the technically, or in the sales wise, okay, the commercial wise, okay. Then uh we have to design, okay, how long it will take the whole project, okay, how much is going to cost us, and how much we are going to benefit for the company. Okay, of course it's it's uh of benefit for everybody individually. Okay, so I think it's uh maybe if we can uh give me some kind of your uh the sales plan, okay, including the technical what uh she's going to talk to you within the team, okay, then it will help me to discuss with the management for further, okay, and put it in the the proper project plan. Okay, and if you need uh any coordination in between uh compared to the maybe the some technical vendors or commercial vendors, okay, depends if you want to have some uh uh marketing plan or technical plan, okay, so you let me know. Okay, I can coordinate, or maybe uh, you are my coordinator, am I right? Between uh all the coor Yeah. Th Christine, yeah. Which is Yes. Yeah, so basically you need to interact with Christine more, okay, for the user acceptability, okay, and the testing, okay, then you will Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. But what I request, okay, keep Ed in the loop, okay, in between your uh meeting and Christine meeting, because uh he should know what's happening. Yes. Okay and please please copy all the mails, okay, all the discussions to me, okay, so I need to submit to the management. So any questions for uh time being? Yes. Okay. To come up with the functional design and uh to discuss with Ed, okay, and how it's going to be work, and uh first of all with your user acceptance, okay, how it looks like and how it's going to be work in the market, okay, so then we can discuss about uh further things. So, we'll meet when the we'll discuss on the further meeting. It's okay? Thanks for coming. Yes, I will. Yes. I'll copy, uh le let us keep all the emails and all the copies, okay, share each other, okay, so you know everybody what's happening, okay? And if anything you need anytime so please either you can call me, or just send me email, or uh just come and uh knock my door, okay, so I'm available here. It's good? Okay, thanks for coming and uh I wish you a nice time then. Okay, see you later. Bye.