Okay everybody is ready? Good morning again. So, today we are going to have a f second meeting. Oh Michael, hi. You're late. You have a good reason for that? Very good. Okay, let's have a look to the agenda today. So, we are going to have a meeting about the functional design. Um so first before starting I w just going to uh to go quickly to through the minutes of previous meeting. So uh basically we we are not decided if w we should go for a universal or specific uh uh remote control, but I have new um new i inputs for about that topics. I goin I'm going to share with you. And uh basically we decided to um to uh go to individual actions for each of you uh so um Industrial Designer should wor was supposed to work on th on th on the working design. You showed us you ar you you prepare something for us? The U_I_ guy also uh work on that, yeah, and for the mar our Marketing Expert should deliver some specs. Alright so so we are going to go through three of your individual presentations. But first I would like quickly to uh to decide of to give a name to the project. So, I just put d quickly Remo, but if you have any o other names that we co could decide for just to to keep something fun for our project we we should we could discuss quickly. Any ideas? Powerstick, yeah. What else? What else? Mango? Mango? Mando. M_A_? M_A_? M_ D_O_. Mm, okay. What does it mean? Oh. Hmm. Nice. Okay. So, let's go for Mando? Yeah? No objection? Great. So Okay, I think this is Okay. Okay, I think this is more a question of of I I think this is more a question of of look and feel. Something that should be addressed later. We should we should go to other for the other topics. Yeah okay, so let's stick f to Man Mando for the name and we'll see for the for the look and feel later. So let's go for the three presentations right now. So, who want to start? So maybe we could start with the market, yeah. Okay so I have your slides somewhere? Participant four. This one? S that's coming. Uh okay. Great. Mm-hmm. Okay. Sh next slide? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Something with the shape of the palm? On the sides. And then finally Yeah. First I'm just wondering about the L_C_D_ stuff because uh because Yeah, so maybe it's a good time for me to uh to bring you to some new uh new informations. We had the new requirements from the so uh from the head offices of the company, and so they wanted so they want to um they would like to be restricted to T_V_. Okay, I dunno if you had this information already. No, so they want us to restrict the remote control to T_V_ only because of time limitations. Um they want also uh Excellent. So we have also to focus more on the internet aspects because well well te teletext is outdated now and uh finally, it should be clear that the corporate image, that means colours and logos of the co our company should be clearly inde identified in the product. So Yeah yeah. Sure sure. So maybe we can jump to your presentations, right now. Okay so let's keep in mind about tha that that this last point about L_C_D_ and speech uh reco Sorry, what is your? Okay Michael. Sorry? Um yeah. The wheel doesn't work. Looks like a P_D_A_? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, can you continue, please Mi? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay, thanks. you want to go? This one? Great. No, not that one. you are two. Alright. Okay, sorry to interrupt you, but we have seen before that there is a new way of interacting that use wheel. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That increases the the cost also. Do you think that performance of such systems are enough to to target well of such technologies is enough? Okay. Well wh uh I imagine also that the microphone will be an ambiance um a um an ambience microphones because you are not going to speak into into th into the remote control. So it could be s a few centimetres. Yeah. Okay. Okay we shou we should discuss this la later after after after this this uh slide. This is a this is a this is a a very important uh issue in discussion. Okay, next. Uh that finished? No? Components? Yes sure. Okay. Okay. So your your opinion is that we should go for special condition technologies? Yeah. Okay so Okay gentlemens, we have to take some deci decisions right now. Um so if I if I kind of summarise everything we've de we we said. We are targeting T_V_. We need we need to have um um remote control which is fanc fancy, which is uh which is easy to to hand not too small, not too big. Um we have or good shape, yes. We should bring new technologies for young peoples, and uh as we have uh also requirements to to use uh to to push thr toward the internet. Maybe this is something we can stick to it. And um also, a very interesting things I I I've seen on on on the one of the comp o our competitor is this wheel that we can use to navigate. So so my feeling is that re regarding costs budget we have an an an target price, it's not possible to go s to go to L_C_D_ and also to go to automatic speech recognition technologies. Uh first m m why not to go to L_C_D_. Because um in fact as we are targeting uh T_V_ in fact we can use T_V_ screen as a screen to feedback to to give some feedback informations about what we could have. Yeah that's right. Don don't you ha don't we have contacts with uh people on T_V_ or or well systems that exist that we can use? Yeah. Yeah. That's good point. What's what cou what could be the cost of uh well, could we fit the the targets uh in terms of cost uh if we go s to L_C_D_ on the remote control? Yeah. So you mean yo you mean we we should target something maybe which is which would be more expensive but re really fancy in terms to um in terms to had to have really an added value? Okay, so regarding the automatic speech recognition, I think this is They have tele teletext. Well, because they have teletext on it. Th th you have a teletext sin signal that you can that you can uh that you can get thr through the channel. They have t most of them have teletext, but we want to get rid well one of our requirements is to uh to move to teletext to uh to the use of internet. So to to uh to browse more easily the teletext. For instance through uh through your remote control. The ti the start time, all the p all the programmes you could have uh o Well I don't know if this information is available from teletext, also. Well because for the same reason that we cannot uh informations on the T_V_. We c we couldn't grab information information which is not there. So so that mean w w we need an in an extra internet connection to use the remote control, if you want to browse, in addition to the T_V_, or uh or it should be a special T_V_ connected to Okay. We need to close the meeting. Um so Very quickly. No. Yeah, well people go to buy another remote control when they broke n broke their, and they want to go t for universal one, and they take the fanciest they can have. So this is that we z that that we should target. So the com the um the uh the committment is the following, we don't go for speech recognition technology. The L_C_D_ is still on disc is still open to discussion. It is up to you to go through this um uh this way and to to report report me back next meeting. So Yeah, but not sure. Maybe it's cheaper, but we have no Okay this is this is an open question for you. Yeah. This is uh up to you to tell us. But I'm definitely not keen on to to no no no, I'm no I'm definit definitely not keen on going to speech recognition technologies. I'm not confident enough. I'm not sure that that we'll have a product really that work. I uh that work It's real yeah. How to guarantee such performances is really hard. Well this is still is is very bad. So, this is the end of this discussion. Next meeting uh here are the task you have to work on. Um so you have to work on the component uh concept. Uh you have to work on user interface, and you have to go through a trend watching. Okay. So the question is still open about the L_C_D_ thing. Um uh we I hope that next meeting we will uh we'll take some um decision that direction. Thanks. Bye.