So um nice to see you again. Uh. So, uh. Tod uh for this meeting I will take the notes and do the minutes. Uh so we will see our three presentations. Um we will start with the uh Manager Expert wi who will talk about uh user re requirements, whats user needs and what it desire for this devi device. Yep. Oh, I don't think so. I think you have to come here. I dunno. I think it should stay. Should stay in the square here. Oh, maybe. Oh, you can put it here. Oh that's okay, it's jus Hmm. Thank you. So, um maybe now we can talk about a user interface and uh about the technical function of this device. So uh Pet Peter, can you talk say something about that? No. Ah. Sorry, I'm Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, it's still Bob Morris. Yeah you should have put yes. Click on yes. yeah. So can we use any any frequency? We have the right to use any frequency? Okay. And what happen with uh radio waves when two neighbours have the same have our remote control, for example? And so do they have the same frequency, or? Okay. A kind of identification, okay. So Yeah. So Okay. Hmm. Okay. So, maybe you can talk about the function, and Open. Slide show. It should work, so you can. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. So what do you think would be the price, it would be out of range? Or it would be maybe feasible? Okay. Mm. Why? Because it's simpler? Yeah. Mm. Okay. It's a a price matter. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well I, oh On the other side, we want to have something new. You know, where we want to to have something new and So we I think we should still thinking about it. But maybe. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay, thank you Peter. So um I have to inform you I receive an email from the management bon board today and they have new requirements for the for the remote control. Um first um, they say that's uh about something about t teletext. Uh apparently it becomes from according to them it becomes out of date. Out-dated. And uh Because of the internet popularity and everybody has internet at home, and actually it's not useful to have teletext. Um. So I think we can avoid the teletext. Um the second thing is uh they suggest that that we should uh use the remote control only for T_V_, not for D_V_D_ and other devices, because it make it it makes it's too complex and uh because we have not much time for this project we should stay on T_V_ on the only specific T_V_ remote control. The third the third one is uh about the the the image of the company. So um uh we should we should keep uh The the product should be recognisable. Uh, uh It's That mean we should use the colour of our company and maybe put somewhere the s the slogan of the company, which is uh, we put fashion of in electronics. So, when people see the the remote control, they should say oh it's from Real Reaction and he s they should recognise the company. So, um So now we we should take the decision what we are going to what function we will have on this uh on this remote control. So, mm, are we going to use L_C_D_, speech recognition? Uh. Yeah. Maybe, maybe. Yeah but first maybe what is what are the usual function of a standard remote control? I mean what do Yeah. Yeah. I think we should stick on very useful functions, because we want less button. So, yeah. So, turning channel, of course. Volume setting. Yeah. I think it would be a b Yeah. On the other side we have more and more channels, and if you want to pass through all the channels to get the channel you want, it's Maybe maybe we could think of something more betweens, like uh Yeah. Maybe something like that. Uh. Maybe Oh I don't know. Oh. Maybe we could have key buttons, like uh discovery channe like documentary channel, and movies channel and And inside this this thing you can move, maybe switch. If you want to see a movie you click on the movie button so you have all the movie channels and after you've you plus plus plus. I It just an idea. I don't know what you think about that but. Yeah, probably, yeah, yeah. Okay. Anything else? Yeah. Yeah. What about the settings of the T_V_? Because it's button we don't use very often, but it's we need it anyway. So Yeah, yeah. I don't know if it's possible to to watch something on T_V_ Yeah. Yeah. So, what are we doing with the settings? Because settings if we want to do settings we need buttons for that and we want less buttons, so. Maybe with the L_C_D_ we can do something with less buttons, but Mm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, the. Yeah. Yeah. We should hide them somewhere. In the menus of the L_C_D_ or in the back of the remote control, or something like that. It's it's a kind of setting, I think. It should fit in those settings functions. Because it's not a very current useful function. No, I think it's after after five minutes or something a timer I I think, no? Oh okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So s yeah. Yeah. On the back, or For what? Ah oh yeah, yeah. Yeah a button, yeah I guess so. So, any other suggestions or functions? Yeah, we have still one or two minutes to talk, yeah. Usually it's already on T_V_ or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If we if we add the time, we have to have maybe a bigger display or something like that, and is it very useful? I mean, are users wants to have the time on the on the remote? This is the question. Is it useful? W In my opinion we should have only useful thing and Because apparently they want The simpler it's is better. No time on. I think Yeah. So maybe we think we can think more about that, and discuss that maybe last time next time. And uh yeah, now the meeting room is busy. Somebody booked the meeting room just for at one P_M_, and so we should leave. Uh. So, um. So now we are going for for a small lunch. It's uh funded by the company. And uh after we have uh thirteen minutes to to do indevel individual works. And uh I will do the minutes. And uh you are going to work on your individual works. And uh you will receive as usual your specific instruction and so on. Thank you everybody.