Okay. F do you want to start? Okay. No. What do you have in short cut? Participant two. Yeah. Otherwise, could you just describe by hand? With the the whiteboard? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. What do you mean by linear access then? Ah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I'm just thinking of some thing. Um We want to have a no, I don't know if this is a good idea. We want to have a a general remote control for everything. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. No no. Finish tonight. But basically yeah maybe I can continue with my presentation, it would be al you you but I think we have some technical problem or so. So I'm just going to describe briefly what we do in the remote control. If fact Yeah but Do I have oh yeah. Now I have enough cables. Okay so I'm just going to describe in fact for for a remote control this is quite easy. We just have sorry, I'm going Like that. I'm just going to describe. Basically we have a a battery a power supply here. After that we just have um user interface. Let's say that um something like that, which could be um a L_C_D_ let's say or um an array of push button, something like that. Push button or a L_C_D_. After that we we feed that into um uh an electronic chip. So I say U_C_ and I feed that to uh L_E_D_ which is uh infrared um which is a an infrared um component. And so what we for for myself this for for us this is quite easy. Yeah. Y it's a it's this just a chip which does all the um numerical numerical computation according to your display. And so for us uh this is quite easy. We just need to take to define what we want to do when the user interface um wants something and after that we just do the coding to s and send that to to to the not the to the television. So for us this is quite easy. Yeah. Um we just have to define the processing power that we need uh especially if we want to do some uh speech recognition, in that case that mean that we are going to use more for simple Yeah of course of course. And um but for a standard one this is really easy. It's a question of one month and so on s No no no no, I say yeah standard uh standard remote control takes maybe uh one month to to do that. Yeah. Definitely. I would say. I would say uh about eight months to have the first results. Yeah. I can Um. Yeah. Yeah even. I mean that this is really standard devices now. Um eight. For uh speech recognition. And also how much uh I think during the kickoff meeting you say that we we shouldn't we shouldn't go up to twelve point five Euro per unit so how many units should we sell to have a Yeah but how many yeah. Yeah. Usually this is less tha at two dollars per chip. Yeah, we can Mm-hmm. Um I just had a question uh do you want to continue with your presenta? Is it Um you say that I don't remember by heart but thirty per cent of the tested people say that's it's quite difficult to to to use the remote control. Do they say that this is difficult but for the same reason or do they have other reason? To to maybe to keep in mind maybe to access to that menu you should do something like that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And But yeah maybe and what about if we design a remote control which can be configure as you want? You say that I want, I have six button Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Uh I know that som you say that many people are doing plenty of a lot of zapping. I know tha I discovered that when I did a quick look, uh they do now som they do something which is quite nice now, you have a button, you you press it, and this is uh the previous channel which has come back. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Let's say that we can do something like that. This is uh incremental, but once you press it for a long time, you go five by five. To go fa to go faster. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Or we can do something like that. We can design the remote control to have access. You know some remote control have uh protection and so you you y You Yeah, a kind of joystick. Mm-hmm. Or a or a ball, yeah, not a a wheel but a ball, and you say uh to Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the yeah. 'S quite it's quite easy we do that w with back light on the on the wheel. A blue a blue L_E_D_ and we sell that um. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Ten years Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay.