Put on your mic. Boss. Yep. Alright. Three, three. Pedro can have it. I like I'll help talk. Unit price. Scrolling through your favourites list. It's very prominent. So here I'll give you the so this is the cradle unit, and this is the actual remote itself. Um so the scroll bar is or the scroll wheel is this this green little scrolly guy here, um and then the volume controls are here and here. Uh you've got the keypad which is the numbers uh f from zero to nine and then ten. This is the power button. Uh we have our um we have the enter button and uh what was the other button here? This is the teletext. The programme button, yeah the programme button. So this bl this button will be used both for the favourites and for programming your uh the um the type of television you wanna use. So um the plastic is the white area of this of the model here, and the red area is like a rubber covering. So you can see that when it lays like this or like this and the buttons are all gonna be rubber, so it's pretty hard to actually damage it um Yeah that might be a possible a mi uh possible problem, but if you drop it yeah. Yeah and it depends on if it's sliding, but I think it's pretty ergonomic. You can feel it. Yeah of course. Well this is clay. Yeah the the power button is a bit of a reach, but I think we might scale down the final model a bit. These this is a bit larger than it would be, but Mm Pedro can demonstrate the the paging ability. Beep beep beep. Um beep beep beep so beep beep beep beep beep beep be shut up. Beep beep beep okay. Um no no no tha that's alri Exactly that's exactly what those are for. And um there's one other feature that we were debating, but we decided to go against it, is um you could beep beep beep we were thinking that it might be interesting to have a trigger button here because you have this finger it it's it kinda feels like there should be something there, but we couldn't figure out what button is important enough to put there. And we we don't wanna accidentally be hitting the power button like that so Mm. Right. So maybe in a final design phase we might tweak that a little bit, but Mm-hmm. Oh no this is just what we had to work with at the time. So we'll leave the colour scheme up to the marketing people. Careful. Beep beep beep. Yeah. No way. Beep beep beep. Mm-hmm. Well, that was just just our technical team added up the um production costs of the individual units. Oh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah um I do think we that we we uh don't need the events chip on print, we only need the uh the regular chip on print, so there may have been a m miscalculation in there. And we and we have a single-curved uh Uh I think that It's single-curved, yeah. See it's a little bit more than f single-curved. So yeah it's fifteen point eight, that's where we came up with it. Okay. Yeah we do. Ah. What do you know. Oh it's a that's not very special, it's pretty If th. That's a scroll. Uh no we just use it as a scroll. It was a pretty accurate estimate I would say. Yeah. S 's kind of s frighteningly accurate. What? I think we did pretty well. Sh I think there was plenty of room. We got a couple innovative i Couple innovative ideas. Mm-hmm. Yep. There was a lot of synergy. These cables suck. Yep. Yeah. Lapel. That's our boss. Pedro's right. Pedro's right. Oh wel Well we had the favourites list, and the scroll bar, and we have the cradle, and the r uh remote call feature. All right. Good job guys.