Think s Mm. Pro Probably not, 'cause he's 'S been listening to too much. He's getting retarded. Yay. Or not. Yeah. Apparently I'm old as well. Presented by name. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. Yeah there's a thingy and a dingy and Nah. I wanna change that. I like the kinetic. Oh interface concept. Very long presentation. Well that doesn't bo bode well for it for it tats as well. Um so, somehow that thing's too big, but um okay um our uh manufacturing division wanted the speech recognition. They say they could put it to work but um we don't think so. No. It it it you'll be you know be affected by the by the other speech and Yeah and and fighting for the remote would not be fun anymore, and I think that's one of the things we wanna keep. That kinda would r d yeah. That would kind of lose it. Yeah so um taking that away, our uh the the the rubber but rubber buttons are the more reliable it's the the ones that would al would allow us to to market our product as being you know less prone to damage and more resistant to things like spillage of liquids over it or you know mistreat misuses as it happens to remote controls. Um as for the point that we making about losing it. Well, we wanna small r remote control one side because uh we want it to be cool and uh designed, but um apparently um market shows that bigger s bigger um remotes get less lost, about But um yeah I think we we need to compromise between those two and somehow we'll do that. Somehow. Um so the the what I would propose is something more or less in the uh direction of what is to yo the right of that slide uh but without with a l a less complicated um design, so the numbers, the volume control, and channel control, and teletext access. Uh the volume and channel control can just become those the the four button array as in if it was a round dial. And um if you just think about it as the one to the right but with the numbers and the four buttons plus maybe a centre one with teletext. Ye no it's not i i it's just four buttons that are on a cross, so that you ba basically can control all of the important tasks from that alone. Yeah um yeah so I think we w we go for something mid-sized, so something looks good and uh is not too prone to get lost. That be it.. But would we I dunno. I'll bet first in volume maybe. I dunno. It's only a T_V_. Hmm. Mm-hmm. No it's just different. Maybe not. S Yeah. Yeah I think we have like and it's not very usable and it will bring down the robustness of the whole thing, 'cause it's it it breaks down easier. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Okay so we'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber, robust, with scroll wheel, with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff, favourite channels, and and with a cradle, and yeah and the locator. Or not. Okay so you can market pe depending on that? Cool. Hmm. Yeah I think it pretty much everything's covered. Coulda been worse. Yes I am.