Okay. Hello everyone. Um how uh how we doing? Uh first we going uh over the minutes of the last meeting, more or less. Um in the last meeting uh the marketing manager had presented uh her method of working, meaning gathering i suggestions from everyone to see how she best could market uh this this product at the within the budget uh that was given. Uh in general the idea is that it should be something that is not difficult to use. Um it's also an item that people lose a lot. So we should address that. And, of course, it should be something s s that is very simple to use. In addition to that to make it sell, of course, uh the marketing manager w wishes that it be very attractive, or like she says put some sizzle into it in one way or another so that the people are buying it now because, in particular with smaller items, that's a very important fact, 'cause um if they say, well, I go home and think about it, that won't work. Um also mentioned was it should be uh it should have a very short learning curve. And maybe it could be sold by using a slogan. Our technical manager has then said that she feels it should have a chip that has infra-red bits and it has an interface controls w interface that controls the chip. Therefore, messages uh will be controlled in the same manner. There should be extra features like lid buttons, maybe a beep. If too many buttons are pressed, mm uh uh child lock um and uh maybe a display clock so that people could um you could see the time, you know, what show they want to watch. Also mentioned was uh maybe different shapes. So the components of the thing should be button, bulbs, infra infra-red bulbs, battery, chips, wires, and maybe some kind of a holder uh for the for the uh item. Francino who is our um interface designer um uh has mentioned that the that it, of course, should have an on-off button, and also has mentioned an interesting feature that it should have maybe a channel lock. Particularly with maybe small children that they couldn't uh watch a channel that is undesirable. It should be compact. Her personal favourite was it should be T-shaped. And maybe have an anar alarm-clock. And the material should possibly be not of non-allergic nature. Uh the different systems uh that exist are infra-red or radio-waves. Uh maybe it should have uh electri electrici electricity saving feature. And even possibly a timer to so that people can program their favourite uh uh program on th right from the remote. Uh are we all in agreement that that's about what we discussed last time? Okay. Okay, then we I'm looking for three presentations. And uh I don't know whether the order matters much uh, I don't I don't think so, so whoever w wants Yeah, okay. Okay, your slides. Okay. Oh, come on, close already. And that's number two, right? Three. Okay. Nine what? Nine channel uh switches? Nine channel switches? Is Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay, thank you very much. Uh any comments on uh her presentation? Yeah, I I th I think No, I think the these are her presentations, but uh as far as the decision making we getting to that after after but if I just wanted to know whether anybody had any any anything to add to her presentation. Mm right. Mm-hmm. Ho who wants to go next um? Mm-hmm. Okay, and you Uh okay. Oops. The components design. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Go away. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. And you have more pictures. Uh we have five minutes to the end of the meeting. Okay, well thank you. Any particular comments by anybody? We don't have a lot of time left and we will still have to make a decision, and the marketing expert has to present her her thing. Uh okay. Okay. Uh that concludes the presentation of everyone. And what we really have to decide in this meeting is um the concept of the remote. And uh so what do we think on the concept of the remote? Y Okay. Mm-hmm. I think that's Mm-hmm. Well, you you teach You have to teach uh Okay, before we get too far off here um, the components of the concept is the energy. What kind of energy do we foresee? Battery. Battery. Okay then chip on print. Okay. And the case. And I think we all agree on the case, we wanna have something uh maybe bright, colourful. Mm-hmm. Trendy design, compact and strong. User interface concept, uh interface type, supplements. That will be your area I think, right, Jana. Put uh k I guess uh for yeah. And Not sure what they mean by supplements. Oh, like Oh. A what? Right, right, right, mm-hmm. Right. Okay. Uh our next meeting will be in thirty minutes, and the uh I_D_ is to this is the individual actions to be taken until then, to have the look and feel design, and uh the U_I_D_ is supposed to uh come up with the user interface design, and the marketing expert with the product evaluation. In this phase, the two of you, Jana and Francine, have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay, it says here. You will receive specific instructions will be sent to you by your coaches. Um if you have any questions, you know, you you can always uh contact me um or uh or your coach, I suppose. Um so um I think we conclude the meeting here and we come back in uh uh thirty minutes, according to our timetable here. Thank you very much.