Okay. Je croix que c'est dommage de le it will be sad to destroy this prototype. It really looks like a banana. It is a banana. Mm. Okay. Hi. So we are here for the detailed design meeting. So we will uh I will first present what we are going to do in this meeting. Then uh I've I will also take notes during this meeting and I will send you uh a summary then as usual. We will then look at the evaluation criteria of the prototype presented by uh our two colleagues that make good work. And uh then we will see the financial aspects and the cost of the product. Then we will uh evaluate the product. And uh end with the conclusion of this project and see whether it fits with it fulf if it fulfil the requirement or not. So d let's start with the cost aspect so so I look at the aspect discussed last time, that is to say uh to have a standard battery, to have a yellow banana shaped uh case with uh a rubber material around it to be uh to feel spongy, and uh also at the different aspect like having a wheel etcetera. And the cost ended to be ten point seven Euros. So which is uh good, because we had a price gap of twelve point five Euros. So for the financial aspect it's okay, we can uh we can continue with this product uh as if, and we are now going to see the project evaluation with uh our marketing expert. Yeah. You have a presentation? Participant four, yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Maybe you can presen okay. Maybe hold it. So I think it's uh very uh very nice. What do you think? Yeah. So it's between one and seven? Seven is the highest uh? I will give a six. Maybe we all have to agree on a common Yeah. No problem. So this is your One is most. Well, we can choose what we want. Okay, let's say that seven is the best. Okay. So so do note the grade we have five, six for me, five. And what what's your choice? How much would you give on the fancy aspect, on the fashionable aspect? How much would you you don't answer to this uh questionnaire? Five point five average. Okay. Well, does it Okay, techne technological aspect. Yeah, we have the wheel. We also have the rubber material, which make it uh like new also. I think I would give a five. Four? Okay. No. So what's your uh grade? Four? So we have four, four f and five? Yeah, four. Four, yeah, let's put four. Doesn't it Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I would give a I would give a seven as well. It's very easy to use. So six point five. Okay. Oh yeah, its its f its fruit fruit shape. I would say seven. And is very very nice design. Yeah. Seven, okay. I think you can't miss it. Okay. Yeah, we have the we don't sesh especially have the lightning but So it's yellow. It's okay. I think it's very easy to I would say seven. It's hard to miss it. Yeah, it's rubber, made of rubber, I think it's m it's uh more rubber than uh other remote control. Yeah. But it is uh it is surrounded by rubber material. So maybe we can put a six. Six is okay? Yeah. Tadada. We have to sum up everything. Six is a good Yeah, the be. Okay, so six is a So it's a good evaluation, I think. It's very promising. Huh. So this prototype is quite nice. Yeah. Okay. So having this at twenty five Euros is uh quite attractive, I think. I think the Yeah. So, I think, we can summarise. So we have seen the prototype. It's very nice according to the work of our two designer. The the the financial aspect were okay. We we have the cost below uh our threshold and so we could sell at twenty five Euros and make i make profit. The the evaluation give satisfying result as well. So I think we can move to the last part of the meeting. So the cost is in the budget, the evaluation is okay, so I th I think we can now uh open champagne and make a huge party. I don't know if it's provided by uh by the meeting staff. Okay so congratulation. Nice product. Yeah. I think it was a good collaboration uh. Aspect. Sorry? I think we will have um much bigger project next time and a much bigger salary as well. All it depends on who watch this meeting. We don't know. Okay, so good guys, so see you for next uh successful project.