Okay uh Agnes, you can help me for the slide when okay. Okay, welcome back. I hope uh you have a fresh head and a fresh time. How t now the meeting actually we gathering here to discuss about the functional design meeting. Okay, and uh we'll issue some information from uh all of you. And it's in the, I think uh, in the sharing folder. And uh I will invite uh the Christine and the Ed and uh Agnes to discuss about on the various subjects. So can you go to the next slide? Yeah uh the agenda of the meeting is opening. Then uh I'm going to talk about uh the project management, what I'm going to do, and uh, of course, I'm doing the project management and secretary both, okay, to take the minutes of the meeting. And there are three presentations. One is uh new project requirements. And the second one about uh decision on remote control functions. And uh finally we are closing. Uh and the meeting time will be uh forty minutes, so you have to be very quick. And I have come up with the management come with the new proposal, okay, and I have to discuss a few points on this. Uh both says new insights in the aim of your project. Uh the one is uh the teletext becomes uh outmoded, okay because if uh because of the computer systems and the new technology. So we don't need to consider really about the teletext all in our new project design. And the second one is about uh the remote control. Should be used only for the T_V_. That's what our uh management says. And the third point, it's very very important to establish our uh marketing or uh corporate image, okay, with this new project or new product. Okay. So I will invite uh Agnes, can you go to the third slide? Okay,. So, I'll invite uh Christine to discuss about uh the functional design. Yeah, let me uh interrupt you uh if you can add other facility, other feature, like uh unbreakable. Okay, because uh especially today, you know, you have the family and the kids, okay, and the kids throw it and they they play with their remotes and. Yes. Okay, so if you can add the feature, okay, for your uh fabric whatever in your outline design okay, with unbreakable, okay, I think that will give a lot of advantage for our product, if I'm not wrong. Maybe you can uh add it in that. Okay, uh thank you Christine, and uh uh any questions or uh clarifications, or any discussion on the functional design? Yes. Yeah so Yeah the the I'm sorry because uh the last meeting we supposed to discuss about the financial thing. Uh let me go quickly, maybe if I can go back. I know the project plan and the budget. So I can close this, not sure. Was in uh S This. So let me see where is this file. This is Christine. That's yours, okay. Saving. Okay, uh I will I will send you a mail, okay? The project may be the the project aim, okay. At the end of the day, the company uh wants to make at least uh the fifty million Euro. Okay, and uh of course the price will be very reasonable on the the sales side. Okay, that maybe Eddie will talk to you about uh how much uh the price and uh what's uh how much its cost for the manufacturing and how much it's going to be we sell in the market. Okay. Then uh you can come back with your feedback. And I I have one maybe the suggestion or opinion. This remote control, okay, it can be for like universal, to use for any T_V_. Okay, and it will be slim, okay, and uh Not fat. Okay. Yep. But let's try it, okay, with the different uh the designs, okay, the functional designs. Okay? So any other questions? Okay. Thank you Christine for uh time being, so then uh Ed, so can you tell about Mm-hmm. Yep. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yep. So what do you think about uh the design? Do you think you can make it or uh What do you think about uh the design, uh what he was talking about of the speech recognition? Mm-hmm. Yep. Well, what I can uh suggest to you, Christine, okay, uh if you need some uh the technical feedback, or some training, okay, about uh this facility, especially for the speech recognition, I can recommend you some companies like uh Intel or I_B_M_, okay, because they're already in this uh speech recognition part, okay. And uh you can maybe have some uh technical backup from them, some kind of a technical tie-up. Okay, and uh if you want, I can coordinate, okay, to get some information, okay, and uh you can uh let me know, okay, so what kind of uh the details you require okay, to add this feature in this project. I don't think it's uh the difficult. And uh we need to know how much is the timeframe you need to develop, apart from uh what today. Yep. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yep. Yeah but but end of the day, you're the sales guy, so I will come back and sit on your head because uh you are going to give your sales projection, okay. It's uh of course it's uh good to uh tell the management how much it's cost us and how much you are going to benefit, okay. And uh, so I don't mind to convince, okay, the management to spend some more money on the project, okay, if you can make out of the money from this project. Yes, okay I don't mind to convince the the management, okay. The management says, okay, so they they don't want certain facilities, which it's already worked, okay, they want something uh new, okay. I think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree, I don't think they'll say no for that, okay. And uh I hope I can convince the management on that, okay. So if you have any uh new ideas, okay, for uh your you can always come up and uh you can tell me if you need any uh s special, okay, coordination, okay, between any uh technical companies, which you can uh hide their technology backup, okay, for your uh functional design or technical design, okay, then I am ready to do that. And uh what's your comments about uh Yeah, so you are finish, Ed, uh so I can uh Okay, I'll uh hand over to Agnes. Just gonna close this. T Uh where are you, here? Participant three. Okay, so I'll yep. Okay. Is it okay? Alri Click mm. So for anybody need uh any help, for time being, on this uh subjects, okay, so please come back to me, and uh Christine, maybe I can uh try to help you to get some uh the technical uh the companies to help you for uh make a design uh slim, okay, and to add some features, like we are talking about, the speech recognition and all. Yeah. So not really this one we are talk ab Yep. Okay, that will be great. And uh I'll send you the the minutes of meet Yeah. Okay, what we'll do is now we'll take for lunch break, okay, then uh we can discuss furthermore, okay, with our areas, and uh then we will come back again in the in the next meeting. So thanks for coming and uh I'll send you minutes of meeting, and uh please put your all information in the sharing folder so everybody can share the information. Okay? So let's go for lunch then. Thank you.