Mm-hmm. What's the agenda for this meeting? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. That's the big question yeah. No, I don't. I wasn't. No. I c I can talk about it but I have no slides or anything. Mm-hmm. Well I've just been um presented with some research we've done in a small focus group so, a hundred people, just asked them about their remote control usage habits and what they want in a remote control. Um. It's probably can't email this to you, I've just got a web page with some data on it. Um basically it's saying that users generally dislike the look and feel of their remote controls. Um seventy five u seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Um. Eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. Um. Current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. Uh seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot, so they use their remote control quite frequently while they're watching television. Uh. Fifty percent of users say that they only use ten percent of the buttons, so they've got a remote control with a lot of functionality but really most of the time they only use a small part of that. Um. I have an a web page yes. Yep. Yep, sure. Mm-hmm. So basically um there's a breakdown of how much they use the different functions on a rem remote control. Um, power and volume selection are only used a few times within this uh per hour. Um, channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight times um and then there's things like channel settings, audio settings, which are only used very infrequently. Um. Teletext is used um fourteen times in the hour, so it is used but not nearly as much as the channel selection is used. Um. An interesting thing that this report has brought up is that um fifty fifty percent of users report that the remote control gets lost a lot of the time in the room, so some way of some way of locating the remote control would be very useful to a lot of users. Um. Thirty four percent said it takes too long to learn to use a remote control, they want something that's easier to use straight away, more intuitive perhaps. Um. Thirty four percent said it took too much time to learn to use a new one. Yep. Um. And thirty twenty six percent said remote controls are bad for R_S_I_. I don't know how we'd go about combating that. For R_S_I_? Respet Repetitive strain injury. So. But Mm. Yeah. That's what the report says yeah. Um and then it's got a demographic breakdown on Uh I should be able to actually, if I email it to you now. Oh no, yeah. Yeah. Um, s hang on. Well. Oh I need to muck around with this. It's probably easier if you put it on yours and then I'll just email it to you. It's just a web link. One thing it goes on to talk about, which is interesting, is the hang on a minute. Mm-hmm. Yep. Um, one thing is interesting is talking about um speech recognition in a remote control. And who would pay more for that and whether people would find it useful. Yes, I'll just get this up. Well potentially yeah, um I think even for interesti yeah I think that would not work so well. You wanna have both options. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Um Well This is now talking about um who would pay for speech recognition in a remote control, who would pay more for it, um. Ninety percent of the fifteen to twenty five year old market said that they would pay more, it goes down from there, seventy six percent for twenty five to thirty five, thirty five percent for thirty five to forty five, um twenty two percent for forty five to fifty five and then eight percent for fifty five to sixty five. Yeah. But we sh Yeah, it really depends where we're gonna be targeting this product, um, which we'll be talking about later I think. Did you get the email? Yep, that one. Just follow that link. It'll be in a different window, yep. That's left that one. Yep. Mm. So that's the figure that I was just talking about there, with the different demographics. Another thing it's talking about there is the L_C_D_ screen but there's no figures apparently on that. Sorry? Oh. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Well. You drew it a long time ago? Ninety one. Ah. That's handy. So if the b T_V_ in the next apartment's really loud, you can just turn it off. Yeah. I like that idea. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay. How would that work? So you've got say maybe a V_C_R_ and a T_V_ which are separate, so you on my one at home I've got a V_C_R_ remote which then changes the channel on the V_C_R_ and doesn't do anything on the T_V_, so is it gonna be like a switch on the remote that says t use the T_V_ or use the V_C_R_? or does it know which one you want to use? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. That's fair enough. Mm. But I don't think we're trying to make a universal remote here. That's, yeah. Mm. Mm. Because y Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Yep. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm. Mm. So D_V_D_s and V_C_R_s? Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. But I think taking the idea of getting inspiration from mobile phones is interesting, especially if we're going after a younger market, that's the the the mm the new and the funky things, that's, yeah, there's lot there's lots of pretty mobile phones, not too many pretty remote controls. That's Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. How much longer have we got for the meeting by the way? 'Cause we haven't talked about demographic at all and it's a very important issue. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Which I think is quite tricky. Um, basically we're trying to get people to buy a remote control wouldn't they already have a remote control with their television when they buy one? But it's not going to have more functionality, 'cause it's only a low market, it's a cheap-end remote control, we can't beat modern functionality, we might we'll be able to beat them on th the look of it, th the design of it but that's not a big seller, if they're not just going to buy a new remote control just 'cause it looks pretty, they have to actually need it as well. So I'm not sure how we can get people to buy this thing. Mm. Yeah. But why are they buying one in the first place? Mm. But if people are buying a new remote control for functionality they'll buy a universal remote. I've got friends who've got so many things they need a universal remote, otherwise they're using five different remotes for their all their things. In that case they wouldn't buy our product, because it doesn't give them what they need in terms of functionality. Well, we can't, with the price range. We We're not building a universal remote, we're not building a high end product. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. But yeah. If we're getting into universal remote territory, we're getting to L_C_D_ screens and things like that which would drive the cost up a lot. For universal remotes If you mm. And quite complicated to use, yes. Mm-hmm. Not as flexible maybe, yeah, but s yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But if we're going for the say fifteen to twenty five age group then not many of them would actually own T_V_s to use a remote control on. Okay. So they're yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. I don't know really what the the price range for remote controls is. Are we gonna be at the very bottom of the price range, or are we kind of middle to bottom? I don't know. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess what I'd like from a universal remote is maybe choosing between three devices, being able to switch between them, there may be stereo, V_C_R_ and T_V_. And just be able to s use them all from the same remote, but not at the same time. Mm. Mm-hmm yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.