Mm-hmm. No y you do the minutes first, or? No? Okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah but how how is how risky is it to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition? Okay. Okay. But this this but this would never happen anyway. Yeah Yeah, but the Yeah but this Yeah. I don't think it Oh, okay, okay, you mean it could be a problem for this kind of stuff. No. No, but this is disadvant disadvantage. Yeah. Uh if you if if you use the basic But it's it's changing how the remote control is gonna be built. Because then you need uh I mean this doesn't have uh the power to do recognition, for example. Yeah. Yeah, this could be downloaded by the web maybe, or Yeah. Mm. Yeah, but then w Yeah, we have to take care of the twelve Euros problem. Okay. No, but then it's it's like this uh Yeah. But you would still have the buttons. Or is it do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition? Or you you still have the possibility to use buttons? Okay, so you yeah. Yeah, I dunno. It's a bit risky risky. Yeah, I dunno. What? If if I mean, uh I'm sure if the user pays the same price, he's happy to have recognition. But if if if it like doubles uh no one would would be interested. Yeah. No, I mean Y No, but you need you need new remote controller then. Because if you wanna browse internet or, I don't know, if you wanna type something, or No. No. Cause for example yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you wou you would True. I mean, for example the goo y you say we would we would to have a Google-like controller. I don't see how adding speech or gesture recognition would make the remote control look more like Google. Google is is simple, works fine, so I I guess if can have a remote control that is really basic, simple and works fine, it's already a lot. Uh thi this I mean, the user is not only interested in having speech or gesture recognition or if he has something that works fine and is really fancy, looks nice and it's easy easy to use, easy to use. See That's the problem, yeah. I mean, I I know it's more interesting to develop a remote controller with speech and gesture and whatever. But you have to think, the user is the one who gonna buy the product and so. I mean, that's the point. Hmm. Yeah. Dunno. I dunno if you remember what you had to say or I think it's more interesting what he says, okay. Yeah, true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Special for Mm-hmm. Yeah. What about the touch scr touch screen? For example. It's it's expensive I I guess. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Uh no, trend watching. The other one. Yeah. Uh, I think so, just Yeah, so just to meet the user requirements I would just do a s short anal analysis of the remote control market and to kind of um have a better overview of what's the fashion in general I've checked more than only the remote control market, so next. So again, it's pretty much similar to what I've said in the previous meeting. Um user really really want a fancy look and feel. They're not so so interested in uh functional look and feel, okay. Like the one you've shown, David, with all the buttons and I mean i i it sounds good technically but it's it's not what they want and uh So, second point is they still want it it to be technologically innovative, so maybe it's sort of related to what you've said with the speech recognition and so on. At the same time, it's important that it's easy to use. So that were the three first points from the remote control uh analysis. Now i if we look at fashion in general um Okay. Wha what we really see this year is that uh everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is is inspired by fruits and vegetables, okay, so I think we really have to take this into account for the design of the the thing. 'Cause it's it's really what people want. Even if it's in general fashion, we want it to be in the remote control. And then uh if if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points, fancy look and feel has, on a score of seven would have six as importance. Uh the remote control has to be technologically innovative, it's three. Then easy to use uh it's not so important actually with respect to other y other ones. So we see fancy look an look and feel is the most important one, and then if we combine this with the fashion uh from Milan and Paris we go to the fruits and vede vegetables. And the other point I haven't mention is people wan want to have a spongy touch, okay so this is this maybe doesn't really fit with the wooden design. I dunno. Yeah thi this is this would be like um plastic-like, but rubber, mayb maybe, you know, rubber-like uh device, so um Okay, tha tha that was the main point, I think, from the trend in fashion. Yeah, so when I think it's Mm-hmm. Maybe not no wood, but I mean ma maybe not the part you touching you know. Yeah, maybe the base. But still y Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's not exactly right for the spongy point of view. But we could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons, or I dunno. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah d I dunno. What interface? Yeah, no not forgetting about the fruits and vegetables trends. If possible. Hmm. Okay.