Mm-hmm. Hmm. What does it mean, spongy? Like soft, or something? Okay. I will see. Okay. I think the biggest struggle will be the easy to use feature. We'll see. Exactly. Uh okay, so good news from me uh uh for me from Hamed, but bad news from Bob obviously, because spongy design, I don't like it as Okay, so could you please, Fabien, open it. I'm person two. And which one, uh probably the first one. I'm not sure but check the first one. I Most of the things I have to write myself on the board, but Yeah, that's it. Just It's only this slide? Yeah. This this is just uh one thing I wanted to mention and show you that I just uh I just found this, that our company uh developed a s a seven f seven fingers or I'll just Yeah, seven seven inch T_ T_F_T_ screen, which is good news for us, since we wanted to include a display there. Uh so I I probably draw it down raw scheme. This is this is the stuff that I can use to Okay, so the this will be like the overall scheme or overall requirements from the engineering point of view. Uh first thing is uh this will be the overall shape, no uh I'm not speaking about the real shape of the device, but the shape of the inside of the device. So there will be some circuit uh for the power. So, say power circuit here. Uh the main energy will be taken from batteries that we can uh uh And if we decide to use the speech recognition stuff there, we must use additional source of energy, which I found the best is to use the solar cells which can which can uh supply everything. I was computing all the all the things related to the speech recognition, and it's okay to use just uh two batteries and solar cells, so. So no problem. There can be also solar cell. Uh the main board with all the circuits will take at least seven to seven centimetres, so this is my like hard requirement for the guys from the design. So at least seven to seven. It depends where you put your screen, because the screen is uh seven inch, so it depends on you where where you put it. It doesn't matter. Um it's just one cord from from the main board to the screen which can be elsewhere. So this will be T_F_T_. And on the main board we have the um interface to the microphone, which is somewhere, say here. Interface to the microphone. Then the graphical card uh for the T_F_T_ and the third unit is the I_R_. The good news is that we can uh we decided to use the infra-red unit because our company has also developed the chip for communication by the infra-red, including all the stuff inside, so it will be very cheap for us. So infra-red here. So the once again the overall requirements, seven to seven centimetres for the board, which has to be which can be spongy but has to be this size, and the T_F_T_ which is seven inches. Um I have to check what I wanted to Uh from my point of view I don't care about the about the material used for the overall des uh ov all the device. A all these things in in uh in this box are okay to put in in any shape, basically. But we have to take care of the T_F_T_. Well, sponginess. Maybe it a good feature, since it takes if it's around the T_F_T_ then it's good, because it's just keeps it safe, I dunno. Well, it's maybe related to the U_I_. A Yeah, that's all from me. Yeah? Well, seven to seven inches. Yes. Yeah but To be honest, I was Yeah, honestly speaking I was thinking that it was seven centimetres initially, but it's seven inches. But I I think we can we can cut it. Yeah, no no problem, because because because then the size of the graphic card will be one fourth. So Yeah, but no problem to to me to cut the screen. So so for the same price we have four screens now. Ah well this is like this is almost nothing. Seven to seven to at least well some three millimetres or something. Yeah, but we wanted the big buttons and stuff like that, you know. Because if it's t too small we can we can lose it, at home, you know. I thought that it it should fit in the hand or something. W I I think so. I if the roller buttons are on the side you don't have to catch it like that, but just like this, and you know follow follow Well, that's that's no task for me, but well seven to seven at least yeah, but Oh, okay. Okay thanks. Not J uh just a point to the energy th things. If we use the batteries, and the additional so solar cell, then it's okay for L_ uh speech recognition and L_C_D_, so no problem in energy, I think. But we have to use the solar cell. Otherwise not. Yeah I was thinking just common A_A_ cells. So like three to five centimetres, I dunno exactly, but. S Uh d doesn't need to be sun. It it's just the daylight, you know. Yeah well I I suppose that I suppose that uh that this remote control won't be in the in the room like this, where there is light only when when there are people, but. Yeah from the T_ I don't think it's enough, uh. Ah it's a it's a compromise, no? Yeah, that's why I wanted to to include the speech recognition, because you wanted all the new things. Uh the s the screen is okay, but the board, uh that's the problem. Well what what would you guess as a shape? Or what what would be the shape? Mm. Okay. Okay. Five to ten. Well that Yeah, right. Yeah, I think it's feasib Well one um um How could we do it? We could put the board next to, well, under the L_C_D_ and for example make the L_C_D_ be totally unrelated to the thing that you hold in your hand. Like holding something, and the L_C_D_ to be just on top of it, you know somehow. Well But maybe let's stick to the s spongy thing, like one unit. Well fi five to ten it would be feasible. Okay, so five to ten, I I think it's it's feasible. I'll make it. Fo Five by ten. Mm-hmm. Okay, so Yeah, so so just just give me the the the five by ten numbers that you find the best and send it me and I will work it out. Hmm. Seven to ten banana. Okay. Rather mango or something or. You mean banana. Well, but If it's If it If the banana is big enough. Then, yes. But if you want to look at the screen, no. Well Well, it can be whatever you want. But if it's square then we get four screens out of one by cutting just. But if you want some shape then we can only get like two screens out of seven to seven inches, so. It's like more more expensive to have shape like that. But I don't care. You know, if we fit this requirement. Okay Yeah, m maybe the banana could be like a bit uh fatter than than the c c common one. But Like modified banana, okay. Well it we'll stick to banana, or? Okay. Mm-mm. Yeah, yeah. Sure. Like like peeling of the banana you s It would be cool, yeah. Peeling of the banana, you know, should should discover the other buttons, which are hidden. First layer obviously spo Yeah, w It's it's like silly, but the people will really appreciate it, yeah I think. Well is it possible to make it soft? So I think if it's so then it's cool? Cool. Honestly speaking, I cannot imagine it, so far, but it will be terrible. Mm. Pof. Well since since the since the things like the like the screen and um how to say that, solar cell has to be has to be like kept kept in the shape, we cannot b uh So we need that the that the peeling uh I dunno but we should we should take care of these two two things. So, if if uh the solar cell won't be visible while the banana is closed, then the material must be able to put the light inside, you know. So that we can reach the energy out of it out of that. It is possible, but, well if it I dunno. I dunno how to how to do it if if t if to if it's better to put the solar cell to the t to the peeling or outside it, or or inside. But then it must be some window there, you know. Yeah. I agree. Okay. Okay.