Okay. Okay. Yeah, alright. So uh Well I have a PowerPoint pr presentation stored in my in my personal folder so I I I think you can reach it from here. Participant two. Yeah. Uh open. Right, so um I will talk about the the w working design and And um well I I will present my my first idea on how to build the our new remote control for television. So uh can you go one page down, please. So I think the first things to do is to define the hardware components neededs to achieve uh what we want to do. So uh mm I'm thin uh I think uh I I'll do a survey about what is uh what is available on the market and what what is the the cheapest possible things we hav we can use. Then uh I will try with the technical team to to build a prototype and to see uh with uh h how this little box would uh look look like. And how an and we can uh start troubleshooting first uh com communication problems or things like that. And when we are ready with this first prototype I I think we can add some software functionalities on a programmable chip like browsing by content or um things like that. Okay so can you go down uh So, wha what I think for now is we don't want to have a remote control w which is wired so uh I think we u we can use a battery for the. Then two programmable chips for both software functionalities and communication. And the communication with the T_V_ set is uh made through uh infrared communication So uh this is the the schema of the o of the future uh remote controls so uh you can you can see the components, uh battery and uh the two chips goes to the infrared uh connection to the T_V_ set. The one on top is for the um well the functionali the functionalities and the the th red um sorry the green one is is to well, putting things together, um f transform the data into uh qu into the format to to uh to communicate with the T_V_ set. And, that's it. I think we should use a F_P_G_A_ for for the functionalities which is easy to to t It's field programmable uh something array. Yeah. Well, uh a F_P_G_A_ is just a chip you can uh you can pr programme it uh wi with wh whatever you want. And uh well the Bluetooth chip is just responsible to uh make the communication uh between uh the two devices. No. Well, th the F_P_G_A_ will produce the the data to send. Yeah. Yeah. Alright and that's it for the working design. So if you have any questions? Uh no no no no, I think uh we have uh to to uh have uh embedded uh b batteries in in the yeah into the t. Yeah, yeah. And uh I I don't think it will need um very uh much power to make it run, so Yeah. It's a good idea. Yeah. That's a good idea. Also, but but I I I think uh the the goal is to sell our remote control. S okay, so charger for is the. Yeah. Of course. So we have to t We have to sell a T_V_ with the remote control too. I think there there is there is al there there is a a technology like show view who is already available on most of the T_V_ set on recorders or thing like that and we can try t to get this information on to the remote control to to do the processing on the remote control because Yes, that's a good idea, I think. We d we don't we we don't need really much buttons to i if we have a screen to navigate on on the T_V_ so uh Well, f four five buttons, it's sufficient. It's easy to build, it does not consume much power. Well, then y you you go to the main menu and uh you have uh go to channel and then uh you can Yeah. Maybe you. but uh I I think i i if you if you want to to make uh well a a big jump but uh well you you have to to have a a a device when you could you could Well, not a mouse but uh something that that says more clearly that uh right, left, up, down, well, the to have the ability to to to write something to the navigator, maybe directly, or So, we can think of buttons like in the telephone to send messages or things like that. But we'll see. Okay, so uh next presentation Mm. Well I I think it will be a, yes, a bit complicated to um make a speech recognisers runs on the small uh ts Yeah. And this can allow to choose the the program, for instance without uh adding uh buttons so it's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah, s s speech is a important extra feature I think Well, uh Well, we are we we just have to find a mean how to to add a m a a a microphone or uh well yes a microphone into the the remote control, so I well it will be alright. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think it's a bit complex too For our next product, our new T_V_ set with uh automatical uh sound adjustment light. Function. Yeah, but well what about the the new project's requirement? I I I think we should give up with teletext, no? Yes. Well, so maybe we we can j we can already think uh about a way to to access the internet via the television. Because if Yeah, but uh we can think that in a few years there will be T_V_ set that can access the internet. So it's a good idea if i i if we i if if we uh think about how to to to build up our remote uh control w with this functionality in a w which will c which will come in a few years. So if we already have it in our remote control Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, to desi well, not not to implement it, but to well, to find a way to to add to add this functionality in a yeah, in an in an easy manner, if is possible. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So Okay, thank you.