So we uh we will wait for Anna, a few minutes. I think it should work like this. So I will try to get my presentation running. Mm. It's no matter. No problem. Ah yes. I don't know. Just try. On this normal Good. Doesn't appear on the screen here. Oh. Okay. Thank you. Uh. Yes and you can put can clip it uh on your Somewhere. So, good morning, everyone. Um Welcome at uh at the kick off meeting of our uh latest project. I hope you all have been uh updated about it. Good. So w we will try to structure this uh meeting with an a with an agenda uh as presented here. Um after the opening we will tr get acquainted to each other. See what our roles are in this project. So, um We have been provided with uh some uh w technical tools to uh to communicate and to well, learn from each other's plans uh as I can say um so w we will also try to uh to get acquainted to this tools so they are also new to me I don't know whether you worked with them before. Um then we will come to the uh to the to the actual project plan. You all know I hope how it's about uh the uh new r remote control we are going going to design. Uh then we will uh discuss uh, well, how it should be and uh wh what uh what our new product should look lite like. And uh well then uh after some twenty five minutes I hope uh we can end this meeting. So. Um basically this is about a uh a new c remote control. Um We When you design a new product you of uh you of course want it to be original. Be uh we want to be distinguished, mm? People uh want to uh when they look at the shelf want to think, well that's the product I I need. So it needs to be trendy. I mean trendy is what people want, so then I w they will buy our product. But then, uh, it also should work uh user friendly and uh otherwise people uh uh well it will not be uh be rated very well in consumer uh articles and like that. So, the general outline of uh new project will be we first uh go through a functional design phase. Um You all get uh um certain task uh in this uh in this phase and uh then we will meet again and uh discuss this functional design. And the same holds for the uh ph two phases uh after this, the conceptual design and after that a a more detailed design in which the the final project should get its definite shape. Alright, but first we will do some uh tool training. In all in front of you uh you see uh the uh notebooks and w uh n note blocks and we have here a a a a white-board. And um well it should work uh I've read it from my uh from some colleague that it should work with some kind of toolbar. I didn't find out yet how it work, but maybe one of you did, so Um Yes. Do Do we have to say something about that? I I I'm not fully updated about this shared folder uh. Yes well we will then find out ho how it works. Um. Well, this seems to me, yes, some computer program but I didn't find it yet. So, we'll come to that later. So, uh now we will try out the white-board we have here. So, I would suggest uh Well, yes, um we uh we should try to t to draw on it and then well it should be smart some way. I I'm not really sure how this works, but Yes, a good idea Mael. Okay. 'Kay. You you D doesn't it work? Maybe someo Maybe maybe Anna, maybe you can start. Then he can maybe find out to get his cord right. So um L Why don't you draw uh your favourite animal on on th on the white-board. Oh, I see uh Yeah. Yes. Mm. So draw it. We will try to guess what it is. Mm. It's like a cat, so I guess it's a cat. What is this now? So, that's the cat. Oh. It's a dog. So but that's also kind of cat, isn't it? B bo both predators. So, thank you. Uh d did you uh work out cord? Okay. Yes. Yes, yes this is Yes definitely a horse. Yes. Oh very good. So I suppose it Yes. Can you can meet them in Africa, I think. Yes. Very good. So Ma Matthew? So Maybe I hope you have some space in your uh the horse of uh Mael. This looks likes a cat who has been driven over. Yes, the moustache. That's that's definitely a cat. It's quite, you know relaxed situation. Yes. Yes, okay. Th thank you, Matthew. Yes, this is certain uh some contribution to our project. So. Let's see. Which animal has not been drawn yet. So you've all drawn land animals, so why not draw an animal from the water. Mm. Yes. So Oh, yes, why not? Good idea. Why not. A swordfish. I hope it still works. So W Well, this uh this tool seemed to work. Let's continue to uh to the real stuff. Um our project uh finance uh thing. Uh when we are and when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five Euros, so when designing a project uh I also look at you uh Mael, keep in mind uh uh uh People uh want to get the feeling this is a twenty five Euro project uh pr um product. Yes. Okay. Um more interesting for our company of course, p uh profit aim, about fifty million Euro. So we have to sell uh quite a lot of this uh um things. Uh we will try to uh to get at a international market uh so um it will be I think mainly Europe and uh Northern America, maybe some uh Asian countries. Um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve Euro and fifty cents. Yes, of course. Uh um I mean we still have to uh to make a profit, huh? You all have to be paid. Excuse me? Yes, indeed. So uh well I think w when we are working on the international market, uh in principle it has enough customers uh so when we have a good product we uh we could uh meet this this aim, I think. So, that about finance. And uh now just let have some discussion about what is a good remote control and uh well keep in mind this this first point, it has to be original, it has to be trendy, it has to be user friendly. Um, maybe someone can mention some additional uh prerequisites for a good remote control. Yes, well i it should have the the the the expected functionality uh of a remote control. We wer we were thinking television. Uh. Mm-hmm. Yes, yes. Th th that's very handy I I always miss it and on some remote controls that you can go channel up or down ins instead of retyping the number, especially when you have a lot of channels. Yes. Yes. A and I'm Nanne. So Yes. So. Um S S s Are there some other very important things to to do well, to specify in this first phase of of the project. So the browse function, as you m mentioned. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Mm, well uh I I think Uh w y you two should should, I think, think this over uh w espec what, what functionality. Mm-hmm. Mm mm mm. Keep k keep in mind i it's a it's a twenty five Euro unit, so uh uh the the very fancy stuff uh w we can leave that out, I think. So twenty five Euro you expect a quite, well normal but good functioning user friendly remote control. Yes, but but but ab about the spec the buttons, the buttons uh that will be on it. I I think we can discuss that in the in the next meeting. Uh I would like to get this wrapped up and go to an end of this meeting. So So you know now the basic the basic things. And well just just for the next meeting, um well, uh, you wor yes, work on a design, keep it general, I mean so w we will be still fle flexible with maybe adding some functions. So Um you will be working on on technical function design, so And uh you and you and uh uh uh well, think about requirements, eh? Does it need internet, or or do do we stay at basic basic television uh interface. So, uh I think we should now all go work uh uh at this and uh you will be informed via email and other kind of communication. So next meeting will be in uh in thirty minutes uh. K keep it in mind.