Okay. Okay. Next.. What do you mean there? Okay. You can disconnect it there no? Then you can connect this one or this one yeah. All to your computer. Oh yeah. Okay. Hmm. Yeah. Well it would be f No you can't. Oh. Well, it depends you know like there is uh it's a very small vocabulary that you want to do the operations like you want to say on, off, one, two, twenty three, yeah. It's it's going to be li it's not going to be s so easy but u usually it's going to be more of an isolated case but it's but I don't know with twenty fi Okay it's uh decline. Okay. Okay. Now you can move I think yeah. It's a channel selection, a module, this and this function, go to the. Yeah. But is it uh can you just buy it on the market and f plug it in or you want to ma Well it to du it's just you had to change the frequencies. Yeah. But you should be careful, people are sometime becoming problem, like a guy has recently designed a remote uh uh uh which could switch off any other T_V_s, so basically through all the things. So maybe we should think of yeah. Yeah so you can just go on the street and then switch off everyone's T_V_ and you can just walk away You don't have to be near the T_V_ at all. Yeah so. Okay. So I can take I think mine now there. Okay so voila. Hmm I can take mine it's okay, voila, mm so mm. Okay. It's on the desktop. Technical function. Okay. Like so. Well. So um I'm going to talk a little bit about the technical function so wha what actually it's about what is the user going to do, I think my last presented what is going inside, so what's the user is going to see from the outside and how he is going to use it. So well the approach is that uh basically the idea is to send a message to the T_V_ set, as Mael has pointed, and it will be decoded by the T_V_ and usually we it is easier to have uh keys or buttons with which people can uh press and then um changing a button will basically uh change the message which is being sent to the T_V_ and uh um a and basically it sends an internal signal and decoded by the receiver. So p as um Anna has said that this ki people are interested in things which are you don't need to k press the keys, people are can have a speech recognition but this is uh s a question which will we have to see later. But in the present scenario is that you have certain keys and you press it like your mobile phone, and it sends a message to the T_V_. And um so generally mm I don't have some figures sorry but um so there are two kinds of uh remote if you popularly in the household, actually so you have a standard T_V_ remote where you have just a on, off button and play, uh volume change and uh keys for the number and more than one digit option. And if you see for example righ right now uh uh even the one uh on more than one digit option is for two digit channel which is like ninety nine, but tomorrow you might have one fifty channels you know to browse or two hundred channels to browse who knows, but uh uh. Then there is uh this is the standard one with without any fancy thing you know like i it doesn't have teletext option, it can without any, it's a very simple thing, um which which you can vouch. And then you have uh what's the v video remote file which is like usually it has almost all the keys over there and, but it then it has other options like stop uh and then you play the movie or uh or fo fast forward the movie or something like that so i it has those so these are the standard uh commonly found remote controls in the uh market. And then whi which is generally used by the people. And then well personal preferences I would uh basically think of having a kind of aim for the next generation thing where the we could have both the uh the f a T_V_ and the remote video remote control because uh some of the keys in the video's remote control and the T_V_ they could be integrated together so that uh we could um aim for the like in the f coming future um that type of uh applications with Yeah. Yeah. Um actually um you could you could think of um having s a y you can have a key which could tell y it could go to the video thing but um uh yo you you you still can't um in that case when it you use that the function should be able to take up the V_C_R_ option and you could play it or You can also think about having like um I in a few days you will be ha in in few ye coming years you might even have a system where you have a separate uh sitting setup box and uh you have uh um something like uh uh you do you do you suppose you are not able to watch some programme and actually it downloading all the time for you and uh you can just you know uh when you come back you could just switch on that thing and uh watch a program. In that case you want to browse faster, browse slow, you want to have those kind of functionalities. It's the next generation thing, but it is going to come in couple of years. It's goi Yeah it's Yeah. Yeah. So it's going to record your things and you and you you need basically the functionalities what you need in both uh uh video as well as in the standard T_V_ thing. No no we are not making a universal remote, we are just looking at uh giving a scenario, I have a T_V_ and tomorrow I am going to have set up box which is going to sit there and uh it's going to do that job for me. Yeah. So Okay so that p ends my presentation. Well. So we can always discuss about it for example uh the presently the video market actually uh this demand, video over-demand or what we call it as, it's presently booming up actually so it i like people are providing like uh things like uh uh movies, you can select actually so you want to watch a movie and uh your p your provider gives a list of movies, and then you select those list. And it basically you go off, it downloads the movie, it gives for you and then when you come you want to loo watch it on your T_V_. And thi this is going to come. Yeah it can be streamed online for you and you can say what time I want to watch the movie and Yeah so. Yeah. Yeah. Um. Yeah it's uh well you you can follow the ideas how you want to keep the keys, you know right now if you take it you have like zero, one, two, three like a keys separately, but suppose if you take the the present trend of mobile phones there are like big thick keys you press on the top, it takes one number, you press on the bottom it takes another number, and uh basically uh uh so the space covered so that you don't see two separate keys there actually so it it is like uh um i i it is like uh Yeah so. So for example uh Well uh Okay, it works. Fine. So, for example you have uh presently uh keys like one, two, three like this, actually, and uh uh four five six like that and uh you can have keys like this in form like uh keys like that Forty minutes? Yeah so you you you can have uh keys like uh which are which are like so. too sorry, so we basically don't change the uh original order of them but then the keys are more spacious, they don't look uh so there there is a very sligh thing, so if you press on the top it takes the one, it takes the three, uh four, sorry four here uh five and six, so the keys can be it looks you know not very much cluttered but it looks nice for you don't have too many keys but you can have a lot of options t if you press on the to Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well Well I it's fine with me like the price as long as it is uh not too expensive. Uh and it d uh Our provin Mm. Uh yeah, that's that's what we needed basically. Uh that's needed right now. And uh basically you can look to the standards of other Actu Yeah. Yeah you can also browse through all the standards you know, where are the limit of standards for all of them and you can just browse through them. Okay. Okay. Voila. Hmm. So. Well. Oh I don't have anything right now. We can we'll we'll go and we'll I'm sure we'll up something good for the Yeah so we meet in well what are our Okay. Cool. So see you later.