Yeah, it is put F_ five. The full page presentation, yep. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can you are. Hmm. Yeah, it's electromagnetic waves or something kind of maybe uh effect. Yeah, because infrared uses some electromagnetic technology, and those waves have high Uh. Uh. Yeah it's People really Yeah. Yeah. Uh. Hmm. Yeah. 'Cause Thank you. Mm. Mm. Mm, yep. Thank you. Uh it's techni function of Yeah. I have to do working design so uh. Mm. It's Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Maybe it can be yeah middle of like, between those two li S you should yeah. Mm. Distance. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Yeah and it mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. But even we can have some uh L_C_D_ display, like you can uh de you can just button the number and then it go t because Yeah. But still Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. But otherwise like we can put some display on numbers and then they can just press suppose two five they just press two and five and then Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah but since we are focusing only on T_V_ remote controls so we can have more functions for T_V_ uh if you want to go for a universal then we ought to limit for functions for each of our devices. Yeah. Yeah. Two. Yeah, if Sorry. Yeah. Uh as you know, I am mister Ramaro. I am an expert in uh industrial design of all electronic devices and I previously devised many uh like digital calculators and electronic calculators. So now I'll briefly describe the working design of our remote control. Well, as you know the basic function of remote control is sending some message to the the device, like T_V_ or V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player etcetera. So we will have a p portable device which will send message to the the main device like T_V_. So we need to have some energy source to do what to do the functions, what we want on this portable device. And usually this so to do these functions we need an interface, which basically some kind of pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack or something like that. And then these messages these key buttons can be transferred into some kind of message and then it will process by the chip and then it will generate some information to the main device. It's generally in the form of infrared or some kind of s sensor information. Then we will have the main control in the main device to do the particular action what we want. So, basically we need uh since we are focusing on our interface device remote control we need few components, mainly the energy source like the battery and then we have user interface like uh the keypad and you know buttons we want, and then we have some chip, it's mainly digital signal processing chip because since we are I am one doing mostly digital uh devices we ought to have some kind of processor which take care of all these functions and put it in some digital format. And then we'll have the infrared L_E_D_ source which sends the information to the main device. Then we'll have switch in our main uh um device to do particular operations, and we ought to do different codes for different T_V_s, so some T_V_s will have different encryption codes for doing s s uh channel changing and these things. Yeah yeah, because the people don't use one particular brand so or at least we have more more than five brands, which are really good. So we need to check their specifications and do their uh encryption that's passing information to the T_V_ device. So we need to have particular encryption codes. Then, components, so we have the main uh energy source and then we will have some buttons and then we will have infrared uh source and then we have some inside some chip in in the device. Uh since I don't have much time so I'll input the connections to all this components. And since I also want to know feedback from our Marketing Expert and User Interface, so if you want to add some more components we can incorporate them. Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure, because since our User Interface speech recognition and also Marketing Expert for the speech recognition is really handy, so we can have another, like uh s simple speech recogniser on our D_S_B_ chip. Since we have some kind of uh energy this is our this normal battery, so this battery, once you s switch on it will take power and we can have some speech recognition and in our g generally small digital signal processing chip so that and we will put uh the small uh simple speech recogniser and we can also train the speech recogniser for particular user so you just yeah, so that we just use simple recog no but but Yeah. No, even in you can find even simple mobile device like any mobile brand you can have these voice dialers or these things, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Uh maybe we can make uh it in five Euros and even less than that, because we want to have uh millions and in bulk, so we can make really simp and we want to make really simple device because we have only very few words like like power, switch on or some like then we'll have something like this um we'll have volume and then we will have s particular channel, so users can listen. Ye No, yeah, a user can use any kind of sender but they should have this prompt volume and then yeah volume and decrease or increase, so we try to only recognise those words and and because we can't really say user to say same wording then it become more mechanical and yeah. And then we can have channel they can say, okay I want eight, because we don't know like users have different programmes, I mean they don't really follow same channels strict uh so we just want channel number, we don't want like B_B_C_ or C_N_N_ or something else because it will be complicated so we'll have only these three uh main basic uh anyway volume is not really speech recognition problem, it's it it will be take care of our main mm. Yeah actually we we can have one switch to like uh switch on, on and off, this processor and This really, suppose like here we have our main chip which controls power, volume and this part and this D_S_P_s. Again, this to have some interaction like suppose people use D_S_P_ then it particularly sends some information to the chip like in some form, like volume and like this key. So it may not be like very expensive, because since we are only focusing on T_V_ remote control so and we have only few things here Yeah. Um uh uh this point we didn't consider because it's it's very expensive because v our target is only like twelve point five Euros and Yeah, even automatic on off is also a bit problematic, because it different criteria for different people like so suppose people are really uh they just uh they don't touch the remote and mm y you don't know how much time you need to switch on or switch off and Yay yeah. Yeah that can be possible, especially for power settings, so user can say okay, suppose they're watching a tennis match or something then they can say okay uh after one hour I They can make Yeah we can have Yeah. Uh, not very much, like yeah. Thank you. Yep. Thank you. Can you just yeah. Yeah yeah. Mark will Uh it's in current price, yeah. Yeah. But speech recogniser can be possible. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, especially the power, it really consumes because it should be all the time on and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think it's good. But it's a good feature I guess yeah we need to think about more how to incorporate it. Oh. Ah it's Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, thank you very much.