So, I will open our functional design meeting. So, I will play role of the secretary. As also Program Ma Manager. So, we will have the three presentations from the In Industrial Designer, User Interface Designer and um What's your talk? Marketing Experts. And after that we uh will have the uh new product requirements, the decision on the remote control functions, and we will close the meetings after. Mm so um I suppose the first to do the presentation will be the User Interface Designer. Um, so you're participant two? No you're No, I'm participant one. Okay, never mind. 'Kay, did you save your presentation? Isn't that technical functions? Name's Jordan. So so I'll I let David Jordan do his presentation. Uh. Mm. So you propose to to have the remote control which will be powerful. So powerful, many functions and very easy to use. You mean this one? Yeah you have to learn the manual before using this remote control, I suppose. Oh you mean for the yeah pic pictograms or things like that? Yeah um such as maybe the Go on, go back and So, you will propose us something which is yeah so powerful and easy to use. Okay. So, next I propose the Industrial User Interface to present things. So you you're Um. Okay. So, Baba is the uh the Industrial Designer. Okay. Mm-hmm. So you mean that infrared control is a cheap technology? Yeah. Do y you know the requirements for the remote control? Twelve, nearly thirteen, yeah. The cost Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. What is this? Okay. Okay. Okay. So you think that uh a cable between the remote control and the T_V_ won't be a good idea. No it wou maybe it will be cheaper I dunno, I just may maybe you making a solu Yeah, but Yeah but as Industrial Designer, do you think that it will be feasible to have uh linked or to have link between the remote control and the television? I'm just asking you. Do you think it will be cheaper? Could you answer please? Okay. Yeah, but I think the wireless problem is more the um David Jordan's problem. As it's yeah. I think it's more your problem. Mayb maybe you have just to to kind of research or try to ask people if they will like something wireless or not. Okay, I'm sorry. So So just think of um the usability. Yeah. Just think of the problem. If when you have wireless remote control and if you lose it? I think it's would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television, yeah. So I will let you to do your presentation, so. You mean the loo the look, the outside? Okay. Mm-hmm. What is R_S_I_? Ah um okay. Mm-hmm. Mm okay. And just to have uh an idea, do you think you as the User Interface Designer to would it be possible to have less buttons and still have the same functionality and to have powerful remote control, you think it's possible? Sure? Yeah? Yeah. Yeah, but do you think it will be easy to use? Because if you have many functions just for one button it would be quite difficult for the user to know. Yeah, I think the Yeah, but it has to be intuitive. Yeah, okay. Okay, but Yeah, but Mm-hmm. Yeah, but I think it will increase the price of the production of the remote control. If you need to have special colours for remote controls it will cost more. Yeah, it will cost little bit more. And also f Yeah, but as soon as you speak about options, it means that the price increases, and we don't really want the price to be too too high, because we wanna be able to produce it. So, we want something fancy, as uh previously said, Florent, something very easy to use, powerful and also as uh it's written here, seventy five percent of users, they zap lot, so maybe just having many functions in one button is not that good if you want to zap a lot. And they don't really want to zap between functions of their remote control, they want to zap between channels on T_V_. So I think you have quite lot of points to to think about and to discuss it with uh the other members. So, is it okay for your presentation? Nothing else to to add? Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm so So, I had some new information about the product requirements, so you will have to take care of it of it in your thinking, in your designing of the remote control. So the first one is that um for the designing of the remote control we don't really want to use the teletext anymore, as it's something that's It's is uh No yeah, because now everybody has internet at home, so it's better to use internet then teletext. So, you will have to think about it in your in in the design of your remote control, and also the remote control will only be used for television, so for y for you your designing, you're not you won't be uh you won't had um buttons to just to manipulate yeah to control the recorder or maybe the garage door or things like that. It's because if we want to to do remote control which will be used for for the television, for the recorder, for the camcorder and all the others, it will become too complex and it will increase the pli the price and we can't do that. We really want to focus on the remote control for the television. Is it okay? So maybe it will be easier for you to to design it, to have very powerful and easy. And also we want the image of the uh um real reaction be recognisable in the product, such as the colour and s the slogan. I mean that's uh if uh you want to buy a remote control and if you go in a shop and if you see the remote control you will recognise directly that s it's our product. So you will have to use the colour of the product, of the um um of the uh of real reaction and uh also Yeah. As we say, we put the fashion in electronics, so it has to be a fashion remote control. Fancy, fashion, powerful, easy to use. Require lot of requirements, but Yeah. Yeah. But uh that's your your job to find something mm matches. Maybe not, but mayb So. So everybody is okay with the new requirements? I think it has to be yellow. Yeah. Maybe you can change the colour, but the image of the society has to be recognised. Why you go It has to be fashion. So you have to Yeah. It has to be a fashion and really be uh the image of the society. Just when you enter you say oh, oh, it's real reaction. Think it's a re reaction remote control, so. And also it has to be attractive, of course, because if you want to sale to sell the remote control. It's okay? Yeah. Yeah. I think it would be simpler. Okay. So I will close the meeting, um just after that we'll have lunch break. And you will have in thirty minutes individual work. Uh Y you You will have as the I_D_ I don't remember what is industr Industrial Designer to put um pon yeah, and the User Interface Designer to work on the user interface concept. And Florent to work my subject. And so specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. It's okay? I think the um session is closed. And by the way, Mister David Jordan, please record your presentations in your own folder. Not in mine. Should be better.