Okay,. Yep. Four, yeah. Yeah that's me. Uh. Well I investigate the preference more d I investigate deeper the preference of the users. Uh so the the current investigation th uh th uh sorry the current the n current trends? Yeah? Okay. Okay. Well wha what I found um can you Yeah. Thank you. What I found in order of importance from less to more important is that people want an easy to use device. After they they want something new technologic technologically speaking, but the most what they what they find more more interesting, more or more important it's uh a fancy look and feel instead of uh instead of the current the current trend which was f the functional look and feel. So now more more cool aspect, ma more a cooler aspect uh rather than a device with many functions and many buttons with instead of i instead of ha of a device which can do many things, a device which is pleasant to to watch, to see. Uh also Well in in Euro in in Paris and and Milan the in Paris and in Paris and Milan the the current trend of uh of clothes, furniture and all this all this fashion it's it's fruit and the the the theme is fruit and vegetables. And also in the in the U_S_A_ the the current the mor the most popular feeling it's it's a spongy. Spongy means eponge? So maybe we should we should think in in this direction, so Fruit vegetables is the the new have you seen the last exposition of clothes in Milan? Yeah, I I didn't miss an I didn't miss and I saw that the fruit, there are many fr pictures of fruits and vegetables in the clothes. No no, not not yet, not yet. Yeah, yeah. So te textu textures, yeah. Yeah. Vegetable textures and all this kind. Uh yeah, yeah. Uh no no, it's not. It's And Um. I ha I haven't thought of any particular fruit, but the general aspect of the of the remote control may may could remind some kind of vegetable, some kind of instead of vegetable, some natur mm uh natural object or something. But yeah it it depends on the Yeah maybe the shape the shape No, not n not not too much focus, not too much focu not n not too s not too similar to a fruit because next year the ten the trend the trend will be different. So we shouldn't be at re really attached to to the trend but For instance, yeah. African or as an elephant? Well ma maybe we we should further specify what target are we focusing. I think in my opinion we should focus on on young people because they are more open to new devi new devices and also yeah according to the marketing report ninety p ninety five percent of young people was was was able to to buy a a n a cooler remote control. What? What? Yeah? Uh Is the new trend of the No I think we we should think about a a shape with it a device with a shape of some Yeah. Don don't you think we can find uh the shape of a fruit which is handy to use? Or m Maybe. Um Yeah. Yeah but I li I like your idea that we shouldn't have a lot of buttons b buttons so Uh do you want a an L_C_D_ with twenty five Euros? I think Well, according to the to the report people are more interested in in a fa fancy look and feel and in a technological inno in innovation, so, I will give more importance to the look and feel than rather than the new inputs and also it's I'm not convinced about this L_C_D_ because you need uh internet connection, you need more things, it's not just buying a new control re remote, you need buying control remote, buying uh more things. It's not so simple. For instance, yeah. Yeah for for for given an an example yeah. Yeah no, it's what I already said. Yeah but you can u Yeah but the can we use it for saying okay, channel fifty, channel twenty? M Mando. Banana-mando yeah. Looks like a tr look likes a a tro a tropical fruit. Yeah. What's a turbo button? It con it controls the speed? Yeah. So sounds crazy. I like crazy ideas. Yeah, of course. I I think we could use somehow the s coffee machine dialogue interface or so. You we can? We can't. Yeah, but we can say channel twenty five. No? It's not a lot one hundred templates, it's not Ah, it's designed for a cof okay. Is it design for a coffee machine? Okay. Yeah. Maybe you could ask your the you could ask the engineering department if we can Yeah. Yeah. Actually I was thinking that the the shape of a banana is not it's not really handy. Uh I don't know the name o o in English uh This it's not a fruit it's a vegetable. Green. And you put in the salad. Um Oui c'est ca Pepper. And it's al it also suits with the double curve for easy of No, I mean in a I'm sure it's fun. But banana is not so handy, I think that's handier. Yeah you're right. I think that would be funny at the beginning but after one month you will be tired of be surrounded of fruits. No but I think just one fruit to control everything. A power fr a power M a Mando, a Supermando fruit. Actually I I didn't understand very well this trace speaker lost control. So you you have to buy two things, the banana and the basis station. Yeah. Yeah but I'm a bit worried about the budget. Yeah. No, I I Maybe li like that. What about what about this shape? More or less. Yeah, but how many buttons do we need? What a What about Four millions? What about a I wo what about adding the this word spotting, keyword spotting recognition saying volume up volume down? It's too difficult but people like innovation and that's really uh innovative and I don't know if it would cost a lot, just a few five words. Okay. Plus plus, okay. Maybe objective banana? Thank you.