Wow, good expression. Well after us. Actually, I'm ready to sell it. I'm ready to sell it. No y no no no, the o the only w the only wood you can use are the ones that are hard, extremely hard wood, but there are some very pretty woods out there. That's actually very innovative idea. Well, it's actually a very innovative n different idea that uh you know you can choose your colour of wood, your type of wood. I mean it's each person is gonna have their own personalised, individualised speech recognition remote control in wood, that's not on the market. In turns of wow. Wood? They do that anyway with the rubber and plastic, so, and chew 'em up. And chew 'em up. No. Hmm. Simple design. It's what consumers want. It's almost like, Houston, we have a product here. Problem is obviously gonna be cost. Okay, I also have a f very simple presentation, because for the marketing point you have to see what the consumers want. I also have uh copied a different type of remote. If you can find me, where I'm at. There should only be one in here. trend watch. It's being modified. They're stealing our product. We've been giving simple questionnaires in different areas because th obviously we have to see what the com consumers are looking for today, 'cause uh trends change very very quickly. In six months maybe this idea is already gone out the window, so it's gonna be a question how fast we can act. Uh they already erased the rest of mine, huh. No no, no no. 'Cause I had another comment there. Uh the market trend. This is what we know from the last uh from the questionnaires from the the all the p surveys we've done, fancy and feel-good, that's what we've been looking for, something that feels good in the hand, that's easy to use. Looking for next generation of innovation, because all the remotes out there now, they're all very similar, they all do the same thing, we have to have something completely different. Okay? Easy to use, has always has become has become another major interest that uh, with the whiteboard we can see that it's a remote that's easy to use. And I think this is another thing that's interesting is the consumers actually willing to pay the price for exciting tel technology. So even if we have a product that may be more expensive, if it comes out right, if they look it looks and feels good and has technology. The second two, you can see the last one is a very easy simple design. The second one, there is about uh forty-five thousand different buttons on it, which makes it fairly hard to read, uh very hard to use. The first one, I see that they put in a display. Now there's something else uh with the little flip-up, now we're adding all kinds of things in, but with the little flip-up, if you have a little display on the flip-up that when you close it everything is locked. Maybe the display also makes it easier to use, because sometimes when you're looking for buttons, maybe if you see a display Okay Because I've seen mostly the standard ones, yeah. Now you have it now you have one with the very simple also. The idea is simple, but with a display, so you can see what you're doing. So maybe if we can incorporate the easiness of use, trendy, fancy, feels good, uh with a display, wood, designer wood, designer colours, we might've Mm-hmm. How hard they squeeze? Resistance resistance, right. No, but incorporating the three uh obviously it'd be something totally new on the market, totally different and from Although, what it was it uh it was uh Nokia that came out with this changeable colours. Right, you take it apart, and put on another face, take it off and put on another face and then they sold millions, millions. So. So say with the f with the findings, with the research, easy to use something totally new. We have to come up with something totally new that is not on the market. Where w Where it would be manufactured is is another step. We're here to design, come up with a nice product. No. No no p spec It's 'cause we have to find out cost on it. Um, no that's no problem. I'm here for the pushing it after it's made. I will market it. Once we get a price on it then we can market it. Nice beautiful mahogany red wooden case. And marketing strategy, thank you. Fired.