Mm. Yeah. Um I dunno if you can open the uh m is not here. Uh in yeah okay. No. In document. Mm computer yeah. Here. Here. But it's not Um. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I can do that. Okay. Um. It's participant one? Okay. You can uh. Yeah. Okay so you can you can go. Okay so in our usability lab we observed the remote control use among one hundred subjects and the subjects also filled a questionnaire okay? And here I have the results so you can see that um seventy five per cent of users find most remote controls ugly so we have to find something to make them more more nice, more kind. Eighty per cents of users would spend more money when the remote control would look fancy. Eighty hundred per cent of users would spend more money when the remote control would look oh to it's not good. So okay. So it's not in theory but I I can I can say yeah. Fifty f uh seventy five per cent of users say they s zap a lot. So mm we have to have a remote control uh very um out for that. Uh the buttons have are to be um uh uh like you say resist resisting to to shocks. Um and fifty per cents of users say they only use uh ten per cents of but of the buttons in the in the remote control. So all the buttons we we have to put are have to to have um a use a real use and not only or Yeah. F not many buttons, and uh and uh uh u useable buttons. Sorry? Yeah. Uh most for most is T_V_. 'Kay you can go so. So there are other frustrations expressed by users, so they said uh they lost uh often the remote control in in the room so they want to have a way to to to find it. Um and um lot of the time they it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. So they want something s really very simple and uh easy to use. And uh remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ um I dunno. Yeah. Uh. Okay um before that I I have some some some thing uh to say before um We know that uh the user use uh a lot their um remote control um to to change channel. Um and um to to change uh volume selection of the and uh and not uh a lot for setting for setting the the channels and uh thing things like that. So it's better to put uh uh uh something very easy to set and uh and Very accessible yes. That's right. So then we asked some questions to them and um we asked this question if they prefer an L_C_D_ screen or on their remultific function remotes control and if they mm pay more for speech recognition in remote control and you can go we have here the results of of the questions. So you know that um for the younger it's very important to have the s yes and speech recognition. And uh and the others is not so important but uh we know that uh uh people between fifteen and twenty five are people who watch a lot T_V_ and uh who who wh can use a lot this uh. So maybe we we can have a speech recognition in. Yeah. Mm. Okay and if there is th the conclusion now. So as we say before, I think uh um a remote control lightening in the dark it's it's a good thing. Uh not to many mud buttons like we we said before, e easy to use uh a way to find it easily in the room and uh uh resistant to to shock and to to An I s no, yeah. I dunno if you see something else important or Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm? Yeah. Oh. Would j Uh yeah w I I think they they say that it's uh difficult to learn how to use it but i when you know how to use it, it's it's okay. But Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. No. No no. I dunno, I dunno it. 'Kay thank you.