Yeah bu but we we're designing only the remote, we not design the T_V_. So uh we're gonna be removing the teletext out of any T_V_ that we people use our remote with. So it's kind of a stupid decision. So then the double R_ will be our our I tho I tho I thou I think Rol Ro Rolls-Royce might mind, but don't worry. Yes. I Hey mouse. Open. When we're fighting over it's also more lot more fun. Uh. This doesn't work. So yeah function design. Um you guys know me, Pedro, and um what I found is we want to do fashion and I think, honestly, we should keep technology low and just simple basically and try to aim for design. If basically a case will will cost the same if it looks good or bad so we ma we have to make it look good. Um something cute and small. The big chunky remotes are died in the eighties. So we should just go for something that people will like to actually look at. And um although mo most people will buy s televisions and everything for uh that have loads of loads of little functions and everything and they mostly end up using simple functions and little things and most the people won't won't get too mad of actually having to go the to the s to the television to, for instance, tune in their the stations. There's no need to have that in the remote. So um um as for what I would recommend for uh the the interface design, and uh I will change the colours on the on the logo, but um we should go for the user-oriented device, so simple controls and good ergonomics. Um and uh although I th I th I'm still here recommending the teletext so I'll remove that, I guess, but um we should go for the Yeah. Yeah the they're basically aiming at saying that you would use you know a couple of years ago teletext to be the easiest way to check like for uh uh the scheduling and the next programme and stuff like that and now Yeah and now you can c look it over Internet. But I still think teletext is way more convenient until until we have the same commodities. Yeah, but it's not happen yet. Yeah. Yeah but we we don't we're not aiming a command for that. That's the thing. And all of those require the other commands with more complexity and more software and Yeah but we would increase the price to try to make it a trainable one, so Well I dunno. One way the other teletext was there but I guess we can remove it or, you know, make two separate interface designs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but we're not putting some there's no no putting anything in in the place of teletext. That's the problem. Yeah. No just I I would I would advocate for continuing teletext and those would be the basic commands. Um as for, you know, the the case design uh maybe I'll come up with more concrete ideas. Right now it's just the idea of simplicity and slickness, cute and small um Yeah. Yeah mm. Mm-hmm. But we th that should be design. That should be the design basically. I think technology we'd we we're not in the price range to do it. We don't have the money to do it towards t f technology so we should we should aim at design. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah y y you you wouldn't The interface will be different. Good design. Uh we should keep it simple, mm medium-low cost mar um cost area and uh make it look good. Yeah, complicated but Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah they are not simple. Yeah. Yep.