Uh 'kay. So Yep. Okay so we're here to talk about the detailed design of the product, 'kay? And here's the agenda for this meeting. Uh I'm just gonna open, say a few boring words to start with again, and start taking minutes afterwards. You guys are gonna give us a presentation of our wonder product that I can see some demonstrations of over there. Looks cool. And then we're gonna evaluate it. Then we're gonna talk about finance, and I've got a lovely Excel spreadsheet that I knocked up in the last five minutes for this. And uh yep. And we're gonna evaluate the product and close. Got forty minutes to do this in. We should be fine. Let's try and keep this one on schedule. So Your thing is in where is it? Is it in Who wants it? Zapping your favourite channels, eh? Oh okay okay. Ah 'kay okay, that's favourites. Ah 'kay. I like the the the the logo on there as well. It is very prominent. So this is the Okay. Ah, okay I see. It's pretty cool. Is that could that be easy to for the scroll wheel to be rotated if it lands on it? Oh well I guess it depends on the stiffness a little of it. Mm. Feels good. I take it that this is gonna be slightly lighter in the final design as well. Yeah it's kinda cool. You have to reach a little bit don't you. Ah yeah that wouldn't make sense. It's cool. I'm impressed. And hold it so wh what's the marketing perspective? Okay. Mm it's impressing. So let me get it, if I press this button I see. That's pretty cool. Hang on. I plan to do that as well. So the the two blue are are those for the the it to charge off of in? Ah okay okay. Yeah it's the right shape isn't it? But maybe if you had a trigger plus the scroll then that would get past the the problem of it landing and scrolling, 'cause then it would need to be hit on both sides. Okay. But it's definitely got options for like different types of models and things as well based on that, hasn't it? So is that the the final colour scheme as well or? Okay. The hmm. It came off. The scroll wheels, a problem with them not being sort of I don't think the user interface guy wants to touch it anymore. Mm. Okay enough of that. Well i it's cool guys. 'Kay so are we done with the this presentation? Okay. Now now. Have you? Okay. Can I not get your get at stuff from your shared folder now? Oh I see I see. Do you would you a argue that that we're better going for the higher cost than bringing it down into twenty f five as we probably could, but lowering our profit margins? Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. And we're actually quite open to be able to expand the product for a later version with those features quite simply anyway, aren't we? Th there's no fundamentally different technology to do that. Hmm. Yeah, the plus there's the the risk of making it unusable as well, or making it less b because at the moment it's actually very straightforward to look at all the buttons, you know what they do, it's very simple, and it just works. Mm there's a risk of that. Okay so we can talk about finance now. So I have a little spreadsheet for us where I I was wondering, you when you talked about the fifteen point eight Euros, I was wondering how you came up with that figure? Okay so I have bit of a spreadsheet here for this. Now I've made a f few assumptions here in that I'm assuming that our power adaptor we can make for a cost of four Euros, equivalent to solar cells, which I think is probably fair considering that we have in-house manufacturing of power adaptors already. Uh and I'm assuming that the locator beacon, the you know the Can be made for it sounded different that time uh can be made for a similar price to uh an L_C_ display, uh an uh Uh do you think that's fair coming from a m the manufacturing?. Okay. Yep. Okay. So we're down to sixteen point four, yeah. Is that a single-curved rather than a double-curved? We're not entirely sure what single-curve versus double-cur You think? Okay I'm convinced. But we save one Euro that way, yeah? So we come bring it down to Fifteen point four. Well hang on. Do don't speak so it's in here, in that w do we have any we have special form don't we? So that's yeah. But the the the we haven't talked about any special colour though uh I don't th if we're going for greys and silvers then I don't think we're O okay so we're Push-button, scroll wheel, we're basically we have uh th is this intended to be a button as well or just a scroll? Just a scroll? It's not one of the scrolls where, for example, with this one you could push it down to be a button? Okay then we have fifteen point eight Euros. It wasn't bad. Okay so we're on to the We're on to the pat-on-the-back part of the presentation, where we have a look at the criterias th that Paul the criterion criteria that Paul has has given us, and we can use that to tell How's it going? Anyone got any thoughts? How how have we done today? I think we did pretty well too. That looks pretty spectacular. Any other chang uh thoughts? Okay so th th what about um room for creativity? Is it the. I I think we we ended up being quite creative there. Mm. Not every idea necessarily, it's still a remote control. Uh no yeah but we did we did break with the specs a little bit I guess, but the uh 'Kay leadership, what do we report back to the bosses? No th th I think they were r reasonably flexible with us over the whole changing the specs thing. I agree. Synergy. Teamwork, yeah he is uh. What did we think of the meeting room, I guess is an important thing here. Mm. Yeah, this falls off and uh the white board worked really well without any pro Mm-mm, lapel. Wha okay, oh, alright. That's it's down, it's quite close. Keep it, keep it calm. Oh dear. No more pizza for me. So yeah the the pen came in alright and it's a little uncomfortable to use but I guess it works. Nah, I'm I'm not convinced of that at all. I've been wor I've been wondering about that all day, but see these look like they're that looks the oth that looks like it would be that way around, but it feels more comfortable, wh what you call upside-down. I don't care. Uh okay so that data might be slightly invalid. What new ideas have we found? Well let's do both then. Uh for the product? Yeah we came up with quite a bit. And for the meeting room, Has anyone got any more Yeah less sore on the ears. Okay so Are the costs within the budget? Nope. Oh hang on it really that's something we that the costs were under twelve fifty Euros. No requirements are changed. We're still under twenty Euros to build, so we're good. And the costs within the budget? Not the original budget, but they are now. Is the project evaluated? Mm I think so yeah, then celebration as it says. Oh I don't know how that got there. Uh anyway. Thank Thanks guys. Yeah, I've got a lot of paperwork to catch up on too. Oh.