Hello. Make a start yeah. So. Cable, camera. Should be in my in their folder no? Up. Um at three I think. No? Mm. Do we think w s in the in the wrong folder maybe? It is possible. It was somewhere in something like this. I don't remember the name actually must be something like messenger AMI or something. Go up. Yeah go up. Again. No. Go back. Uh maybe messenger AMI. Messenger. No. There is nothing. Let's go and check. I'll go and check. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So uh. Basically what we want here is a remote control right. So um the question well first of all what to control. So most people want to have a a remote for their hi-fi and T_V_ and stuff like that. And but other people want th also remotes for controlling uh and toys like robotic pets and little robots and stuff and other people also want to have remotes for controlling um whole house. Yeah, so there's a project I think called X_ house or something like that that does that, uh you can integrate your remote with uh computers stuff. So there is one that is one thing. The other is the the finder feature yeah by whistling or whatever. Uh if you have the finder feature then you can also have uh at the same time as and general voice commands if you want yeah. So I think it should be a package in that case. Uh so the user interface will consist of two parts. One is the voice command part and on one is the actual buttons part. Uh and th the buttons part would be uh a set of buttons for choosing devices, a set of buttons for special navigation in space, a set of buttons for linear access of medium and a set of buttons for random access. Yeah? Like a video tape goes forward, backwards, uh fast and stuff yeah. Um. Mm? Yeah. For special navigation for example you might have a T_V_ in the menu and you going to change yeah? Uh. Mm. Yeah and also parameter changing. So if there are common parameters maybe we should put special buttons for that um or maybe we could have everything uh generic but uh there are a lot of uh remotes on the market right now and basically this is most of the almost everybody has this stuff. Voice command w we could specify anything. We could assign any button a command to any button, if we have enough processing power, I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah I think so. Not so far. Where did you put it? mm. I'm designing the user interface. But what kind of remote controls did you look at? What kind of task was it? It was a T_V_? Huh. Uh-huh. Ah! Good. Other side yeah, yo wa your wrist. It i can become painful you can have tendonditis. Yeah. If you also up on a computer in a strange position. Ergonomic. But uh. Have to say ha ha. Mm-hmm. The first question. Mm. Mm. Mm I it's not true I think. The the second claim that you put. Yeah. I think that should be the same. I have uh I've no idea I mean I should know a bit more about how fast we can uh design it. I don't think Uh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Like a you feel a bit like a dog with this stuff. This will think this will take more time to develop also. Yeah. Soon. Yeah. So the only time problem is the sp voice recognition. Yeah. Yeah. Ten years. But we don't have time to market. I think we should contact management. Well. Uh How muc how much do you get how much do you if you buy one million units h no, one hundred thousand units. Eh chips. We're gonna need chips right. Yeah. How much will it cost for one hundred thousand? Okay. So you have any idea for a powerful one that has uh good enough for do speech recognition. Yeah? Okay. So. No it doesn't. Okay. Four million. Mh-hmm. A a lot of people are uh if you have the L_C_D_ screen if you can do it completely the way you want because the buttons also look the way you want them but it will be hard to configure I mean imagine i uh so it's really something for the expert user. So I mean there are markets and markets. I think the young people are th uh are uh Christine here said uh you have a uh it is yeah. So for our young people uh it will be cool, they can be able to use it. Th maybe their parents will not but they will configure it. I guess. I don't know if there is study about that. Mm. And there are another thing is that if we make something that's simple and easy to use that's bas to use immediately that means that it will be exactly the same as everything else. All right? Otherwise, if it's different then of course everybody has somebody has to learn to use it first. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But teletext is just one button. You you just write the write the numbers. So will you add with the channel keys, right? So. I am. I'm sure that uh it don't like but uh I don't see just one button. So. Mm-hmm. Capital. Well if it is going to be just a T_V_ remote control it is going to be very simple. Well if it's going to be as simple as possible then just have the remote control, there is no other function that I can see really. Uh no you want to keep television on so that the advertising can revenue can come back to us. Or something. It's a memory, yeah. And uh and of course the channel changing buttons. How should they how should we implement that? Because uh could be numerical only or could be also incremental. Mm-hmm. Mm. It's an interesting idea, that if you press it for a long time it does something else, in general. So if you you have your ten buttons for the for the numeric the numerical buttons and you have instead of having just one memory you have if you press them for a long time No. Doesn't work does it. Maybe we should have a complete keyboard and just type console commands. Change channel to eight. No. Well if it's useful like if if you want to change between three channels for example then you h you cannot you cannot cannot work with just memory being incremental. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah when you zap usually you will have to press the same button all the time and Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hey I just thought this thing there is a I mean you know there is are some with a wheel like this. Instead of having the up down buttons for uh you can have the wheel. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. On the lower side I think it you have to turn it. No? If we do that. Yeah. Because of that Because it's uh it's it's not like a volume which is smooth yeah? The channels change one by one. So you have to the user has to like to should feel the the the discrete sense a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Even if i L_E_D_ uh or a if if it's the L_C_D_ feature uh whatever, yeah. Yeah. I think it's only put on if cou have multi function. If you do not multi function then there is no p point in having L_C_D_. Just increase the cost. The user does not have an advantage really. Well if it's going to delay yeah but uh it will be cool. It would. Because a user could say C_N_N_ for example and it would go C_N_N_. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. What is the folder that you put yours in? And did it it did work? Ah yeah. Mm. Okay. Okay what is your email? At participant one. Okay. Well during lunch break actually. So next time we should have a fight. How about uh management or something. Who happens to be your friend.