Yeah. Well uh what comes up for me is that if we're gonna if we're gonna be marketing a product that is going to be uh having no teletext, people are very comfortable with the idea of having teletext and using teletext, and so we're not we're gonna be a new product without something that people are very comfortable having right now. So that's, from a marketing perspective I I see I see a lack. And so we have to go, I think, in the other direction. What are we gonna have that makes this thing better than Right. Yeah. No, I I agree with you. So what I'm talking about is I see that one side we're eliminating something so we have to come up with another side which is, what are we gonna be targeting our market uh that identifies our product as better than because it doesn't have teletext it has ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. So that's that's that was my reactions. Yeah yeah. Yep. Okay. Yeah. 'Kay. That's right. I think we take with you. That's what I'm that's what I'm talking about is is that we have to find something that is gonna be very attractive about this product 'cause somebody, some people are gonna be hap unhappy 'cause it took they can't ac access their teletext. Okay. 'Cause we're talking about eighty percent or ninety percent or ninety-five percent of the televisions out there are are teletext. So so it's it's not that I'm criticizing the product at all. It's just when we eliminate that then what do we bring? What are we bringing in to take the place of this, and we have to d in my opinion we have to double up. If we lose one we need to bring two or three. So you have this? Now is would this be considered just a standard uh um This is not this is not cutting edge technology we're talking here. We're talking about existing technology. Nothing is being modified or upgraded or new discoveries. Okay. Okay. N okay. Mm. Mm the shell? Okay. I have maybe a silly question. I in the very beginning it said with the with the advent of computers there's gonna be the it's gonna be out-moded teletext. I I don't understand how those two things are connected. How does how does computers and teletext h how why is one eliminating the need of the other? I don't understand that. Okay. Yeah 'cause, yeah, I just I don't see the cross-over between computers and television. I mean I do see the cross-over in some sense, but but but but with the the remote is is used for television, okay. So so if we make the cross-over and we're gonna view television on computers then we're then we're losing the the necessity of the remote. S Okay. Okay. Yeah I don't I don't see the logic. I I don't see the logic in elimination of teletext, I just I I but I'm not a tech-mind either. I just don't see the cross-over between computers and and and 'Cause we are designing something for a television, okay. We are selling it to an existing market. That's Yeah, and and, yeah, and and we're also marketing a product. It's what I'm seeing is a is a mid-range cost product. So so w we can't go and pump a whole bunch of technology into this thing because all of a sudden we are gonna have cost overruns. So if we drop if we are gonna choose to drop teletext, again what are we adding to the product that makes it marketable? I don't I don't see it, and to me if I'm gonna market a product for b for beauty for for design I'm gonna I'm gonna try to market it at a much higher price. I need to make it special with a high price tag. I don't want to make it economically uh g uh competitive. I want I want to market it as exclusive. So I would market this product it at eighty-nine Euros and come up with some really beautiful exterior design or something th but but I don't think we have that flexibility. No I no I I understand what you say, but what I'm what I'm, okay we probably need to move along, but my my concern is trying to find a marketing niche for this product, and if I'm coming in with a with with twenty-five Euros, which is mid-market price, um then what am I going to give these people for this? So that's just my question, but we can keep talking. Yeah. Oh P Pedro, I just want to say quickly I I would really like it when you can come up with some more bells and whistles, eh. You know sell uh things come to my mind is uh uh something that's uh um voice-activated. I know we're getting into some, I hope, some big money on this thing, but Is that for over here? Okay, alright. That's 'Cause uh and I think of voice-activated I think of of how many times I've I've lost my my remote and I can't find it. So some way that I can I can find my remote by clapping my hands or something uh and and so so um But this 's just something. I'm trying to find some bells and whistles 'cause when they talk about tel taking out teletext, it's like, what are we gonna put in? What makes this thing attractive? And it's only for televisions. So we everyth our our competition out there has got these these multiple adaptors where they can use 'em for their V_C_R_s, their D_V_D_s, their their televisions and we're coming out with one remote for television only. And so to me we have to make this a really special product I I I don't s I really have to say I don't see the market niche for this product. At this price I don't see it yet. I'm I I go along with this, because this is what we're given to try to market, but I I don't see the market niche for this product without without some really sort of something really special to identify it as as unique in the market. Yeah. Okay. Have to do you have to do it in the box? Okay well, so so that's up to you then to to make this box in something that's absolutely extraordinary. Maybe make it in the form of a gun. We can sell it in United States. Well you know for marketing f marketing for me is uh and uh how do I go here? Okay. Go go. Is that right? Ah-ha. Yeah, what for me is it um I d I don't know what I'm marketing right now, okay, 'til you spoke and when I wrote this, I don't know what I'm marketing. I just know that I I was identified as a a we identified ourselves as a as a developer, as a manufacturer, and as a as a um distributor t to other wholesalers. And so the th the twenty-five Euros that we've identified as the sale price is a wholesale price rather than a retail price. That's what we decided here. Um so what I did is I I decided that that this this needs to be a product in a in a sense can market itself. So what we've identified here as our main marketing stratagem is is in design. We're making the most beautiful attractive uh whatever we decide it is. So that means we have about seven more minutes or ten minutes left. Um so I would like to have a product that that we can sell easily. So I say inspiration, so having something beauty, something attractive, uh something that in a sense will sell itself. Uh innovation I think fits into what we're talking about here with design. Uh cutting edge technology, I don't think we're gonna have that, these were ideas I was putting together, um unless we come up with some New Age product a as far as the casing is concerned. I I wanna make this thing something that I can identify as special in some way, so maybe we can have some I I talked about environmentally sensitive, uh maybe we have a product that can be identified in some way as advantageous in a home. I don't know. These are just thoughts. Uh I wanted to talk about uh who we are as a as a corporation, that we're new, we're aggressive, we're competitive, we're we're trying to provide a product from a new perspective rather than from an old corporate line. So to me it's about selling d uh our identity our corporate identity along with the product. Um what I found is that the projected costs are competitive. Uh we're kind of in the middle of the market, but what I'm seeing is that the market is ready for I I identified new technology, but again, because what I see is budget restrictions and limitations, I don't know that we can bring any new technology into this thing. If if we could have a technological something Mm p please. Solar. But solar Blah, I like it. I like the idea, but we're talking about in cost is gonna probably double. But boy, we can sell this thing, because there's no batteries, it's environmentally sensitive, i we can identify it as a safer product in some form. Yep, that's right. I really see But the cost i No no. No no, we have t we have to change the end cost. There's uh I mean I don't see it anyway. Yeah, that's gonna be up to these guys. I my reaction is no, but Well, see I I see I I'm an advocate to make this an exclusive product. You know, let's let's sell this wholesale for for fifty Euros, sixty Euros. Let's make this thing really exclusive, environmentally sensitive, uh high-tech design, uh ergonomics, all of this. Just make this thing uh, yeah, the the the Rolls Royce of of remote controls. Every home's got to have it. If you don't have one, hey what kind of remote do you have? Oh you've got one of those, oh fantastic, I want one of those too. I just don't have enough money right now. Yep, one one thing I don't understand is h they've they've given us this package, okay. Now uh in my opinion we need to give them a package back, okay. They say they say okay here you go. They gave us a fundament a foundation of of what they want, and and w it's our place to kinda analyse and evaluate. I don't think it's our place to create their product for them, maybe it is. I don't know what kind of role we have in this in the corporate ladder uh, but to me it's like, okay, you have got your here's our ideas, okay. And then let them look at those ideas and they say, yeah well, we can we can raise the price twenty percent, you know we like this idea, this idea no, but to me it's it's about a choice, do we follow their directives or do we make uh presentations back and and then and then discuss? beca I I do not I do not see the market niche for the product that they're handing f handing us right now. I don't see it. Right. No I understand that. Nope, they've identified the product as not working for anything but televisions. They've identified this product limita That's why I say I don't I don't see the market niche for this. If we if w if we were going to have a product that worked for D_V_D_s, V_C_R_s and everything, then I can see the market niche, but we we're only identified as going for televisions without teletext. And it's like whoa we ha in my opinion we have to go with something that's extremely exclusive to make this thing marketable, because who wants just a television remote? I don't. That's right. I I I have a tendency to agree with you. I really do. That's why I say I quest I q I question the marketability of the product. I really question where we create the demand. W okay if you if you drop the cost, now if you make if you make go to the other side of the cost scale, and you make it less expensive, then all of a sudden now we're going into an a a new market area. So we can say low-cost uh uh um uh good design, beautiful, wa-da-da-da-da-da. But what I'm saying is right now we're middle market. Yeah for for multi for a multi-function remote, that's a mid-market price. In a discount right now you can buy 'em on sale sometimes for about about uh eighteen, nineteen Euro, and that's for the multi-functions, uh D_V_D_, V_C_R_, uh catch-alls. And and they have 'em in a little box in the middle, and and this is the consciousness that most people have about replacement remote controls. So to me, to market this a t only a television remote control we have to change consciousness. We have to have something that will change people's thinking to identify this as advantageous, and I don't know what that is. It's gotta be low-cost or high-cost with with special design features. Or my d I mean I I well we g we're talking about the other end now. I like it. I like the idea, but we have t we have to find out Well. Mm. Well, I think again it's it we have a cost issue here. You know if we're gonna go in this direction, to me we're going to the other side of the cost range. Are we gonna make this selling selling the cost as a high high-tech uh um environmentally sensitive whatever, or are we gonna go to the lower side of the range? Again I don't see our market niche in the middle for our product yet. I don't see it yet. W a question I have in in a 'cause I I I think I agree with you on, we gotta make it a box. The box is gonna sell it I think, the outside, the casing. Can can can we have multiple designs? Have a modern, have a traditional, have a you know, and so so instead of them all looking the same, people can have maybe four or five different designs they can choose from. I don't know what that creates cost, or Yep one over another. Yeah, okay, I hear that. What ab what ab what about a a remote that's that doesn't maybe look like a remote? Just an idea. Just just okay 'cause I mean we all know what a remote looks like on the outside. They're selling these things everywhere. Maybe that could be part of our design exclusivity, is we make a remote that doesn't even look like a remote it it opens like a telephone. Doesn't matter, yeah. I'm just jus I talking about some something to make this thing unique. It That's the thing, I'm gonna keep thumping on. I'll sell whatever you guys design. I don't have a problem selling a product, that's not the issue. I give you ideas, you guys create the product. Once you have the finished product I'll find a way to sell it. Don't worry about it. I just give you these things now, because these are my thoughts and feelings. No no. One thing I just thought about when you were saying that, is that the p our target market is gonna be someone who has lost or broken We gotta stop? Who's lost or broken their their remote. So how many remotes do they wanna buy? Can we p can we sell them a remote that can maybe guarantee they will not need to buy another one? And so with with with this kind of system or locator or something, to to think about, how have people been been losing or breaking their remote? How does this happen? And and then and then design the product, maybe some component of the product that can identify this as the last one you'll ever need to buy. uh we can make it in the shape of a coffee pot. It's uh just it's that I think it's telling us to stop our meeting. So we have the c we probably have have on-line in our in our system, we have the ability to create this, we're talking about. A charging system. If if we can create this we have probably five or six or seven really strong marketing characteristics. No that's not what I want, I want Oh look it here.