Mm. Mm. Mm. Sorry. What is this single curved what does it mean? So it's it's not Yo l yeah. When you hold on it, it is comfortable to hold. Okay. Yeah. And the battery, is it kind of a rechargeable or it doesn't matter? That that's what it means by kinetic. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We we might check with our R_ and D_ department to see if they have this product ready for market. Mm mm. Wha Ah the department. Mm. Uh So I um keep in touch with the R_ and D_ department. So the titanium case is the normal case that I'll show you some pictures that I have and you tell me whether they are titanium case or not. 'Cause I am not very sure, plastic, titanium or whatever. There's another point I want to make, is that the uh well you've seen them I le na my presentation that um I point out some why buttons are not the mm not the only ways you can use Yeah. Yeah, maybe n Yeah. So the user interface is uh i it uses the aspect uh of a computer system, a programme which can be seen or heard or otherwise perceived by the human user and the commands and mechanism the user uses to control its operation and input data. So you s this gives you the ways to input data and we have uh we are more we emphasise more on the graphical user interface here. The idea is to represent buttons as figures, diagrams, symbols and on so you you can easily when you look at the symbols you understand what it is doing. Yeah. Yeah. So. Ea easy to use. So next one. function five. So I can use the button, the mouse maybe. Yeah. So next line. So the here are some examples. So they cluster the buttons together. They group them into col they colour them and uh they have different forms as well. Mm but this interface are kind of confusing. Uh basically there are too many buttons. Right. Next one. So some people are propose voice recognition and so ah by the way I receive an email from the from one our departments saying that the voice recognition has been used in the coffee machine for this by a company when you tell the you say good morning coffee machine and the machine are reply to you. So I just got an email saying that. And it seems like this voice recognition technology is ready to be used so we might consider that, supposedly. The next one. Mm so somebody some people use uh some people use a spinning wheel th with the L_C_ display so instead of using the mm buttons you have a L_C_D_ screen and then there you can u you can use that as buttons, you can use that as real so so that could be an option as well. Touch screen, I mean. Next one. And some people propose a scroll button. Integrated with push buttons or you may have scroll button instead of p just the push button. Like the one we have here. Uh, next one. So mm so there are a few aspects that I collected here. So s basically this deals with special users, children, handicapped people, old people, and uh mm and prog basically they are programmable, specially for children. And uh mm yeah yeah. And then they also secure uh covers, to protect uh secure and hidden programming and battery covers that will protect your settings. So But we don't have to integrate all these complicated features. I'm just saying that the currently in the market there are there are control there are remote controllers f customisable for different people. Yeah, so that's the point. The next one. And uh you see this is the one where you have the protection cover. Mm maybe useful for children, they migh you you they only see the buttons outside. And for adults wh where you have more control you can see the one inside. So the adults might wanna have a key to lock that to pr so children will not touch the button inside. Yeah. The next one. So this guy this is another company that provides big buttons. At I see that that is useful for old people and then you don't get it lost. But for our product we don't need a big one because you have voice recognition e eventually with use. And you can call your remote controller if you don't know where it is. T_V_ remote controller where are you? And then, he will beeps and to say that I am here, for example. Is it possible? Uh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And uh, this is another one where you can uh the the the part that's a V_ standing for the volume. So there's a up arrow and a down arrow. But you the see that in the V_, the V_ appears to be the down arrow on the top on the top up arrow if you up arrow there's a V_ like as as if it's turning down so it's confusing interface, so I wanna avoid this kind of thing in the design. And here are is uh here is a s short summary that I summary that I compiled after the findings I found. Big buttons are convenient, voice recognition helps, push buttons, scroll buttons, spinning wheels can be used as navigation tools. And uh user customisable is important and finally simplicity simplicity is the key. Yeah. So we have many concepts there but we have to choose later on which ones are important to be used. And basically uh Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Okay. A help button. So you are display on the screen. So on the T_V_ screen. Okay. Okay. Okay. So that eliminates all the complicated documentation, okay. So wi Yeah. Mm. Mm. Well uh what I s propose is that uh you know a remote controller, i it could be a cube, is uh a small device that uh looks like a cube and maybe you can just change the um the buttons, if you ch turn one side you get one one buttons, you turn the other side you get the other buttons, so for maybe new generation people who get used to the computer they want lots of controls. Small Yeah. Let's see the market demand. What what market yes yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mm. Oh. Big screen. Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm. The thing Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you re-use the existing screen, we element eliminate the L_C_D_, after all the L_C_D_ just to display and if you have the colourful screen you can make the display colourful, fancy, as fancy as the one on the L_C_D_, maybe even better. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. More on a fancy design. Yeah. Mm. Remember we have a s budget for the cost of producing the remote controller. Yeah. So i is so the thing is you can find out how much an L_C_D_ will cost and then we'll decide again. Uh maybe you can find out the price and tell us next time. Is i if i Yeah. Yeah. And also the cost for the speech recognition. Ask our R_ and D_ department. Yeah. Yeah. And ho Yeah. And also the scroller button, how much will it cost. Yeah. Don't use the buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Important. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, yeah. So so the at most more power uh. Yep. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. I if Mm. Mm. Yeah. I think that there's no contradiction here, because if there are few buttons, you don't have to look at your your controller any more because you know where the buttons are, so if you wanna control the screen d sh sharpness you just say sharpness and then you t turn you just press lef increase or decrease button and the same for the volume and the channel, if you had the speech recognition there you just shout your channel, just tell your channel and then you don't even have to look at the butto at the controller so finally that wil eliminates the the need for L_C_D_, with the help of speech recogniser you can Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. A and Mm. Where, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Put it back at the charge. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Th yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. There's mm. Mm. Yeah. That we can what we can do is we can program a function whereby when you press the switch off T_V_ button, the off button, the remote there be s uh instruction on the screen, please charge charge me. You never get it lost because uh every time you're off the computer the T_V_ you are asked the the command the T_V_ com remote controller would tell you to put it back to where to the charger. Yeah. So you will never get lost yeah. Yeah. Yeah because everything is programmed inside. So it's it's uh it's all about strategy, y Mm. Mm. Yeah, yeah. With uh two two two parts controller. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. these are probl yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. I think we need to define also a s the set of vocabularies for the speech recogniser because uh if you want uh say we can sort by channels or sort by T_V_ programs, you have to decide a category of vocabularies for them. If numbers, they're easy, but if name the channel by by name Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. But I I I think that the user would like wou would like to associate the channel or call the channel rather than than the numbers. You say numbe channel number five of the T_V_ correspond to something else in the channel. So some people may want to say, I want to see this channel. Yeah. Check with the v R_ and D_ department the capability of recogniser. Uh? Well, it's convenient for the user. The uh uh mm. Mm. I I think that I have mm mm I think there's another way you can do is that uh you can uh if when the user ch press a button to choose the channel for example, then what you can do is that the you can make the T_V_ screen to split them into small little little squares of images where you you you have a snapshot of every channel, so let's say it's a four by four matrix of the images, so now what you do is f looking at the all the sixteen channels available at one time, you just use the control button uh, you just you you just choose the the option you want and then you just hit the button and then you go to that channel. So Mm. So you you don't use the speech recogniser in that way. Oh, okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I wanna watch this, I wanna watch that. Mm. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Well, you you stay a five minutes.