'Kay, do you wanna open the I'm number two. That's it. I'll do the notes. Yeah, thanks. So um well I I figured uh we should um identify some user requirements, and from my experience, I wanna uh, and from research I did, uh the the device has to turn the television on and off the first time you press on the big button, you can't uh can't have like uh waffling on this point, you know. Really have It needs to be able y y have to be able to find it. Because one of the biggest problems with remote controls is finding them. So uh, I also, since we have to establish our corporate image on the basis of this new product, thought we better look at things that are popular and um ex go beyond those, and, as I said in the first meeting, um and then uh we might wanna talk eventually about the materials that are appropriate to use in uh in the construction, especially in the the uh the outside of the product so that it gives the appearance, and it is reliable, and so forth. I did a little history on uh the the uh remote controls and when they were invented and so forth, so, I guess this guy Zenith uh created the Flashmatic, which I kinda like the idea, 'cause it made me think of um um maybe the remote control made a big flash when uh you turn the T_V_ on and off, that might be interesting. And um so it was highly directional flash light that uh you could turn the picture on and off, and the sound on and off, and change channels c so I think um those are still requirements we have today, uh fifty years later. And uh it was really a pioneering innovation, but it was uh sensitive to the sun, so that uh it would get would start off by the you'd get it would easily cause um problems. So, uh I in addition to uh looking at the um uh the functional requir so all these devices are examples of where uh mm they represent examples that are available today which I think the one in the middle is r um really uh something to keep in mind. It'd be easy to find. And um it would uh y you'd you could throw it at things if if the T_V_ didn't turn on and off, you could use it for something else. And since I'm not really um Industrial Designer, I didn't really know what to do with this slide. But um I just took some different uh schematics and I put them into this, and I guess this is what a slide might look like if you were drawing a circuit board. I don't know why um we were asked to do this. So, uh personal preferences, um I think we could uh I I'm really thinking outside the box here, and I think that we should consider perhaps having an an an a a size uh a remote control that changes in size depending on the user preference. So something that's very very flexible and inflatable and then you could shrink it. I think um it could either be you could go either one extreme, be very colourful, or you could make it clear, and um kind of blend in with things, so you didn't have to um uh have a problem with the th the decoration of the of the user's home. Um I think uh it needs to be waterproof, because uh sometimes they fall into cups and, you know, it might be out by the swimming pool or something like that. Um if you uh mi one of one of my requirements was about needs t to tell you when it's done its job or not, because half the time, I keep pushing on the remote control, and I don't know if it's actually understood my message, so I think it should give you some sort of an oral cue. And uh, course I never wanna replace the battery. So, that's those are my f preferences, and that's my presentation. Yes. Run over it with a car. Good idea. Good idea, I'll I'll uh um Yes, very good. Hmm. Titanium. Titanium would be be heavy, too, wouldn't it? No, I haven't really um I wanted feedback, I think we need to rate rank these, but we'll see what your uh personal preferences are and your thoughts. I like titanium. It's light. Uh yeah but uh who who said who said we were, you know, nobody told me how mu what our financial objective is, so um It'd be hard to inflate something ou made out of titanium though. Not fat? Not fat, huh. Might be hard to find, though. Oh, okay. Speech recognition?. D uh I'm sorry? Well, uh training is always an issue with uh commands. So um might uh we can perhaps um do it if the user is willing to spend some time in the training process, uh it could reduce th th uh the overall um cost. Not sure how. But um anyway, um I I think also that uh this might impact the battery life. And um so, maybe what we'll have to do is um add something where you can um recharge it wirelessly so that uh y you know sen send power to it. So uh or maybe uh set it out in the sun and it uh, you know, gets uh, from the light, um a a solar cell inside there so that uh you have enough uh juice to do all these fancy things. Off. Very good point. Okay, we'll find that out. Oh, it's um, seems very understandable. Clearly your research and uh and ours uh heading in the same direction, and um uh the only thing that I saw missing from uh your your research that we found was this uh ability to find the doggone thing when you need it. So uh, you know, but that's okay. That's why we're all here at the table, so that if we think of it and our research indicates certain things and um w we it's complementary. I also think that um uh th f the the feel of it is uh, when you hold it, is something that um uh was expressed more in in in in my uh design and that's logical and normal 'cause those are the parameters that an Industrial Designer's more thinking about, th th the look and the feel, and uh, you're First. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay, so I don't have any questions. Sounds good. Do you wanna go back and look at the closing slide, maybe that would provide some guidance? Doesn't really tell us. Well it says individual actions, it says user interf so I'm supposed to do the components concept, supposed to work on the user interface concept, and you're supposed to keep watching the trends. Um and specific instructions will be sent by our our coach. I think we should do as many features as uh start with all of them right now and eliminate them later in the process, that's my suggestion. You can object if you want to I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting, 'cause w our meeting time has run out. Somebody else has go to use this room, and, you know, we can't hang out here and talk about this, so Thank you very much.