Welcome back. Welcome back everybody. So this meeting agenda will be the detailed design meeting. And uh opening and uh P_M_s of the meet minutes, uh prototype presentation from uh Christine and uh Agnes. Yes and uh evaluation criteria. The finance, it's uh from my side, from the management, and uh production evaluation. Then uh closing. So we have forty minutes to discuss and uh finalise and close the product and project and to move further, okay, so Okay, let's talk about uh maybe first uh for the prototype. So I handle to So shall I go to sorry. Yep. S Okay, let's go to A_M_I_. So in two or three or Yeah. Yes. Mm-hmm. I think the microphone is on on the top, uh on the middle, the under the flip. So that will be the safe, so p any the chip it's not on the chip because you need to have microphone to Yes. Uh it's it's Yeah, but uh uh my opinion I think it's better under the flip because whenever you want to uh the talk, okay, so then you can speak then you can close it. But if you put it on the on the flip, okay, then uh technical I don't think it's uh feasible, 'cause most of the time you speak then it will be recognised. Yeah, the sides maybe is good. So That's good idea. Yes. So it's maybe good idea. Yes. Yeah. So it's maybe good idea. S s Okay. S I'm fine, I'm satisfi I'm satisfied. Of course it's it's it's looks more heo heavy, but I think when it's completely maybe it's a less weight. Yes. Yep. That's your uh prototype model? Okay, that's good, thank you very much. So any comments or uh Okay. Yes, that uh So I'll come back to the So evaluation criteria, I think uh that will be good, so then let's come to the finance uh, I have some uh calculations which I made uh as for uh the budget. So here you can uh look like uh the energy and uh dynamo and uh kinetic and solar cells. Uh it's optional, somewhat optional and Ed wants the chip on print, that's what uh we were talking about that. So then we have sample sensor and sample speaker, then uh we have the wood material, then special colour and push button. So it's uh actually, our budget was uh twelve point five Euro, but uh it's coming to nine point nine five Euro, so we are under uh below the budget, okay, so still we are saving some money. I think it's a good figure. Than thank you. So maybe it's for some money we can utilise for our uh marketing, for the sales, okay, and uh It's not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, so still uh we have twelve point five Euro. Yes. Yeah, but Yes. Yep. Yes. This we are talking about one unit, okay, so when it go into the quantity, okay, and the cost will come down. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. But anyhow, still we are under control, okay, so what uh I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors, okay, to get uh the production cost less, okay, so then we can save some money, okay, to put into th our marketing or uh you know the promotions, whatever, okay, so that uh I will look after. I will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down. Yes. You're in four? TrendWatch. Okay. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yes. Yep. Of course. Yep. Yep. Yes. Yes. To the agents. Yes. Or eBay, or Yes. Yeah, that's a good idea. To impro more profit and uh Yeah, yes. Yeah. We can. I don't think that's uh not possible, it's uh okay then, l uh let's wait for the production, okay, then uh you can evaluate the product, so how it looks like technically and uh how it look like uh the real. T Oh but Yes it's it's very quick, of course. It will uh come back in two weeks, okay, it will be ready in two weeks. For evaluation, okay. Yes, the prototype uh prototype product evaluation. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. So you can take a minimum two weeks to a maximum four weeks. Yeah. Yeah, because we we are not going to do it in uh our factory, okay, so we can give it a product evalua Yes, yes. So we'll do it in the other place, and I don't think it's take more than four weeks time. Or uh Okay, so then the real production we will start once we product evaluation, okay, then uh it's approve from uh the technical team and uh your team, okay, uh from the management, then we can launch in the market. Hm? S Any any other uh questions or uh comments to be discuss? Okay, so then uh Okay uh, let's take like this. Let's proceed with this model, okay, for the for the marketing direction, okay. So no more changes will be made, okay, in this the basic design. Okay? So we will introduce m this model and uh let's introduce in the market and let's take the feedback from the customers, then we can uh go for the second generation. Okay. There's no end, there's not limit. Every every custom Okay. Well, every customer, okay, they have their own ideas, they have their own test, okay, so there's no end, there's no limit. Yeah, so that's the reason you are here for uh the design, okay, I hope you made a good design. Yeah, but uh see, we ought to take a few considerations, okay, one is the price consideration, one is future consideration, okay, like uh you can eat uh you can all eat more chi I can eat more chilli, okay, so i it's a depends on the individual taste, you know, so we have we have to balance somewhere. Yes. Yeah. The sports time. Football. Football. Yes. Yes. Yes. Research. Yep. Yes. Yes, the that of course uh I will convince the management to do that, okay. Sure, sure, yes.. Yeah. That's the reason Ed is here. I think he can promote the the brand value and the product value. Yes. We are behind the scene and he is the front screen, so. He's on the big screen. Okay, so then uh let's come to the closing and uh are the costs within the budget and uh is the product evaluated, okay, so that will uh come soon. Okay for uh but our time being, so thanks for all your efforts and great work and uh great design and uh let's leave it to the Ed for later for once production is over and the meantime let's celebrate. So let's meet up uh this evening to hang up for some party. 'S good. Thank you. Thank you again for all. And see you in the evening for drinks.