Oops. That's as far as it goes. Do you also do marketing? And I'm Christine, and my role in this uh scenario is to be the industrial designer. But I'm not really one. What is the goal of the project? Um no, I I have not begun working on the design, and um I uh I actually didn't know we were designing a remote control, I thought we were designing a new monitor. Um the website I went to look at had some announcements about an introduction of a um uh some sort of a seven inch um monitor, and um I understood that that was the project goal. So um I'm glad I didn't d do any work um ahead of time because uh I clearly didn't understand the project goal. Um I just did s see that we were starting a new project together and there was going to be a four member team composed of these people, and um that's about uh that's and I I read through the different steps, and what my responsibilities were relative to the steps. Uh for the industrial design? Um well, I would th think that depends on how much money you give us. Um because uh, you know, you can uh you can make it uh you have different choices with different financial models. Well, you know um, I kind of think that in general you have to do uh um y you have to have something that's very fashionable, that's uh very attractive that um people see and recognize uh its goal, and uh they immediately wanna have it uh have one of their own. So it would really would need to um something like the iPod would be good, seems to have caught on fairly well, so um d uh you know, I don't care what it does, just so it looks cool. Well, uh I've got a lot of other projects I'm doing right now um and so I'll have to wait and see how those uh how those go. If they uh go quickly then uh it could be a month. If um if I run into any problems in my other projects it might be six months. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And when would you like that? Uh well if uh if we have enough time uh then d do you think um two weeks is a is close enough? Uh are there other people who will be contributing to the plan? Okay, I'll get back to you on that. Would you mind um at the conclusion of our meeting could could you send us a copy of your slides? Thank you.