Good morning. Well, I think we should set the the points to to drive the project and uh Yeah, from the account manager. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I think our uh responsibilities will be assigned when we in our mail we received from the account manager. Uh No, I'm doing the interface. Yeah I I'm I'm Well, maybe we have okay so I industrial design. It was a little confusion about my uh but it's alright. Yeah. User. Well, I think we can have a little discussion about what has to be done and what are your ideas about the Well, w we want to have a new re remote control for for T_V_ distribution I guess. So we have to plan how how it would be developed and uh how we can make it work. Yeah, I dunno I Yeah. Well I I think that Norman and I would think about um the technical points and um we should discuss it in the next meeting, or Yeah. Well, you have to make it work. That's the that's the big thing. Yeah. We can think about an interface with uh well Yeah, yeah. I I think if you want t to choose uh from a list of programme or or something like that you you may have to to use uh w uh I dunno Yeah. Yeah. On the content. Yeah, yeah it's it's a good idea it's a good idea but I I think that technically it would be um a little bit uh uh more tricky to to achieve this than just to Yeah yeah. Well I I I I think that j just by using navigation buttons and the user interface on the screen we are able to uh navigate uh through the Well channel programme or contents or in an easy way, so Yeah in the dis display on the T_V_ screen and just uh with the with your remote control would just navigate through the f Yeah, yeah. So I think for for the technical points we have to to to check how to gather the data from programme or contents and all this stuff Oh right so Please, Norman, draw uh Okay. Yeah, by content or by channel, it's a good idea. And uh we we have to find a way how to gather information about the contents. Yeah. I think i it's not very difficult to to browse by channel but it's a little bit tricky to browse by contents so I think that's the the things to do and uh to uh reflect about it and uh discuss it in the next meeting. Okay. Thank you everybody. Okay.