My name is Ed and I do accounting. E_D_. Mm. No. Accounting, yes. Marketing is uh, is me. Well I think that we'll see that throughout the day in how we're going to put this together as a marketing to to market the product. We'll have to see on a through discussion on where we're gonna go from here and from with this. Uh for the moment not yet. Good question. No, this is like I said that we have to be discussed between all of us and we'll go from there. We'll have to simply we'll have to work on it together. Certainly by the next meeting. I'm in the sales I'm supposed to explain them what to do. We have to define exactly what our product is, from uh From what I had in mind we're supposed to be marketing coffee, is that right? Remote controls, 'cause I had two different things. I had a first part of mine was to make a remote control for a new f remote control for television, and afterward I had a discussion about coffee so we'll start with the remote control for television then. So we're have to design something that is very user friendly. Something uh visual that has something that will will draw people to buy the product, because I think everybody's experienced with uh remote controls, and some remote controls are are worth uh throwing out the window. Uh th most of them ar I don't know we're have to come up with a new idea on how to make it a lot easier to use, 'cause a lot of times uh spend uh half a day through the instruction book trying to figure out how to use it. Well not yet other than uh doing research and taking remote controls and looking what other companies have to do uh, what they're building, their designs, their ideas, uh also have to pinpoint which market we're gonna go into. It should be a fairly large market because uh the number of people that uh the competition, uh th I agree it has to be something it has to be something new, it has to be something that that draws people saying eh, I like this. Whether it works or not, they have to first say I like this, I like the design, and then it's gotta be simple to use. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Do we already have a cost limit on this, th an idea of how much uh we want to market this for, how much it's gonna sell for, that's up that's up to us to decide, eh? Very good. Very good. No.