So we can start? Suppose I have to do my presentation. Eh um So, I'll present myself, I'm Ada Longmund, and as you may know it, I'm the pr project manager. So um we will have to um speak about m the project. Our project project is to create um a new remote control and as you may know there's lot of industrials interesting in creating a remote control, so the remote control has to be original, trendy and um user-friendly. Record. So the project method is the following. So if we're um the functional design, you have to do uh any individual work and uh also work with uh meetings talking with each other. Uh it will be the same for the conceptual design and also the same for the detailed design. Uh. The tool training is to try out the white board, so Maybe you can draw your favourite animal and make a list of its favourite characteristics. I don't know if we have to do it now, maybe later later. So the selling price of the product will be twenty five Euros. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's quite good price, yeah. And uh it will uh be a an international remote control, as we want to sell it in the entire world, and the product costs will be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes. So, as you will discuss about the remote control you will have to experience your um with the remote control. Um just uh maybe be imaginative with remote const con controls, try to create something new and people would like to to buy. And and the next meeting will start in thirty minutes, so you'll ha all have your spethisfispis specif specific role and you know I suppose you know what you have to do. And uh you will have to work on the design and also to work on the design of th technical fun functions of the remote control and think of the user requirement specifications. Yeah. I_D_, yeah. So So I will manage all all the group. So you have questions? So you all know what the parts of the work you have to do. Mm-hmm. And you? Mm okay. Hmm. I suppose you have to design it and you have to take care of the industrial way to transform it. And i maybe you will transform it. Maybe, it is the outside and the inside. And yeah. And when designing y the remote control just remember that uh it has to be a kind of international product. So you don't have to do something really specific, as everybody everybody will have to use it, it's sor the same as keyboards. You know, you have Qwerty, Azerty, French and U_K_ keyboard, so really the remote control to be international. And not too expensive. As we want to maximise the benefit. Yeah, you have to keep in mind that the product cost won't be maxim more than twelve dot fifty Euros. And to be sure that really people will be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that don't exist in the mm existing remote controls now. So, is it okay? So you think we have to do it now? You want me to draw something? Product manager okay, let's go, I will try. No. A mouse is not too difficult. Mouse is okay. You love the eyes. Yeah, that was the eyes. A clown. Rabbit. It's a rabbit. Yeah. Thank you. You forgot the chips. Fish and chips. Of Oh.? Oh yeah. Yeah, I think yeah. Just have to present project, discuss a little bit about it. Yeah. So, if you have questions. It's okay? You know your job? you know your job? You know your job? Okay.