Okay so we are just waiting for Matthew. Mm 'kay. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah I think yeah the Matthew it is it's important that Matthew yeah is here because it's really a a team uh project with a team and if someone is not here then we cannot but it's okay it's good. Mm-hmm. So can you repeat and be more precise about what you just said? Uh about the feeling yeah uh yo Okay. Yeah. Yeah that's a very good idea, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah very clear. To let the people choose, you mean? Yeah. Yeah a range of uh yeah, a set of three, four different aspects. Sure that fits the Yeah. Yeah yeah I agree. Yeah. And your part is very related to mine because when you suggest something then it has to be integrated inside. Yeah.. Yeah. So what functionalities do you suggest for that? For facing this problem? Okay. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah yeah yeah mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And you want okay for coming back to one point y you want to let the user to programming the keys? Some of them? And uh isn't that too difficult for the we want w I don't know if we still want the um R_C_ to be easy to use, that's the compromise. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A standard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm yeah like I would say that for programming uh keys, you said, uh it could be uh easily uh done within the the package of twel twelve Euros, but for the A_S_R_ system, uh I'm not sure if it's feasible to have this or We Exactly yeah i if if it's a low vocabulary it's already implemented, and w how much it's cost, maybe with a f cheap chip. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. It's true. Mm-hmm.. I don't know how if if I have time to talk about the Okay. So what I'm gonna present here is very uh um yeah basic knowledge about the all the the components that are inside a a R_C_ a remote control, and how is it manufactured h what is the process, just to explain you. So the method is ther there is a a set of components in a in a remote control like, and uh what cost the the components in themself do not cost a lot but the the way to assemble everything costs obviously, and I will uh show you my preferences uh uh at the end. So there are two uh different types of uh um Two different ways of using the the components for making a a remote control. Uh the basic way is to use a an integrated circuit and some uh transistors with an that aims at communicating uh uh the message and to to send the message to the um to the led that will uh transmit to the receiver. And uh yeah the other components and the circuit board buttons, infrared, led, etcetera, for the components um. So you finding, just to say that the chip can detect uh when a key is pressed, and then it translate to the key, to a sequence, something like morse code, as you know, uh with a different sequence for each key, and uh uh that's, with the components we will use, we will have different uh messages, different sequences, and the chips sends that signal signal to the transistor that amplify to make it stronger um. So electronic parts are assembled onto uh printed boards uh because it's easier to mass produce and assemble. And uh so I think for our design we want some b uh programmable uh you know V_ V_L_S_I_ or F_P_G_A_ uh high technology, and this is important, and also we'll use uh yeah like in any uh high-tech uh devices a chip of fi fibreglass to them and connect them. So my personal design we need to find a solution what um what is the material of the cover we want to use. If it's plastic or you said that yeah you had some ideas uh like fruit, veg or I dunno. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah like they do in with cars I think. Yeah inside the car yeah. So they also emailed me that uh they have available a bunch of different buttons, a scroll wheels, integrated push buttons s such as a computer mouse. And uh very cheap L_C_D_s, so liquid crystal displays, so I'm wondering, I think we might be able to integrate L_C_D_ into our R_C_. And the final point okay is um we have yeah there are some uh compromise to to do. So we have to know that the push button requires a simple chip, but the scroll wheel uh and that kind of higher high-tech stuff needs more money um which is a higher price range alright. And the display requires an advanced chip, which in turns is more expensive than the regular chip, but I think uh with twelve Euros um and if it's uh uh made for mm four million uh items, then I think w we could be able to handle that. So to to sum up um we need yeah so I I just said that the components uh the list of components uh has to be uh yeah listed and um and um assembly is a an important process that has to be taken into account. And uh for the designing of the cove uh uh cover layout then it's better to to to maybe see that with uh the the U_R_ exp U_R_I_ Expert so that we can it's really a team-working uh. So I I cannot design something without your agreement, right? Yes. Yeah it's kind of um simple pro progra programmable device, and we have to insert. I think we could insert one that could underlie several functions of Exactly yeah, for customizing and yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah good idea. Yeah. Exactly yeah that's a very good idea, we could have uh one main chip uh that could handle, uh it's called F_P_G_A_ chip, that could handle both uh like scrolling wheels as well as uh L_C_D_ and yeah. Yes. Yeah also thinking, I think both uh if we had a budget of twenty twenty uh Euros, it will be okay, but uh. Yeah that's an excellent idea. Yeah yeah. Yeah because right now I don't have price in in head but for next meeting I'm sure yeah be able to do that. Yeah. Okay. I agree on that. Yeah. Yeah but i it's a detailed uh yeah yeah uh plastic versus uh wood, and we need maybe to centre our description on uh the the really the what buttons what uh functionality we want to offer to the user, and maybe with uh graphs or I don't know uh User Interface Designer you could maybe uh help us on that. Yeah. Perfect yeah. Yeah. Yeah customized. Yeah. I agree yeah, and not too m too many keys of course yeah. Yeah. Mm. That's what you mean? Yeah I like also this one. Yeah, the point is w maybe we need to also to make a decision on how how how big we want to be and how many buttons like n we should dec decide numbers or Okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Perfect. Exactly. Yeah. Two or three prototypes? Two? Okay. Yeah and find maybe a compromise. Perfect yeah. Thanks.