Just go to explorer. Or open. Participant two. Open uh. Slide show, view slide show,. One is a communication. Gateway arrays. It's a field programmable gateway arrays. Yeah. Or it's something like isn't hardware the first one? And the second one is for the software. Yeah to run th to make it run. That's it. No. Okay, and how about the battery power? Uh you mean that battery would be somewhere there and the remote contro the power to the battery comes through infrared? Into the more compact and uh okay,. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's right. Having a charger rather than putting the battery cells always. People don't like it to have to buy the batteries when they run out. We just make a small charger and put it Bu Our remote, we do not want to make it P_D_A_. G Yeah, not the T_V_s. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right. Oh, but you have a catch there, um assume that um if you want to go to if you are watching channel two and if you want to go to channel ninety nine, then. Uh-huh huh huh huh. Mm-hmm hmm hmm. But Yeah then yeah that's right. Mm hmm hmm. Okay. Okay. too small that it goes under the sofa and we can't find it. Yeah, that's. just give it a name and we call him. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right. Okay, after having the inputs from industrial design and user interface, I think most of the points which I want to are already covered here. And to find the most interesting features what the users would be interested, then what we have done is we have put a feedback forms in all the magazines, and the users send the feedbacks, and based on that These are the findings which we got and yeah adding of a speech interface is always good for a T_V_ remote but the technology We already know that as discussed earlier An it does how feasible it is. Oh we can put an limited vocabulary as in the mobile phones. We just have the it's not going to take much space also. It's going to be very slim. And next one was the size of the remote control. It has to be of course a very slim and small one. And of course most of the people are interested in if it's less expensive, so this is an important criteria here is I mean we have to look for a trade-off. The features and the cost. Little bit more if it's with extra features. Okay. Yeah, yeah. That's right. I mean, for a lazy guys they could say nine and the nine channel comes. Or they say movie name or I don't go for movie names but only for the numbers on the channel, or volume up, volume down, brightness, contrast. So, I think this should be a good idea, to put this features. And the fourth one was the teletext in various languages. Mm, I think Yeah as discussed in the earlier meeting, but I think uh not much people are really interested in this point if it's not really required. I mean I mean yeah, it's for the um industrial design and users interface designers to decide if it's going to be working or not. I think I think as I discussed th that four points would be good for um marketing. The speech interface and uh less uh reasonable uh cost. And the lighting adaptation and the teletext. And regarding the teletext uh these are the subtitl these are the text information which you got on the televisions. If you are watching an foreign movie, you get subtitles sometimes. And uh if you are a French guy watching an English movie you would like to have it in French. And if I am a German then I would like to have the my options in German. So, the remote it should have some it should give me some flexibility of choosing the ch languages. That should be a good uh point. We already have some. Yeah, that's right. Yeah,. Okay, thank you.