How do you wear this thing? Not too many cables and stuff. Original. Uh. Just one thing. Uh, you said twenty-five minutes, but I have something else to do uh, so gotta have another meeting uh soon, so maybe you could hurry up a bit It's true. I have another meeting so if you could uh Yeah. Yeah, for the lawnmower project. Okay. What an original idea. Orangutan. Can I give you the no? But I don't have to say anything. When I'm drawing the orangutan. It's an abstract drawing of an orangutan. Yes. I don't have a red colour. Usually orangutans have red hair so this is a very important but I don't have red pen, so Yes. Yes. I know. Wha what is this strange beast? Is it a monster? It's a cat? I thought these things did not exist. Ah yeah Does have a name? Caramel. Ah-ha. Next time I concentrate. He looks like a bong. Okay. Sorry. No. Scary? I I think we will be finished this uh Is it for uh for putting a for logos, no. That's I is there a matter for a new remote control? Is it uh a single device remote control or is it a multi-device remote control? Ah this is not defined at all? Ah, okay. Well uh do we sell other stuff? Uh if if we bundle the remote control with something uh to sell then it could be a single device, otherwise it could be programmable one otherwise who would buy a remote control from us. Yeah. No, I couldn I cannot fi think of any requirements right now. Mm. Something like that, least fits in your hand. Yeah. The basic requirement. Only a buck. Waterproof. Mm. B it seems uh so, but uh if you don't have an waterproof remote control it means you can just cover it with some plastic and you can sort of f And, and that's one of the that's one of the shock I mean there are people that have a remote control and they are worried that it's going to break and they put some extra plastic around it. That's people they actually do it themselves. I it will look a bulky in that case. Like as an optional thing. Barks. That's that's quite cool, but uh of course we you don't normally need uh any audio uh recording stuff on your remote control right? So i it's just going to add t to the cost. It's cool. I think I like the idea, but I'm not sure about the what you, who is giving who's giving who's giving our budget. Who's Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Good. Uh, so we come back in five minutes? Half an hour.