Well hi everyone again. Um like before we uh I have to redo the meetings from n th the minutes from the last meeting and so here we go. Uh it was discussed in the last meeting uh which was opened by the presentation from the interface um designer that uh looks would be very important on this new remote and um it is to send messages of course to the T_V_. It should have nine channel buttons, a next button, volume buttons, subtitle buttons, switch to control features, colour contrast, sharpness etcetera. It should have a memory switch, a mute button in case the telephone rings or something. Uh speech recognition is one of her very f favourite personal uh features she would like see d d to be integrated in this um in this new remote. Um. Should be child friendly design with few buttons, colourful maybe with s star shaped or other shaped buttons. Um she uh presented also an oversized remote which she guarantees nobody will ever be able to lose. Um that's right. But uh her very f personal favourite really she, she would very much like to see a speech recogniser integrated in this remote. The industrial designer um presented her uh thoughts on the issue. She would like a special case made out of plastic that is very strong, not using any harmful materials, should be recyclable and should be colourful. Should have an integrated circuit board that's highly sophisticated and temperature resistant. She would like to see a timer and or alarm facility integrated. Uh technically this thing would also have a resistor and a capacitor, diode transistor, resonator, and if possible a rechargeable battery. Uh and of course a circuit board. And how it would works, you press the button, the chip is morse morse code related relays the uh to the generat to the generator amplification and uh the circuit board is very inexpensive to build and so she thinks this is a great feature uh to to to consider. She would like uh this whole thing should be push buttons with a simple chip uh scrolling method is more expensive and not that practical anymore. Should be battery operated and of course she would have the special cases. The marketing expert uh who has to finally come up with to to to market this product has been watching the competition, has done some research on the internet and also has used h her personal observations to come up with the fact that such a remote sh should be small, easy to use and it should be eye catching. From her point of view of course one of the most important facts is that we should get to market before our competition does. To do that uh maybe one or two features should be developed on which we could dwell on or in other words on which our campaign could be built on. Too many new features or too many points would only confuse matter. So we prefer to have one or two features that can be really uh driven home. Um it should have a fruit and vegetable design and should have a soft feel. She feels that's really what people want today. And the decision that we took last time was that uh the special feature we would like to see is a speech recogniser, the energy should be battery uh should be on a chip, should be trendy design, compact and strong, and should have buttons. And that concludes the presentation from the last minutes from the last meeting. Now uh we are ready for the presentation of the prototype. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. What kind of button? Menu? Uh menu th menu, uh one one. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes the buttons are all raised, right? Are raised, mm-hmm. Right. Or have two hands to operate it, yeah. Yes, and it sort of sticks up so that you really you don't have to g first go like oh yeah here it's on and yeah, mm-hmm. So if you're left-handed or right-handed it doesn't matter. Well, I have one question uh will there be anything written on the buttons, like that people know, or they have to learn that from a piece of paper which button does what? Will have symbols so that that that the user really knows you know and doesn't have to first learn it Yeah. But anyway it would ha i i i it has to have some kind of of symbols, text or something so that people kn That's right. Okay, yeah just wanted make sure of that mm-hmm. Right, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Now what, what are our special features for the marketing? That's really the voice recognition that's really unusual And then, and then the other thing would basically be sh shape or practicality of use. You know. Colours. Mm-hmm. Cutest. Yeah. Okay, now uh having said that No, now this was our evaluation criteria which we uh just have done. Now we're gonna talk about financing. Well, there is a production evaluation. Is that you? But that's after the financing. See? Fi see? Um. Okay, we had looks and voice recognition. Okay now on the financing we bring up the mm there it is. Okay uh energy source we say that's battery, right? Okay, now. So we I guess we use one. What? T cell or chart you are trying to change is protected. Well, that's nice. She told me I could just ch change it here and then it would It doesn't work. Hmm. Oh, okay yeah, okay, let's see. Okay, one, okay. Oh go away. Um kinetic source so that's in the energy source that's all we need. Uh electronics, simple chip on print? Is that's what we're using? One of those? Come on. Okay, one. Uh regular chip on print. No. That's all we need, the one case, uncurved flat, single curved, double curved. Double curved? One of those? Case materi s supplements. Plastic we said, right? Uh wood, rubber? Uh but, yes but That's just for the case material, so special colours though, we having that, right? And then we have to interface push buttons. Scroll wheel, no. Integrated scroll wheel, L_C_ display? Button. No. Uh, button supplement special colour? Special form? And special material, rubber, wood, yes. Okay. Total seven point six whatever that means. That's the price. Mm? Eight, eight point two. That's hmm? Eight point two, right? So, we looks like we are well within budget. Okay. I guess I should save this I suppose, huh? Oops. Uh-huh huh huh. I just tried that. My documents, computer. My compu Ah oh here it is, yes. Okay, fine. Save. Okay good, so that's the good news. We gonna be popular. Um. So that uh I think financing was pretty simple. Now we would like to have a presentation by the marketing expert on production evaluation. You wanna go to the next slide? Okay. Um I just realised one thing. In the financing there was no room for our voice recogniser. And uh I don't know how we can evaluate that or how we can include that, too. Eight, eight twenty, yes. I mean maximum we have another four point three euros I mean four thirty. But I mean we have no way of presenting that to management as you know as a f finished, as a finished product and saying okay with the voice recogniser that costs so much. So um we just have to beware of that. I mean and know whether the four thirty will really cover that. Yeah. I'm sorry to interrupt then but I just uh recog I just remembered that there was no that that was not um included uh that there was no room for any special features, okay? So to beware of that. You wanna go to this next slide, marketing expert? I dunno. Yes it is. Mm-hmm. Oh. Why? Wh why you need that up? I think you can make it there. Yes I think uh shape is one. You you gave it a four. Um, I dunno. I think I would give it at least a two. Colour uh I One. I I like the colours. One. Uh, I think I would give it a two. Well it's also you can't really try it out uh the other things you have have more is are more tangible so from that point of view but um I'll give it a three. Uh. Here is what we looking at uh satisfaction on for example room for creativity. Um. Is there more room for creativity or are we absolutely happy? Y um al always bearing in mind that right now we are of course well within the budget and that we still you know we probably can't, with this particular item, we probably can't just uh add a whole lot of more things. Uh um we need uh you know we need to leave space money-wise for the voice recogniser. Um. So th the question really is how do we feel with the project process? Uh, um are we happy with the creativity that has passed here or we're not happy with the new product we created or that was created? Uh I think personally I think uh I'm pretty happy. Um an and then the next question is are we happy with the leadership of this project? Uh And I think team work I think was very very good, I think we really yeah. Mm-hmm. And uh I think we are we happy with the means we used? We used whiteboard, we didn't use digital p well digital pens I guess are these things. Yes, we could. Uh, it's maybe not in the best position in the room um you know like sometimes it's positioned so that it's much better visible for everybody and I think from that point of view we sort of ignored it a little bit. Yes, I think so, I think absolutely, and fortunately we all had slides presentation which made it a little easier. Um did we new did we find new ideas? I think we did. I think we we did, uh in more than one respect and uh so I think we did very well here. Are the costs within budget? Yes, yes. Uh is the project evaluated? Yes. Um then celebration. So I I thank you all very much. Um, I think this was very good and um I think we did come up with a new product that's uh feasible. Feasible from the production point of view and feasible from a marketing point of view. So, thank you. I always get it on here, but getting it off is Ah yes we have time later but we don't