Mm-hmm. Thanks Don't be sarcastic. Mark. Uh Rama. Ah. Mm-hmm. What is a double-curved shape? Uh-huh. The cost. Mm like this? Mm-hmm. Speech L_C_D_. Seems not, it's either L_C_D_ or push-button. Ah. The L_C_D_ would The display would only be display and not uh touch sensitive you mean. Just uh for output, yeah. Yeah. I guess no um. So the batteries uh are going to be very light. Okay. So this device on n that can be used for speech recognition could also be used for just uh the finding it basically, instead of clapping why not just be ask. Mm-hmm. Okay. No, it's okay. Puts less of constraint on what we can do but it's always like that. We have dreams and the in the end we find out that it's not feasible. Anyway. Yeah. L_C_D_. L_S_D_ is something else, and it's quite nice as well. So, go on uh artist. Hmm. Let's change millenniums. doesn't make sense. This is very ugly. Oh no, too much concept. Ah. Ah, back today. Do you think it can come in several colours? Or did the Um but not the case. Uh the case would only be in that uh aluminium uh titanium stuff, like Yeah, well they like uh something which is uh Mm yeah, okay, so that would be the option. I don't know I don't have a Nokia phone, but I don't use that but again, uh I might Yeah, bu but Mm-hmm. Kind of upgradable uh remote control. Wow, wow. Mm. Like a chameleon. Mm-hmm. Because uh I think there are two kinds of people. Those for which the remote control is uh is to be uh something useful uh I'm going to talk about this later but and those for which is something that that that uh is uh specific to them so it it's like a signature. My remote control is pink. Nobody else than me has a pink remote control. And that makes me special. I think I think they would be ready p ready to pay more for that. Those who wanted to have it pink. No mm no. It might be optional, yeah. The the young people the young people want to be different from their friends. Although similar but have something just slightly better. Pink Mm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You always have your remote. Oh, you don't? Yeah. You don't have your remo Wh you you know like for instance take the iPod. It's a kind of remote control. Uh it's white and it's so white that you see it from any anywhere. It has this distinctive look and feel and look which people seems to like just because it's a colour that we don't usually see in a remote control. White. Seems important. Mm glow in the dark, so Okay. Yeah. Uh-huh, yeah sure. Well so I heard that uh it seems that speech recognition is something that can be done uh so that's the smartness of the thing. Currently we don't have guns with speech recognition or uh beer cans with speech recognition but we may have remote controls with speech recognition. I dunno. Don't touch the remote. But yeah. Are are you saying here that uh the remote controls should be aware of who is using it? So for instance the young guy would not be able to use it because his father doesn't want. Like with some Maybe fingerprint recognition or Mm. Um Mm. Okay. So it could be smart in that way. But for instance th I I'm thinking about the other uh uh particularity that the the remote control could have. S since it it knows who is using it, it might also record the kind of uh channels you are u more often using and uh levels of volumes that you're more often uh things like that and provide you ways of using them, I dunno, somehow, I dunno, that might be expensive but that might also be a good sales pitch again. The remote that knows you. My turn? Okay, it's alright. Four, I think. Trend, yeah. No uh yes. Okay, so I'm going to talk about trends and um I hope this can help us to to understand l how we should design our remote control. So, next slide please. So first maybe just a small recap on how how do we watch trends so it's not so uh simple you might think that it's easy but uh it's not so simple. Anyway these days uh the best uh source of information is the web as you know, so have to to go often on the web and look at uh what the others are doing, and ask real people who are using real remote controls every day uh or any other tool that is similar to a remote control which basically is a small device that people have with them, always, like a phone. We can we can use the phone as a as a good uh uh example of where to in be inspired. Of course those tha d who are watching the trends are also have also to be inspired because in fact they're not only watching the trends, they're inventing it, they're creating the trend. I hope I'm going to try to help you on that. This is more risky because you're not following the trend, you try to invent it, which means either you succeed and you make a lot of money or you don't and you're out of business. So anyway uh next slide please. Uh to be to be quick there's a lot of words here but uh basically there are uh in in the market of of remote controls there are three aspects that we should very pay much attention to. The first one, which seems to be the most important one, is that it has to be fancy, it has to have a fancy look and feel. And uh interestingly this is the very most important thing. It has to be fancy. Strangely enough it's more important to be fancy than to be wi and now that's the second thing it has to be, it has to be technologically i innovative, it has to be new with some of uh new uh technology inside and uh and this is also uh more important than the last thing which we w may think that would have been the most important, which is that it should be easy to use and it should be easy to use as a remote control. So as you see uh it first have to be very nice, s something that people are proud of uh uh that i uh they can be id identified with uh and and then uh something that um contains very novel stuff that they can talk about with their friends, huh, mine has this and not yours. And finally of course it has to be useful as a remote control but it seems that it's not so important that it's useful as a remote control. Next slide please. Uh and now in a more uh general uh uh broad way of seeing th uh the thing. If we look back and not uh look at only remote controls I think it's important to see that the trends are quite the same in many areas so currently the the trends that we see in l in l big cities like Paris and Milan, well, it seems that this year things should have uh a fruit and vegetable uh way of of look or feel or so. And I think of course uh i it applies to everything. That's the thing with trends. It it can travel f from clothe to furniture same idea. Fruit and vegetable. Think fruit and vegetable. And uh if we co we compare to last year, now it has to be spongy, yeah. Well this so so I think uh uh i When we were talking about rubber, I think uh the rubber aspect might be important because it's what is probably more feasible in terms of sponginess. Seems not, seems not. Yeah. So Think more of uh something in the colours of uh like fruit and vegetables and spongy, as a even in the shape it has to be more round and uh more uh uh look natural somehow. I mean And not those futuristic uh remote control with angles and uh and titanium like. So that's what people seem to yeah i I know it's quite far from what you thought but that's that's fashion and Okay that's all I have to say. These I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah we have people uh uh listening to the trends everywhere in the world, of course, as you know our company is quite big and uh so I'm just asking them what are the current trends according to them when they go in the stores and when they ask uh their uh friends that are also well. No, it's not it's not this this is very general, yeah. But it seems that trends travel across things. The what we Sure. Yeah. We have to I think we have to have the look of fruit and vegetables but we still have to put our chips inside, so of course. This is your problem. This is not mine. Yeah, I think in the colours and in the uh the kind of material. If if it's something like rubber made or I think it it's also going to be good. Okay? Yep. Thanks. Mm-hmm. Okay. Thanks. Spongy. No, we don't have to, but seems it's the trend. Again, as I said we can also try to make it, to create the trend. So there's no Well, that's you t can try to convince us. Okay. that's a good idea, I Uh I think i yeah i it's again in this uh what I said first it has to be fancy so I think if nobody else pro provides currently a remote control with that kind of stuff and if we can provide it I think it's a good sell for us because we have it and others don't. It's fancy. Whether it's useful or not doesn't seem to be very important. Maybe you could explore the two option. Mm. Seems to be. If you have time. For creation. You can paint it afterward. No problem. We have a very large department of paint. You will do it. Yeah. The thing is that uh if we want to have as he says if we want to have uh a small number of buttons we need to have a kind of output that says currently what their actions are. Yeah. That's the converse to having zillions of button where each button does only one thing. Yeah. Classical, we stay classical in that we don't reinvent uh the wheel. Anyway it's very in general I think people uh change T_V_ more often than batteries of their remote control. So. Because the trend goes faster than the life of the So it's very Okay. We're done.