Industrial Design. One one. Three three, it's three sorry. In one, sorry. So you didn't save it maybe. Alright, so David Jordan? Mm-hmm. Too great for email then. Yeah. To merge the two system huh. Mm yep. But But this is Yeah. Yeah you maybe you have some international standards, where you know, if you can use one is the other are or almost the same, so the sign. Yeah, yeah. For example, I dunno here, escape, you know, you have escape in computers you have, so if you see escape, you know that it should be the same. So you have to The sh the user there for example the power off button it is something very international, you know that So. Yeah. So. Yeah, but the question is how to merge you know the Google system to the system, alright. That's your job It you Okay, okay. Participant two. Yeah. The rationale must be design, or So we can move to the next slide. As you all know, you know m my job is to design you know uh to give an industrial design of the remote control. So the re basically the remote control will be, you know, infrared control, so the problem is how to relate the how to relate the remote control device, like for example this one I h I'm holding in my hand and the T_V_. So, this one is leather bu based but I propose a nifra infrared base you know, so so for me I think that it is better it's bet it's better to control T_V_ so you know, so it's it will be cheaper and it is less technology than, you know For the cheap price we have, for the cheap price we want to I think it's cheaper than laser, so. Yeah, I think for the cost we want for the cost we want it's better to have uh uh Let's see. Yeah. You can move to the next slide, so. So the di the differen the findings you know what you find inside the re i the the system here inside it is just, you know a bulb and an infrared bulb, so here for example the infrared bulb will be here and the bulb it will be somewhere inside. You can go to the next slide. I have some kind of pictures you know, here. You have the b the bulb, it is a blue the blue stuff here and the infrared and the infrared bulb it is the red stuff you know and so and you have the other subcomponent that are not really here so important, so. This is in fact some other component that are in between the electrical de the electronic device. Look. But here what I wanted to emphasise it is just you know the bulb and. So and the next slide, it is the last one it's So it's I think it should be wire wireless re remote con Because you know, it's easier to manage and you know because you f the b the the battery problem can hold you know will you use a battery or the a wire to connected you. Or maybe some kind of thing that we can have both, but you know, I at my side prefer a wireless. Okay, so if you have some question I didn't answer? Well the avera the average prices I think that this technology will cost, I dunno, around eight Euros, so. Or at least you know, the You'd yes, you can. It's so so bres you have to decide how how you will you know, put some energy inside, so you can think about wireless or you know it's it's a question that we can raise, so. We can think that you know, with the wire, you know, without a wire. We can have both also. Yeah, but some pa I always want to have you know, sometime I want to have wire because you know. Uh, I don't think it will be too much. Have to think about the question, you know, 'cause it's I think that you know you can always you know I think wha wha with the wire it's mm cheaper but you know the wireless it's more practical, so. Okay, yeah. Yeah but, it should be an agreement, you know, because even if you can think of the wireless, it is it's it is the job of the the the g Graphical User Designer, but you know. If it is a lot cheaper and if you want to reach for example some the the money you have, if you want to use, so it can be good to have a wireless, it it is a question. Right, so. Okay. Mm-hmm. The look, how it look like. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. The manuals. With a Look fancy. This is a question that should be asked to the If you ask the people, maybe the the marketing people. I think the solution is to have many colours of you know instead of having one grey standard Yeah, yeah, maybe. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, hmm. Yep. So. Yellow. For cheap remote control, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause what I'm thinking is how will you will connect the T_V_ to internet, so. This is Yeah, but this this mean that your T_V_ would be able to, you know, connect to internet, you know, surf the web. Okay. It's pop I don't think it's popular, so that's the problem so. You had i if you are designing a remote control for you know the global usage, so if people don't have the technology. Yellow? Do you think that people like the colour yellow? I think if you have you know th like a yellow ribbon here is the double R_. Or should be. Yeah, so. Doesn't need to be completely yellow, but just mm. But I dunno, but why, nobody's a threat to me. Industrial Designer, yeah. Component component, yeah. Good. Okay Okay, that's clear.