Mm-hmm. So, ready? Sorry, I I um I'm afraid Uh thi this remote control will stay a prototype. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Effectively one slide and maybe we can discuss everything. Okay. Yeah. Uh Yeah, yeah I'm sure. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah but it's not like really mushroom because you have uh you know uh like lemon shape, you know, centre is yellow and t d To integrate, you know yeah. I don't think I hope nobody will eat it. You know, to integrate the fruit aspect, you know the the in Really? But Fruit and vegetable, so mushroom was a kind of you know uh Mushroom? Oh, uh I'm not sure. We can it's a veg a kind of vegetable, but you know we we integrated them with different colour. I I think we take into account what you said about fruit and vegetable you know. This, you know, very enlighted colours, you know. And inspired colour and and very sophisticated material, so. And so So what we w what I can add is that, you know he talk about what is outside, so what is inside is what we dis what we talked before about, you know, the chip, it is a low level chip, and You know, we don't need to k. You know wi the low level chips inside and you know the L_C_D_ button and the i The battery it is under. It is in th in in the base, yeah. In fact this this this this is a kind of you know revolutionary solar receptor that we can put outside and I don't think so, but it it's might be okay, so. I it might be okay. So Yeah. So, four point three point five, it means it's acceptable. Oops. I think you have nice colours. I don't The sha the bowl shape people like. Is it really fancy? But it's you have the lemon aspect of this th this this thing. Do Don't do that, please. I it's it's i this shape is a lemon like, so Yeah. Because i Less button. Yeah, but you don't have any button now. That's uh yeah, is that that's a good idea. So that's great. That's great. I have no idea, so. I have no idea what If it is fancy or not. So we can we can say t The colour, is the colour acceptable? So the shape now. It's too much red? In the basement? I will give I will I'll gi I'll give two or three. Three, it's okay. Three, three. Three is fine for me. What other Is it easy to use? Ye uh Embedded. It's a micro array, okay. Oh yeah, yeah. And I think you you've never seen a rou a round remote control, so it is I W Yeah, but I see, you have microphone array embedded. You have That's good. And you have, you know this ki this solar receptor that, you know Yes. Yeah. I think technically it's acceptable, so Yeah. Two, yeah, two. It's it's fine, so. Most Eh, for th the vocal command yes, it's might be easy. But it's just speaking. You just need the command. As a principle. I think maybe if you he If you hear some click Yeah, it would Oh yeah, that's difficult. That's dif that's difficult. Yeah but y how you need to know I I think something that Yeah. And you you can I think you can if you have a scale, so Yeah, it's a bit difficult. I think b but the the vocal command is easy too. You can say fifty and fifty it's okay, so Uh, yeah, and y that's yeah. Yeah. To see uh yeah uh Yeah. And but I'd It is a turn off t turn off button, maybe. Yeah, yeah yeah. That's that's very technologic, so. Yeah. S But I di I didn't see where the t f the turn off t turn on turn off button so much activates maybe one of the Uh it's k on off, yeah. Yeah, sleeping. To compensate. Yeah. Easy to use, it's very relative but three it's fine, I think, it's reasonable three. Three f three for me, it's o it's okay. Four or three. Maybe you can vote to see how many everybody gives and no and just take the mean. Will you give four? Five? Yeah, so maybe if Yeah but y you know You just push two button, zero and and one. And that's Are there some buttons? Okay. In fact on a flat place You can Oh ye yes, that's right. Oh my God. yeah maybe, maybe may it's the next prototype, maybe we cou Four. Maybe four, it's okay. I'll put four. Yeah, four it's more reasonable. You can you can erase with this er yeah. Yeah, four it's more reasonable, so. So it's nine, nine over three. Oh yeah, it's. It need maybe some wo further work, but it's Yeah, uh s yeah. Might it might be fine. Yeah, b I think Yeah, yeah. That's the finance. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, we have battery. No, um solar cells, yeah. Uh I think in each ball you have three three uh yeah, three, yeah. Three three solar cells. S s simple, simple, yeah. Yeah. Mm. One maybe, yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Is it Is sh it Wooden. Is Yes a wooden pl I and that's There's no wood, so plastic just only, I think. Double curve, yeah, double curve. One, you have. But it's yeah, a a rubber uh Yeah, yeah. Y y yeah, yeah. Five? I think that this will be like a scroll wheel, actually. Y you tu you turn you turn it, so Yeah, true. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah, yeah. Scr L_C_ display, maybe. Interface. It's okay. fine. Yeah, it was stage one, so. So I think you can transform the wood into plastic, maybe. Because uh it seems that this can be yeah, wood into plastic and it it should be fine. Yeah, red and yellow. Fancy. One. I can remove maybe f you have five with push buttons, so we can just, I dunno, try to modify some of them to have yeah. Double curve. We can transform the double curve into single c yeah. F some Single curve. Single curve should be fine, so. Oh, what It's it's a bad idea, so. Two? One. That's fine. That's fine. One s one scroll wheel, so And the vocal chord, it's fine. It I th it's fine. It's fine. It's under or equal. It's fine, so It's fine, twelve fifty uh The solar cells, r is i is it? Yeah, to be able to si to sell it. Yeah, with mi It's it is really really uh really very very expensive, though. Maybe if uh okay. Yeah, yeah. It's easy to use. It's very easy to use. No. We've done it with it is under the if it was low, high or so. So So what are we going to do with this project evaluation? Okay, okay, it's fine. Yeah, I think I find it really funny and amazing and interesting to go through all the process to from the beginning to the end. And designing, looking at the chips, the solar cells and uh and it was very informative for. Yep. Okay, okay. Yellow. I think you can think about a yellow T_V_ now after a fruit T_V_ or I dunno. It can be an interesting I don't know Yeah, just a lemon T_V_ it'd be yellow lemon. It's flat, uh Yeah, that's right. It's really boring, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's that would be really interesting, actually. Device devi The fruit? Yeah. Yeah, it's But I think it's good to follow the f flow and you know make it now and after, you know, if the people change their mind you change also the product. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's a yeah, yeah. We can think about T_V_ with you know where you can change you know the aspects o like for the cell phones, you know. Yeah, you customise it every ti so every ti if people change, you just change the appearance, and y y you can keep Yeah, you can keep the global appearan The mood of persons, the fashions uh We int Yeah, T_V_, yeah. A T_V_ for autumn and a T_V_ for winter, you know, so it's So what i and do w is it Okay. Yeah, the pr at Yeah but I think f it's really a celebrating object. So it's yellow and very a very ha it's very happy, so. Uh it's it's a pr it's like yeah. Yeah, right, go and sell it. Goo and good luck, so It should be fine. Wh really? It should be it should be fine, you know, actually. S I I think I like the the colour a the colour are very good, so actually so It's perfect, and I p is th y the the yellow ball thing that Uh f like y we can we can put some uh double R_ Okay yeah, yeah. That's actually good idea, so It's not a mushroom. It's a pineapple remote controls. Yeah, pineapple remote remote control. Oh, that Oh unid uh unidentified remote control, so That's that's pineapple remote control. I think it's fine. Yeah. Yeah I will try I'll try. I can hel I will try versions so to see how easy easy to manage Yeah I always lose my Yeah, so so i if it is a universal one I can use it with my T_V_, so it would be I think I would choose this one because of the colour. It's it's will enlight your house, your home and your T_V_, so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah that would be uh an idea.. Yeah that's that fine. So we can celebrate now. That's our new product. Yes. It's it's fine. It's I like it. Next time. Well, I'll buy one here. Yeah. No? Okay. Okay. Final prototype, yeah, ye yeah. Okay. Okay. S so who is going to take the remote control?