I'm sorry to be late. Agnes, yes. Uh thank you, so you did a PowerPoint presentation, good for you. Um and uh I could Yeah the d We haven't um uh specified where the speaker or the microphone will be placed. That depends on the uh s design of the circuit board inside and uh what room is left um Yes, okay. Uh-huh. No, I mean it depends on the design of the circuit board. Maybe I've got my hand in the popcorn bowl and I'm holding my cup of Coca-Cola in the other hand. Mm-hmm. Yeah, y better you pass it around with a napkin. It's um It's um You need to work on the weight a little bit. We're glad you're satisfied. Mm-hmm. Yes, great I I'm surprised. Congratulations. Oh, okay. It's gonna cost a long way to c you know, cost a lot of money to market it, is it? Thirty. Yeah. So that means we can put the uh the L_C_D_ in, yeah. Although customisation, because this is being done, you know, the on on-order basis, it might be uh the the quantity won't m won't uh the circuit board will b you're right, would be in producing quantity, but the cost of the case would uh be fixed at the Uh you got some pretty cheap labour that can do this case for one Euro. That's really that's the cost of the material and lab wow, that's really outstanding. Is this the same one you did before? Okay. Yeah, no kidding. Mayb maybe they already expected something. Could could I go to findings? Uh uh um I would uh like to explore the possibility of using um alternative um delivery and sales channel which would be um to use the internet for promotion and ordering and then to drop-ship the p product to the customer's residence. That way you have no storage, you have no um you do have transportation, still have the labour cost, but you don't have the transport to the uh point of sale. The point of sale is online. Right, like Amazon. In fact, we should sell through Amazon, don't you think? Or eBay, yeah. There's an idea. Going with um Ah, we we're do you know, selling a unique product uh. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. And you can even have an a movie that you can rotate the object and look at the di the only thing that you're missing really is the weight. Mm. We're getting used to that. It's not quite like trying on a shoe, but people are getting used to buying things online that they can't touch before buying. Uh-huh. Great. Works for me. Prototypes, you mean. In um We probably should do some market tests uh once we have the prototypes and do some orders and things like that and test-market it. Any outstanding? No, I'm go ahead. Did you have something? Second generation. Our project doesn't um Ed, d do you know what season of the year or time of the year is the most important for T_V_ remote control sales? Would it be the Christmas season by any chance? Sports season. Which sport season? So so maybe what So I think what we need to do is perhaps to synchronise the final the the launch of a user-tested device with some special event. And and then um so that gives us a little more time perhaps then we anticipated, because I don't know when the World Cup is, but I'm sure there's gonna be one. Or another m major sports event. Probably not the um the football games coming up the end of January. I think that might be a little too aggressive um, but, so, I'm just ig uh pointing out a uh a strategy to uh do some additional user testing pri and then to launch um at a a major sports event or uh perhaps to uh also And to work with motion pictures. There might be some motion pictures that are coming out um that are coming out on D_V_D_ that uh they need to have a m special remote control to work with it, so we could maybe work out a campaign with uh with Sony Pictures for example. Maybe some management has got uh relationships there we can leverage. That's great. Disposable diapers is an example of that in fact. Yes, it is one of the first consumer products that was launched about thirty years that was a disposable consumer product, and uh people the market hadn't really gotten on to the concept that you could use something and then throw it away, 'cause it wasn't uh but then when they re-launched them thirty years later, they were virtually the same design, but people had gotten the throw-away, you know, paper cups and napki y all kinds of things that they hadn't um so, you're right, timing is very important, but I think we've got a good product. That's right. It's gonna be very important to the company. Good luck, Ed. You look very relaxed, considering h you know, the uh the weight on your shoulders, yeah. Sounds good. Thank you. Nice working with you.