Probably. Technical pa I would think. Ha. I don't wanna say. Louder. Yeah. Can also be on the side. No, because y you can easily put a microphone on the side that would have no problem would haven't been not be damaged or anything, and it'd be accessible all the time to voice. Yeah. Compliments to the artist. Uh. Well, the prototype is is very well within the design and ideas that we've we've talked about on the previous meetings. Now it goes into this next phase as the financial uh marketing uh Well we haven't come to mine yet, so we're gonna have a bit of difference of opinion, yes. Well, it just depends on if we're gonna add a o on this pr provisionary cost analysis, we do not have a L_C_ display. L_C_ display is gonna be very expensive, it's gonna be It's not it doesn't say. We don't have the price up there, okay, so if we add approximately two to three Euro per remote, now we're up around about twelve, twelve and a half as to what uh the company had initially uh requested. Um Display in. But as far as production um I'm putting up a question because we're talking about profit also, and in mine you'll see uh the problem with uh our survey, the p the possibility that how many units can be sold, what percentage of the market, etcetera etcetera because that has to be taken in into consideration. Uh this is just production cost, it is not uh advertising cost, it's not transportation cost uh And that will inflate quite a bit the cost of the uh the cost of the unit for the company. So to come up with what the company wants is a fifty million Pound profit, we're gonna have to go a long ways. Yes. Slightly. It's gonna be very hard to reduce. That's not bad. If we can go to to my display. And we'll come back to yours just to give everybody an idea of the market. So now I'm gonna scare everybody out of this project. If I'm still here. Yep. The four gives me it's gotta be uh TrendWatch. No. It shouldn't be if it's not it's not the right one. No, no we g no, that's the same one. You have to go back and find another one. Whatever name it popped up under. Uh functional, try functional, it might not be it either, but we'll see. Yep, that's it. So we'll go screen by screen. Although since uh we need to have some type of idea on a market uh we had independent study that says it this this market has an availability to absorb eight mi eight million units per year. Okay? Our internal company evaluation puts it between eight to nine million which is approximately the same as the independent study. So if we continue, we'll look at the findings. Next screen. Which means that uh if we have a target of two million would the company has to take twenty five percent of the market in the first year, which is actually a tremendous amount. No kidding, yeah. So, if we put an inflated price of fifty Euro at a production cost that cannot exceed twenty-five Euro, okay, we're already in that that price, okay, with transport, promotion, labour, because we hav gi included the promotion in the cost, transport for the material to the stores or whatever how however we're gonna break this down between our our retailers. Twenty-five percent of the market to get to two million units. At two million units, we have to have a profit of twenty-five Euro per unit to get to the fifty million unit Eu Euro profit. Okay? So, obviously we w w I just did a run down the evaluation of the form, the fan uh the fancy stylishness of the of the unit, the ease of use, speech recognition, cost, we've gone through these. Now, the company must evaluate the feasibility of being able to take enough of the market to justify in production. Or we project this over two years, but being that the market changes very very quickly, maybe there's no more interest in buying this thing in eighteen months from now. So, now we have to come up with a decision. Can the company sell two million units? Can it sell it for fifty Euros? S Upscale technology. Well. There are several companies that have gone that way. Weight, the feel of the product, but There are several that have gone through with the watches, too. You can customise a watch, you can see how it is at the f at the end of the production, you can change it uh There's a lot of online that's that is doing this now. And when you're rotating, you'll look behind and look this way uh it's possible to do with this, maybe there's a possibility of selling more than two million units in one year, which could you know, feasibili feasibility uh lower the price of the unit. Well, obviously. Mm that'd have to be thrown out on the market for people to get an idea, to see get get their I think we pretty much covered everything. Well, then it may not be. Like people don't like wood. very specific. Hmm. Right before the Eur the World Cup. World soccer. World Cup soccer, they need those things that they have their hands g occupied and they need to be able to talk to the con remote control. Or any major sports. Yeah, I'm the one who takes the heat. If it's a flop, it's the marketer. Yes. Yes. Stress. Celebration. Very good. Thank you very much. Bye-bye. Yep, okay, see you later on.