So Of course. Nice stuff Who starts? Oh. Ha. okay. So I dunno if I can do that like this? Yeah? So it's being modified. Do you want yeah, open. Read only. I hope I saved it. So, um yeah, this is my name. So as you know, you I think you already know me, Sammy Benjo. I am the expert in marketing and I want to tell you about what people uh s want and uh like and dislike in remote controls, and I hope this is going to help you to to design it correctly. So next please. Uh-oh. Hmm. Yeah maybe in the full page because i I spent lots of time doing this presentation, so. Uh-huh hmm okay. So basically uh what I suggest is that uh instead of deciding ourself what what could be and what should be a good uh remote control, let's ask people who are users of remote controls how they feel about w the current remote controls, what they like, what they don't like and um and what they do with them by the way because they are supposed to be useful. Don't forget about that. So we've we've conducted a a survey on on the use of uh remote controls and I'd like to show you some of the results we found on this survey. And next please. Yeah, so basically what we found was that uh there are several things that the user don't like in remote controls. First of all, they find it very ugly. Current remote controls as you know they're the same as this one uh they're not nice colour, not nice shape, I mean they're all the same, and they're not l good looking. Um what is interesting is that in fact it seems that they were people are ready to pay for nice and look and fancy looking uh remote control, so I think we should probably spend lots of time in and effort in that um. And the other thing is that uh the the current remote controls are not so easy to use and it it the the current uh facilities that they offer do not match what people really want to use their remote controls. For instance uh we see that uh they zap very often so I think this is a very uh important uh functionality that it should be easy for them to to zap uh in one way or another. And most of the buttons uh on uh current remote controls are not used, so I think we should design something where some of the buttons which are those that are used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people are using. Um next please. Now people are very frustrated w with their remote controls and they for instance uh they don't even find it it's it's often lost somewhere in the in the in your home and nobody knows where it is. Maybe if we have something where we could ask the remote control please, where are you? Like uh something to to like t I think phones. Some of the phones have some of this kind of s functionality. Uh of course phone you can always phone your phone but you can't phone your your remote control. But why not? Yeah. And because of the fact that there are so many buttons in these remote controls that nobody use, in fact they don't even know how to use them, so most of the the people say they they don't know how to they to use properly their r remote controls. And uh they are bad for R_S_I_ but uh I don't remember what is R_S_I_. So I think they are bad. Mm-hmm. Mm nobody has any idea about that? Well I'll check uh with my Oh, okay, I think it's a technical thing which our Okay. So, it seems that it's a lot of people for a concept that we don't know but we have to take this into account. So anyway that's for what the biggest frustration uh of the user and um what else do I have? Next slide? Ah yeah. So we've listed a couple of uh s uh functions that may be uh used by u the user in the current uh available uh remote controls and uh well the tables look very nice to read but what is important is to understand that the power button is not used often because in general you use it only once per session, but it is very relevant. People want to have a power button. Channel selection is uh o often used very often used and indeed uh very relevant. Ah now I remember what is R_S_I_ it's repetitivity stress injury. We have to be careful with that word but uh anyway I continue my presentation so yeah, channel selection is um very important, very often used. Volume is not often used but people uh want to have control on volume and that makes sense of course. And n then you have things which are very much less often used like the settings. Audio settings, screen settings, even teletext and channel settings. All of them. they're not often used and they are s more or less relevant. It seems that people find teletext teletext uh relevant, even if I personally never use it but seems that it's average relevant at least, so. I can tell you that uh in a l in a scale between one and ten relevant uh not relevant to relevant people scored a six on this, which is not as uh these these two one were had I think ten I think. But but if you compare with these ones, uh I think they scored a one or two. Not very relevant, so if if there are good reason not to put teletext it's okay but just know that people find it somehow relevant. That's for the main functions I think and uh then we can ask uh ourself uh what people don't have that may be useful. For instance I think net next slide. One of the thing the trend uh that uh you are probably aware of is the possibility the eventual possibility of having speech recognition in your remote control, so you wouldn't have to tap tap in your buttons but just tell your remote control or whatever you need you have what you want. So we've conducted a survey about uh whether people would like or not to have uh this kind of uh functionality in their remote control and as we can see it really depends on the age. Young people, probably because it's a buzz word, find it very relevant. And uh as the age goes up the the relevance goes down. So now it really depends on the kind of uh targeting uh wha who are we targeting with this remote control? I think if we are targeting young people then uh it's probably something we have to consider. If we are targeting you very old people this is something they really don't know why they this should be so now this is of course, depends on that. And um I don't have any conclusion, I didn't have time the meeting was very tight, so that's basically my findings. And uh, if you have any question? I can go back. Yeah one question, yeah? I am. I think we should aim at the young people. But uh I think they are they are those uh who might be more interested in a in a new device. In general the the early adopters of a new device are young people, less than more than Then teletext is useless for them I think, yeah. Because they they have other means of finding their information. Yeah. But yeah. Nope. 'Kay? So I think it's you, huh? No? No, user requiremen Makes sense. I would say the simplest one as long as there are the uh I find the buttons that I need every time I need a button. Nice. Nice sentence. Mm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. And when does it turn off? Oh so you have a sensing sensor machine that uh knows Tech Mm-hmm. According to your distance to and the angle maybe, if you have a stereo system. Uh I'm not sure about the screen, wha what is the use usefulness of the screen? Uh is it a touch screen by the way? So it gives instructions but uh it has to be with an back light somehow. Okay. Okay. So for instance if I want to go to directly to channel twenty five, how would I do can I do that with this? Yeah mm let's say I am uh on channel eight now. You know these days we have hundreds of channels, that's not so easy to go just next next next when you have hundreds of channels. Or is it? Most people yeah. In fact in in one uh remote control that I've seen, instead of doing that d you could just say these are the cha ch channel three, twenty eight, forty eight and uh sixty four are those that I want to by cycled with my next button. I uh B yeah. Go to channel twenty five. One thing is that as I said in my presentation people really do like to z zap. So even if they are only watching four or five channels, I think they want to zap out of the one hundred channels, just because this is one kind of thing they do, zapping. And it's only next. Yeah so but you have to Okay. So it would be Okay. Mm-hmm. Alright. Listening more. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well I could could uh have a look at that maybe. I'll check in my department if there's someone specialist in that. Although I don't know. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But uh very very good to sell. Think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them, and ha ha you cannot use my remote control, because it's targeted to me. Whatever. Hmm. Cheap. Millions. Cheap. The user uh will just be able to say uh please can you uh pump up the vo pump up the volume or or it will be something like volume, up, down. Okay. Okay. Couple of words. Okay. Of course uh it has to be Okay. But then I think you you First of all I I think this is not uh functionality that it is going to be instead of using the buttons. It's on top of using the button. Well, I dunno. T_V_. Very expensive, no? And volume control. So but uh Sh should we target a a user personalised uh uh remote control? So in in a given room there might be more than one remote control. We would uh have each one and uh with our own personal uh settings. Hmm. Yeah, of course. That's no problem, we will sell more. Yeah exactly. Okay. Thanks. Mm great. Difficult. Mm-hmm. No. Speakers in the remote cont Oh yeah. It just beeps. That would be enough. Something very cheap. But that's ex that's expensive. Uh. Well I I heard of devices where you just uh whistle them and and they because of the the frequency they they just answer to that. You can't whistle. Uh-huh. Or a clap. You can clap. Can you? Clap is good. Tak Just a suggestion. With only one hand? These are not our target people. Mm-hmm. Oh that's e that already exists okay okay. Oh yeah, you do have. Wow. You're trendy. Think about it. Yeah, okay. Okay. Good we're done? Right, thanks.