So we come to the third meetings. I have good. Um so in the last meeting we have discussed the functional design and now we will talk about the conceptual design. So we will talk about some specific details. This Uh this is what we have decided in the last meeting. But if we use battery We will, okay. Three. What's the function of this button. I think it makes the the interface really Graphical user interface. A graphical user interface emphasise the use of pictures. Yeah. Mm-hmm. We should include speech synthesis in this case, no? Mm-hmm. Or maybe we can include the user manual in the in the remote control and we should have just a button like help and you say uh and you ik you press the button help and maybe you see the the user m might in the in the T_V_. Yeah. On T_V_ T_V_ screen. So just you push the button and we will Yeah. If the if No In the case where they need help, in the case where they need help. Yeah. It's just for user customizable, for kids or old people. So So it's the same Can be used by both kids and old people. Maybe for kids, kids they like uh t no l they like to Yeah. Mm-hmm. You can use this screen instead of the big se screen, instead of use the yeah. Hmm. But Yeah. Mm. It's for it's just for small vocabulary. We it's not yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Push push. It doesn't mean that the other buttons are not necessary or important. But they are just less used compar yeah. Or maybe we can u uh or maybe we can uh make this the ten percent of button more bigger than the others. So. Mm. It's And I think it's increases the cost of the the remote control if you use L_C_D_. I You will listen to a peep, special peep. Okay. Yeah. But you don't you don't have to move the the charger. You have to keep it. Okay. Maybe for some people lazy people. Yeah yeah. Mm. Or Or maybe you have to to show some specific programmes for kids and then just just yeah just push uh kids button so it's automatically. So if he. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah it's yeah. Mm-hmm. Or just It's difficult to to just say the the name of the channel. It will be difficult to say just the name of the channel. Because you have to s t uh a ch yeah but you have to to have all the name of the channel in your vocabulary. Or maybe Or maybe the user can create his own vocabulary, just pronouncing the the name of channels and include in the vocabulary. Or lets the user create his own vocabulary of channel. No. Just you have uh in the beginning you have uh t you have to train you have to create the vocabulary by yourself. By associating each channel with the name or And for each one has his own. Or you have to s Yeah. Mm. Or we can switch on or switch off the the special, yeah. Maybe we'll discuss them in next meeting. It's time to close this meeting. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for your collaborations.