Uh welcome back after lunch, I hope uh you had a good lunch together. For uh this meeting the main agenda okay uh to discuss about the conceptual design meeting. Okay and the agenda will be the opening and uh that's uh the product manager or secretary that's me and uh the presentations from the Christine and uh Agnes and from Mister Ed. And finally in this meeting we have to decide and we are to take a decision on the remote control concept and uh the functional design So we have forty minutes, I think it's uh little bit uh low, but I I hope we can finish it up so I'll handle to the the functional team, to the Christine, okay, to discuss about uh the components concept. You're number two. 'Kay The next one. Can you go back uh one slide? Yes, uh question, uh, what's mean exactly, advanced chip on print? What's the meaning of that? Mm-hmm. Yeah, is it means it's on the yeah is it on a micro-proc micro-processor based or uh Okay, tha that would be great, so if you find out from the technology background, okay, so that would be good. So so you're not convinced about the the wood, yes. Yeah, so it it's looks good the the design the functional design uh, what about yo you? Yes, in t yes, in term in terms of comments first Okay then, uh, let's move to Agnes. S you're You are in participant three. This one? So what's your, uh, the comments or uh s Okay Mm-hmm. Yeah. The Yeah. I hope so. Yeah. Yeah, but we can get a production in, uh, countries like, uh, India yes, yes, countries like India or China or Malaysia, so you can go a better features and better price and you can sell more. So Yeah, yeah, so Yes. So Yeah, so Yes uh, but uh that that we can that we can talk about the production later, okay, depends on the the quantity, okay. So we don't need to have our own uh fabric factory or something, so we can have a tie-up with who the do the fabric, okay, for the different uh electronics items, then we can have a business tie-up and to get to cut the cost, okay, to sell more. So, but uh le let's decide first about the components concept and uh interface concept, okay, if is acceptable for both of you, what uh Ed was talking. And your design whether you want with the display or without display or just a simple, so Yeah. Yes. I don't think so. Yes. Yes. Don't looks nice uh. Yeah, so uh what we'll do is, uh, we will stick with the the simple design for time being until uh th Ed find outs about the how much it's cost to the extra, in case we go for the display. Okay. So maybe what you can do is uh, both of you, you can come up with the the prototype, okay, the model. Okay? Yeah, I hope, if is it okay if uh they will come up with the prototype design, okay. Then they can show you how it looks like, and then we can uh submit to the I will submit to the management. Okay? Then meantime you can come up with the price, how much it's cost as extra for uh the display. An and the marketing strategy, that's very important, okay. Yes. How much you can how mu how much how much you can sell extra. Of course you'll make money too, so it it's not only pay-out, you make money too, your commission. Okay, so, any questions? So, by next meeting, so, please come up with the the prototype, okay, then uh, then we can proceed from there. It's okay? So thanks for all your uh efforts and coming for the meeting again, and see you soon then. Okay? Thank you.