Sorry. So Yeah I sent you the slides, you didn't see them? Okay.. So 'Kay. You can Yeah. Voila. Yeah. Yeah s then we could discuss later like we can put all ideas together. It should be easier with that. Yeah. So Yeah. Yeah so I'll I'll go with that actually so um Okay so m so then the the idea of uh having a remote is generally you have uh different keys and uh different structures, different forms, and uh they could be like buttons or like and um they could be of uh a varying sizes if you want to to uh basically emphasize a particular key more than the other, and uh maybe like you can have different colours for example having the r red for the on off switching on and off the button. So this this is the general trend to ha the method they do. So what I have found was that uh currently uh the they are mostly that the T_V_, V_C_R_, music system operated ones actually, and they are very specific to each other, but there are some common keys for example if you want to follow the V_C_R_ and if you want to follow the uh g uh s some uh soundtrack on the w w see they have the common thing actually you can have and uh There is also um a speech recognition to store channel information, names, like You can basically if you have a multiple functionality, say T_V_, V_C_R_ or something I say it to the T_V_ and the T_V_, and you can programme the keys if you want to, certain keys are even the channel information. Yeah yeah so you you you can just uh because uh as more and more channels come then you have more and more problems to remember the v v exact channel numbers ex exactly, even if you arrange it by however you arrange it, you still have the problem to remember exactly which channel you want to So it it it's like it limited one. In the present market I saw it that says something like they are looking for eighty word thing, eighty word, which shouldn't be th that difficult to implement, like eighty to hundred word. Basically you want you don't want to store all the channels in the remote control, you want to st store your favourite channel. Yeah some ten twelve channel information. You know you don't want to st store all the hundred channel information into that. And uh basically uh it depends like the remote with L_C_D_ display for browsing because you have multiple functionalities for example you are watching a movie, and uh uh you are having a universal remote control and you want to uh you don't know really which functionality is now, so I am using the T_V_ so every time I use it, it could be like, for example I can use a simple toggle switch, and a display, so I press it so the display says, okay, I'm in T_V_ or D_V_D_ or whatever it is, instead of having three keys separately for four keys, to model the functionalities will increase actually, and for you and you might want you don't want separate keys for all of them. You can't. And uh well there can be children friendly where you can programme your remote so that they they are not allowed uh to browse certain channels which you can block them, and you can operate them. So these are the things presently which are seen in the market scenarios at present. I personally would look at things like having a u universal remote, is uh um is a good idea, like instead of having unusual ones for all of them you can think of having, um with multiple functionality possibly with speech recognition. I got a mail from the the coffee machine interface unit that uh they have uh integrated the s speech recognition into a into the coffee machine, and so if you say hello coffee machine, it say hi Joe, or something like that, you know, and uh Yeah you you won't be using it, so it's a limited vocabulary mm thing, and very isolated word and it's uh it is interesting, and basically storing the channel through voice or other ways of programming your keys, on the display for the browsing which is again and maybe having something like a blinking thing, like uh it could indicate you're uh it it could indicate what is cal like the uh whether uh you you have enough battery in your in your uh remote, the blinking. At the same time, if it's a dark room, it can be used to locate the remote also or Yeah you can let them to do that. N no but the if you give it d depends on the easiness like the user how much effort he can put. Like for example uh I would like to store in certain way, so if you want to give the full freedom to the user or you want to keep some constraints and let the user use it with that constraint. So it de So So Yeah. Yeah. We well we can still look at we can talk with the coffee unit and you can uh check how much how much they yeah yeah yeah. Maybe we can come we we can talk to them, and we can come with that, you know. And also well you can think of having uh since you have a you know something maybe if you added little bit of display, you might need the to che keep checking the battery, so you really need a some kind of indicator, so it could be a blinking option of L_E_D_ it could actually be used to detect also. If it's in a dark room you can basically detect it also. So No actually i if i it is like you know it tells you um, it can be for two purposes, like if you have an L_C_D_ display and all those things it's not going to be the standard remote, which is having uh which need just uh six six volt uh th sorry three volts um of D_C_. It may need more actually, so y you you may need to check your battery usage it and then you need that, some functionality to indicate the battery limit. And then if the battery limit is indicated, if it could be ind indicated through a blinking something and it can change the colour depending on your uh how much is the battery, well that is good enough to even locate even if you want to. You know. Yeah so You you have time some more? Yep. Sure you can you know. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah mm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah so of course for example uh I wanted to know like if you want to have a a fo if you want to have the L_C_D_ display over there, or if you want to store a programmes with a keys What kind of things you'll need inside your thin inside W wh what W what Okay. Okay. Okay so in that case you can even look at the technology what the mobile phone is trying to use with the card. Yeah where they do all the wi with with them actually. How f cost effective it would be to put that car chip into it and do the programmable things. D well Well I don't know if it'll fit into our cost of twelve point five Euro you know. Is it possible to fit in to that? Sorry. Yeah that's uh that's something which I wanted to ask you also, like what will be the each individually the cost of it. For example if f if you want to put wood I wouldn't suggest for wood uh 'cause it's I think it's m much easier to use a plastic or a rubber rather than wood. It will be much ch much expensive th though it's the most natural thing, but Yeah. Yeah it's uh Yeah we we can give a preference to them, but it is but with plastic or the rubber or whatever it is it's much better with that rather than going for Yeah. Yeah. Yea Okay. Yeah sure. Yeah we will uh Yeah. Uh. Yeah.. Okay. We can give them smooth keys, you know. Smooth keys with bigger s uh So that you know The the problem most of the time we've seen, the keys is that it's small, and every time we have to be very but if i the if we if we go to a different ways of designing those keys, then you can merge them together to Oh you can actually, for example, if you see, they are they are they are quite small over here, and uh now you can, for example, as I was if you make them big, it may change the look of the thing also to the people. At the same time, it is m more uh like it would be more interesting for people who are having this R_S_I_ and all problem. Uh big keys may better for them actually and uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah so it's something like this, the model here s you can put the keys Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm. We should make a Yeah that yeah next meeting we should be Yeah that would depend upon us actually. Yeah okay. No no. I don't have. Maybe it would be interesting if you could look um for the cost inventories of other devices, if you're using speech recognition or something like that. Mm. Two. One for like cost and the one with like higher-end so that then we can be easily comparing them or you know find a compromise between both of them, yeah that's how it is. Yep. Okay. So we are done for now..