Mm-hmm. Marketing Expert. Mm. Okay. Yeah. No sure. Uh it's David Jordan. Course. Mm-hmm. No, no. Uh this one doesn't want to be moved, I think. So, I dunno, it's maybe difficult to have both, I mean the the one on the right doesn't look so simple and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then Yeah. Oh it should okay, yeah. The user should know. Yeah, that's gonna be the trick. Okay. So that's the point. Mm. True. Okay. What the cost is? Twelve, twelve a half. That might just So. Okay. What's the average price of this technology then? But this is what you would like to ask the user first and I don't think the user would be ready to have a I don't think well, yeah, I don't think he would, but in a sense The wire? Yeah. True. Uh that's my job. That's the Now the Yeah. Well that's actually one of the point, yeah? True. This you will see in my presentation then. Yeah. Which is participant four. So just trying to answer all the questions, if the user would be happy to have something or something else uh. We've made a study, so could you go to next slide. Sorry for the functional recurrence. So that's the standard method for marketing, okay. We had one hundred subjects, um, we observe their remote control use in a lab and then after all the experiments they had to fill up a questionnaire, um, and see what was okay or not for them. Okay. So then it's some statistics about what we observed and what they answered. Um actually seventy five percent of the users find m the most remote controls uh ugly, okay, so that's Yeah, the the look is is bad for them so uh it's your job, David, maybe. Then eighty percent of users would spend more money um actually if if the remote controls were not so ugly. So this is where we could have uh yeah, good market, I guess, if people are ready to pay more. So it's it's interesting information, I think. And then um yeah, the remote controls like the one you've shown previously it's not so doesn't fit the user requirements sometime, because it's too many buttons and so on. So we should change this as well. And uh users are actually zapping a lot, so they're using the device intensively, that's something to take into account as well. And um, you know, ten percent of the buttons are actually used in the remote control. And uh this is one of the main point for me. But I'll come back to it later. 'Kay. Could you go next slide? Uh, so as you said uh, remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room. So this is from the experiments we've done, so if we could solve this problem this would be interesting for the user, I think. Um it takes too much time to learn how to use the remote control for thirty five percent of the people. And uh remote control are really bad for R_S_I_ problems for twenty six percent of the users. R_S_I_ is like, when you're using the same um doing the same movement several times, then you get injured. Okay? So, those numbers are less important then the previous one, but still it has to be taken to count. So last slide. Um so my pres personal preferences for this problem is we have to meet the user needs. If we can make it look fancy then we might sell more than our uh concurrent, okay. And definitely if it could have less buttons, still maybe the same number of um functions, but less buttons, this would definitely be a good way of selling more. Okay. So Yeah, remember the user is not happy to read the manual. It's Yeah. Yeah, this is something we sh But this was first step and This was the first step, yeah. Specially distribution, yeah. Uh Yeah, but this is what we would ask to the users, so. Yeah. Yeah, remember it's twelve Euros. Hmm. Yeah, it's done, just yeah. If we would if we could remember like, not too many buttons and make it look fancy, I think it would make it. So. Lame, or Mm-hmm Yeah. Mm-hmm. So has to be yellow. I don't think it's part of the remote control design anyway. It's maybe more in browsing. Yeah. Hm-mm. Mm-hmm. Min Yeah. Regarding the first line, what So we're just expecting no more use of the teletext. And that's it. It's already changed for Mm-hmm. Industrial Designer. Yep. Okay. Yeah.