Yeah, that's it. Well, okay, yeah. Yeah, but the user user interface is responsible. Okay, so. You're scaring me with L_C_D_ man. And speech recognition in remote unit, it will be very e expensive. Yeah. Yeah. At least we have couple of months t to work on it so so it will be cheaper finally. Because you cancelled it. Yeah. Yep. You still want me the presentation. Yeah, it should be okay. Yeah f uh I know about this, since it's my it's exactly my field, so. It's uh kind of handshaking, uh, when starting to uh when you start to communicate with the your T_V_ then then it's like an handshaking protocol with your your remote. So so if two two devices are trying to go to communicate with the T_V_ set then the the the one which has the more energy in the wave is chosen. Well it can be a problem sometimes, but most of the time it works okay. Yeah but we we don't have to think uh about this because I think as a function designer that we will use the already made uh circuits which we probably bu buy. It's worth to buy. And they have these problems solved so. So we don't have to think about these. Yes. I have only a couple of things because I had I struggled a bit with the software that I'm supposed to use in this uh uh in this company. I was used to use Linux before, so. But I tried to tried to break through this too, I guess. Mm. Ah. Okay. How to make it big? Slide show. Okay, thanks. Okay. Oh so I will speak about working design. That's the first slide. Uh what uh I have to do? A look at what the other company Okay so uh presently I am looking what is possible to use, what circuits to use and stuff like that because uh I didn't work uh with these uh circuits so far so I have to look what what is a v a v available on the market for for the communication for the I_R_ circuits and so on, so I'm currently looking what is available on the web. And uh I wanted to ask you m maybe afterwards, after after our discussion, if we have some contacts in some companies, so, which can report on what is going on there, so, I would be glad if you can tell me about them. So, you know. Uh, okay findings, that's the point that I'm working on currently but uh so far I I was uh looking what what are the blue circuit, I mean radio wave radio frequency circuits are available now, but the prices I read are high. So, I know that uh the user interface people and these speak about radio frequency waves because you can you can uh you can make the T_V_ do what you want even if you are in the bathroom or so on, but you know, when you are not close to the T_V_ you probably won't need to to change the program and so on and so I am I am voting for s to stick to the um infra-red control instead of R_W_ but we will discuss it later maybe. Uh. Components to use, I'm not exactly sure what I will use for the design of the circuit. It depends uh on whether we will use the L_C_D_ and mainly the speech recognition, because the speech rec Yeah? No no no no no. This we this we buy I think, because it's rather cheap nowadays and it's not worth to construct ourselves. Exactly. But I'm not sure about the circuit which is responsible for speech recognition. This I prefer that we should make ourselves. But it depends whether we take a decision to use it. Same thing. It's fairly expensive to use these circuits. So, speech recognition well, L_C_D_ it's okay because it's common nowadays to use L_C_D_, so I agree on using any kind of L_C_D_, less buttons good for me as a as a designer of the circuit. But the speech recognition we have to compare whether the price and the what does it offer, you know. Yeah, I'm Oh. I was not thinking too much about the price. But if we use the L_C_D_ uh even the radio frequency communication with the T_V_ set and the backlight and uh related things like the photo diodes and stuff, it should be okay. If we decide to use the speech recognition, then we probably could struggle but we'll see afterwards. It depends of you if if the M_E_ or U_I_D_, I'm sorry about the names, I don't really know, uh want to have it like in metal or in plastic, these things, it it depends on you not Because the the the electronic device's price is not not so big in comparison to to the overall shape and stuff like that, so. We will discuss it afterwards. Oh, this is nothing. This is just my notes on what to use. And uh my personal preference is yes, I would like also preferably to use R_W_ circuit, but from the point of view uh of the design and price, I would stick to I_R_s. That's my opinion. Uh I mean if infra-red uh circuit not not the radio frequency. Because because the the range where you can use it is fair. It's okay I think. And the price is fairly cheap for this. Well, depends. Jus just the price. Otherwise I don't care what I put there because it's the chip which I buy or which we buy. So I I I think it's o y o. Well, three to three to five. N not ten times, but it depends what what we Yeah. Th they are used to use it when they can see the T_V_ so, I don't know. You the user interface, and management man, uh Uh okay, that's it for me. 'Kay. I agree. Okay, so the available things are L_C_D_, the buttons and everything. Uh radio frequency depends. And, well the recognition it depends on you guys. You should probably speak. Okay. Uh just one note to the chan channel changing. Do we will we use only two buttons, or or like numbered buttons? I mean those nine plus one or two? Because it's many buttons and we were speaking about lowering the number. Okay so so we keep all these all these buttons. Like ten plus, five plus, one plus, one minus or something. Or using the names and the keyboard I dunno. You mean like hierarchical structure. Okay, so s Oh sorry. So it requires the use of L_C_D_ probably, to to tell you Okay, so I'll make a note on L_C_D_. Yeah. Like roller for the Yeah. Okay. So we are still s speaking about the common devices or we are inviting the new one? On the screen, you mean? Not on the control, but on the screen. Well, this would avoid L_C_D_, then. Oh. W I I think it it would be better to to stick to the remote control and not to bother the T_V_ to to to print these things. Well it wi it will be still more expensive, but for the L_C_D_ and this stuff is no problem in the price. Two T_V_s. Like ma We we could have for example two buttons like simple mode and advanced mode. Or I dunno. Or like children and grandfather's mode, and the, well the the user not the user, the man mana T_V_ manager mode. Ah, I dunno. Uh. Yeah. Hide them, okay. Um. Yes. This I was thinking. Do we need a power button at all? Should should shouldn't we do it like sleep mode after five minutes of not using it? Because generally Yes. Well I I uh You don't need to every five minutes to keep it alive. Uh probably. Okay, so we should keep this button. Okay, so we we could p what we could probably do is to keep also to keep uh keep the L_C_D_ and all the buttons and stuff, we could make it like a opening opening style that if you open it you are you just turn on the T_V_ and if you close it, it will turn off the T_V_. If if you like this, Because, well it's maybe question for you t Yeah. I mean like the Yeah but since we have the L_C_D_, we didn't need too much button too many buttons. Um, okay, just um the decision of the power button. Should we make it a button, or some some something which would be Uh power button. If it if it's a button or Okay. Okay, one nice big button. Old fashioned button, to satisfy the grandmothers. Hmm. Mm. Do we still have the time? I I just wonder. Okay. Oh. Well what w what was the question? Yeah but since we want to control all the televisions, and and it would probably be worth to to set the timing on the remote, no? Because if if the T_V_ turns on itself, it well you know, if the time The timer should be there. Ah, yeah. Did you did you ever use the like the timing of turning on the T_V_, well And based on your Yeah but it can be on the display in in a corner all the time on the remote. Yes yes. Yeah but we we should be careful about the battery life, then. If we use the speech recognition. Yeah.