Okay. So we are here for the concept design meeting. So, we will first start by summarizing the mm the previous meeting and the decision we've taken. Uh I will take notes during this meeting so uh that you can uh look at my uh folder to see the summary of this meeting afterwards. So each of you will uh show us the various investigation they've done during uh previous uh hours. We'll then t take decision in concert and then uh uh we will uh define the nest next task, to have to be done before the next meeting. So, last time we decided to have a simple interface. We also decided to have a wheel to change channel previous channel button. Channel digit uh buttons should be uh protected by plastic cover or something for the remote control to look very simple. We have also button for volume, and to switch on off the T_V_. We have also uh the lightening feature for the remote control to be easy to find, and for fast development and low cost we have decided to have no L_C_D_ no voice features. So now uh we will have three presentations. So the conceptual specification by Industrial Designer, the specification of the U_I_ by or U_I_ okay. And uh the last point is uh trend watching by Market Expert. So maybe we can start with uh industrial design. So this is the presentation. Maybe I can switch slide uh on your request. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. But is it a significant price on the whole remote control? Because we can afford up to twelve Euros for the price of the remote control. So will will will this with uh including all possible things, so buttons, wheel and the chip, be uh lower than twelve Euros to produce? Okay You received something Hmm. And could it be adapted? Okay and there can uh recognize some commands and stuff? Okay. Yeah. Okay maybe we can just uh listen to this presentation and then take decision later on according to those news. Okay. You can easily find the button in the dark or so? It will be turned on when the when the user move the remote control I think, no? Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. True. But it can be uh battery consuming, no? To have the light always on? Well we will discuss that after maybe the other presentations. Yeah. And it is. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And also does it uh fit well in hand? Because it was uh th your wrist problem with the usage. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's only the central part. Yeah. With a maybe a more ergonomic design on on the bottom part. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. S Okay. Will be down or Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Maybe the wheel will be a good advantage over our competitors. Because otherwise it's pretty standard apart the fact that it's very simple. So maybe it's worse to uh to have more expense on that's that aspect. Okay. So we can move to the Is there any question? For designer of user interface? or we can move to the next part, maybe, and discuss afterwards? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. This is good also for Yeah. I think it is good also f to have a spongy material, yeah. Yeah, because it's robust. Yeah uh sorry? No. Yeah. Before? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's innovative to use the mm the wheel because I think no one else has. Has it? Yeah. I think it's it makes it both easy and both innos innovative. So I think it's a good aspect and it should be kept. Cool, fancy? We have to make it l look like a fruit or vegetable. Maybe uh um a colour that remember some fruit uh, things like that. Maybe yeah. Yeah, and it's ergonomic as well. A pear. Yeah. Maybe pear yeah or something like that. Yeah. We can discuss that uh. D D Is is there anything you want to add? I don't think so. I think we we can have like yeah a pear is good, fit well, or banana as you told. Something like that. But that's not in the trend.. The trend is spongy, and vegetable fruits. I think p spongy is good because it it will be robust as well. So, I think we can keep the wheel because it's uh easy, it's innovative, even if the cost is a bit higher, and we also have to find a, so, a fruit like pear or banana wit uh any others idea you have. What kind of fr fruit would you like to to control your T_V_ with? Odi Banana is also yellow so you you can't lost your remote control then. I think it's a good idea, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a good design and it's innovative as well then. Maybe we can keep the banana. And it will be very easy to find. Yeah. Yeah it's really uh really a good point. I think it So One second. So we have to take some decision on this aspect. So, uh so for sorry, for uh component, so we have to think about those aspects, sorry. Yeah. I think it's the box that should be spongy, banana's shape. But No the button would be In fact it it should be something odd shaped, with a spongy cover. Okay odd shape with spongy cover. And standard battery okay, a chip imprint, there's no specific problem. So we agree to put the wheel So it have to it has to be symmetrical. Yeah maybe the thumb is more comfortable. Yeah I think it's okay for both right and left. Mm. I think you can turn it this way also. You can do both with both hands. I think it's okay. Well, you you will get used to it. And moreover, th the button ar are lighted so you you immediately identify the right side, because you have light on buttons. Yeah. No you you I think you will use it only on the right or left hand, whether you are righty or lefty. I think for lefty it's okay. I can do this movement, and for righty as well. I think this doesn't change that much. Yeah? So, for interface we said also that we have uh this banana shape with button on the s on the side. And and uh a wheel on the top. So the colour is yellow. I think it's uh we defined everything according to what we should what the decision we should take, yeah. So maybe we can um we can uh work on those aspects uh until next meeting. So have the final uh look and feel design according to the decision. And have the the user interface design and uh then evaluate the prodyuc the product. That is to say, uh check if it fit the the requirement uh given by the users, but according to uh your presentation it seems to be okay. It seems to be fancy, innovative, and easy to use. So so to prepare the prototype I would suggest that the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer uh work together. That would uh be better, I think. And uh And so uh you will receive further instruction by emails, as usual. So do you need to add anything? You feel okay? You feel uh free to express what you want to say? You don't feel too constrained? You don't feel free to answer this? Okay, so See you.