Yep. Perfect. So y you are the secretary also. Right? Okay. Perfectly yeah yeah of course uh-huh. You mean the social target group who we wants to target? Oh the customers, okay. It's it's easy to learn or how do you say it's Okay too much time to learn. Okay. Not enough Maybe y y you cannot put this webpage online on the Ah it's it okay it's a webpage on the C_ it's a file okay. O otherwise you yeah. You can connect this one. Yeah. So these are important numbers that Matthew and I need to take into account for our functional um Yeah Yeah these numbers have have to be have to be taken into account for the uh both yeah user interface and functional design. Because if there are many numbers and we need to select to to constraint uh our design based on what is more important. Speech recognition in Ah okay. So that we don't Do we not need any button on the remote control it would be all based on speech. Okay. Interesting idea. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And we don't know where the state of the art of speech recognition is, maybe you know? But it's quite noisy if there is the T_V_ uh shouting. Okay. So you had to to to summarise maybe the Mm. Mm-hmm. I thi You us yeah yeah. Okay perfect. ... Mm 'kay. Yeah. Mm I okay I stay I can move as far as Maybe I take your chair? I okay. So I think as everybody knows uh I'm the uh Industrial Designer. And uh in this presentation uh this group presentation um is gonna focus on the working design of the the remote control. Um I'd like first to give a quick a very simple introduction, how does it work, so that everybody knows even if you don't have a very uh technical background uh what is it because I think in the product it is important. So basically um the basic function of a remote control is to send uh messages to another system that is fixed. And so an energy source feeds an integrated circuit, the chip, that can compose messages, usually uh through a um infrared bit and uh the user interface controls the chip and accordingly the the messages, alright. So my method for um designing the yeah the work design uh yeah first the the main point is that I would wish to to make a really functional product. I would prefer to have very functional um capabilities rather than fancy stuff that in fact is not used and doesn't work. So for that yeah as it's important to take into account the user requirements from the Marketing uh Expert uh Anna and um w to to we should agree on what are the technical functions uh for this remote control and I show you the the working design. So um basically uh here is a really large view of what we want. Uh we want an on off button, it can be uh it's simple but it's it's important, and also uh the to both channels as well as other buttons that come after, right. So the components I quickly draw here, is that in this part you have the remote control the the sender and on the other part the receiver so that's my method is um will be to well my aim would be to uh design the and choose the chips and the infrared um components to build the remote control right. So of course we need energy sources and uh uh the receiver a a receiver. This is very quick uh design, uh you stop me or interrupt me if uh you don't agree on it on that. And um so what I have found and after a lot of work actually I I draw this I draw for you this uh schema that can be maybe too technical for you but is very important for me you know. And uh that's it so I won't go into details about that but uh these are my preferences to use uh that kind of components. So. So the the main components you see here are the cheapest I have found and yeah th you have always a compromise with uh reliability and uh i if it's expensive, but uh this one was not this one also really uh reliable um so yeah that's it for the working design, uh I hope you get clearer view on uh what what a remote control is uh in terms of uh technical components but maybe yeah No no no no we we will uh This is a preference but we can always change uh Yeah. Of course yeah. Yeah. We will use uh infrared protocol uh using yeah infrared and uh and of course we need to adapt to that protocol that already exists and but we what we can do is uh uh adapting the the chips inside uh to the best uh chips and uh infrared bubbles. Um. Okay. The frequencies? Yeah yeah. Of course yeah in the chip you have it yeah. That can control o other things. Yeah. Of course yeah we should take that into account in the uh Yes. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yep. These are kind of next generation functionalities. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Or even you don't need to download it, it's streamed uh online uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Fourteen or for O okay. So Mm-hmm. Yeah. Because they are already used to that, you know, product. Yeah. Mm-hmm. ... Yes. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah we have yeah twelve point five Euros uh per uh per R_ s R_C_ and I think uh with this now you know that chips are very uh cheaps and uh we can include it in our control some new new features. Yeah. And um But yeah that's Ye I don't think L_C_D_ is not necessary well, th for long term. Yeah. Universal. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah because we have to take into account that we are gonna b we are gonna sell uh four aro around four million so when we speak about these numbers uh the price of a chip is uh price of a chip is very cheap. So I'm okay for designing um a ne uh less yeah a a kind of universal uh R_C_ yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's needed, yeah. And if we want to get the market, we really need that. Yes. Exactly. Is that okay for you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Oh that's that's fine then. Yeah. Okay perfect.