So so so. Maybe. Maybe maybe maybe. Bra Mm that's oh that's oh I like it. I mean you guys gave me more than I was asking for, so I'm happy because we've got some really marketable features in this. Yeah I think it's good. Good good good job. Uh pla I'm ha It's great. That's great. It's a great feature. So you can take this ho take this home with you tonight and you can push that and he'll be across town Uh, I can see that. Yep I like. Good job. No no. Well I mean of course, I mean My my s my suggestion is we're gonna go go to the silvers and blacks like most of the televisions. You know some blend of silvers and blacks. So you're not gonna find my uh my folder up there I gotta do mine up at the board. Yeah yeah. So No it's not in there because I had the computer problem and I I I cou I couldn't create it. I couldn't create it in the PowerPoint, and I think I've got this really strange cable. So what I had, basically going from the PowerPoint format, is that uh yeah yeah I like this a lot. Is this one of the tests is to see how we can adapt to s changing situations in the in the meeting room? So what we had is we had the method. That's not how you spell method, is it? No A_.. So this doesn't go so fast this way. And when I speak about method I speak about the marketing of the product huh. And uh to me with this product we got uh we got basically three things to market. We've got the features, we have the uh characteristics, and we have the I I don't know what we would call the other part what we call you know the the the corp corporate Help me. The the corporation stands behind the product, okay. So the features I think we got the scroll, we've got the uh the locator, we've got the durability, we've got the dependability, we've got you know the features that make this a unique product. Um the characteristics I talk about, we have reliability, we have comfort, we have ergonomics, we have environmentally s sensitive. Uh and the corporation, we're talking about we're we're a new we're a new company. We're wanting to make a name for ourself. We're wanting you to uh find our product so we're gonna give you a good product at a fair price. One thing I would want to to see is uh is can we can we get a lifetime uh guarantee on this product, a normal use guarantee, which means that this product, for the for the life of of the life use, if it should have a technical problem, that we could re replace it at no cost? That was something I would be interested in. Um so yeah without uh going into great details, we have a we have a product, it has the features and the characteristics, and the background, I believe, to make it marketable I believe at a cost of of of thirty thirty five to to fifty Euros. We're gonna be competitive, and we're gonna we're gonna have a market niche. Um w That that would be uh that would be I think a decision best made by corporate um I I m for my evaluation, based on what our competition is, I th I think that that we can go after this and and and go after more of the uh exclusivity sense than the mass market sense. But I'm sh I'm sure open to to market this in either direction. But you guys came up with a great product, and at that cost I think it uh there's nobody else that's putting this this combination of of ingredients together. The only limitations I see to this is that we're focused on television only. Uh that's the only that's the only drawback I see to this. But with all of these other features I think people c one thing I'm I'm hoping for is people are not gonna even notice. There's gonna be somebody going home and say oh sh this thing doesn't work for my D_V_D_ and my but I like these other things, so they keep it, they don't take it back. Well one of one of the thoughts that I had is can can this unit be be produced in a way that makes it upgradable? You know uh like like a um a sim card in a in a um in a telephone. You know is there a card in th can we make a card and so after Mm-hmm, but you follow what I'm s I'm s Yeah 'cause if if we can make this unit upgradable then we're yeah but then we talk about changing the warranty concept and everything, but that's that was just an idea I had. Uh to me the only additions Yeah. Yep. But anyway that's uh Mm-hmm. We've got a we've got a curve and a droop. I don't know whether that. Ooh. No, I think we come up with a with a attractive marketable um product and and concept. Yeah well we we we kinda broke we kinda at least adjusted every every criteria they gave us because we d we still have the the teletext capability in this thing right, we raised the price of it, we've added two t new technology to it. So you know you know if this thing flies then we've we've adjusted or broken every every idea they gave us. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. But I like I mean when I say we have we had I believe we have room for creativity 'cause w this is we did it. Cohesive yeah. Yes synergistic yeah. Yeah. You know you know what they're gonna have on the recording in there from that microphone is your lunch digesting you know th New ideas f uh for the product or for the the the the environment or what are we ta Oh. Well I I mean clearly remote control microphones would be the would be a nice solution to all these cables, but I'm sure that there's there's some justification for these things that I don't know about. And of course I did not have so much fun with my computer this afternoon. It's not been uh it's not been cooperating so well, but I don't think that's the that's avoidable. No. Okay. So we need to close this meeting, yeah bravo. Congratulations. S I've got a lot of paperwork to catch up on so let's close this and come back and 'kay.