Yeah. Yeah. Oh. But people are often enough looking at the help, once they see the help button they say oh this is a complicated stuff. It's a psychology. Okay. And let us see what the market demands. We could just go to my presentation. Yeah that's right. I mean it just showed us the remote with an cap which could be used for kids and if you remove the Same remote with some Both yeah. And then we can decide what what we can yeah. So we just made an marketing survey of what people need from our remotes and how it could be special from the other remotes. And we got the best on the responses from the questionnaires. Uh we also have some prizes for the most creative solutions. And we found the following solutions which we could which would be helpful for our design. So seventy percent of the users, they find their remote controls very ugly, they don't find it pleasant to use in the size or usage or anything. And eighty percent of the people they are always l I mean they are willing to spend more money if the remote control would look fancy. And the current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. And seventy five percent of the users said they zap a lot. And fifty percent say they use only ten percent of the buttons, so the rest of the ninety percent of the buttons they're not used most of the times. So this were the findings which we found. And also they cited frustrations with the present remote controls. Most of fifty percent of the time the remote controls are lost somewhere in the room and people are always searching for them rather than watching the T_V_. And by the time they found the remote control the program is finished. So they're frustrated a lot And um if the remote control is too complicated it takes much time to learn the functionality of it. So you can just see the percentage, fifty percent people they responded that they always lose their remotes and thirty four percent they say that it's quite difficult to learn if it's too complex. So keeping in view all these findings and the frustrations I think this should be the solution for them. We should have an L_C_D_ on the rem remote control. Mm-hmm? I mean as our survey says that people are willing to pay more if their remotes are fancy. So if we have a L_C_D_ on the remote, rather than looking onto the T_V_ you just look into a remote and navigate it. It's the same menu as we have saw that iPod remote control. We just play around Yeah. Yeah. I mean this were the points which we got from the market demands. So the other one Yeah that's fine. Yeah. I mean that's Mm-hmm. Uh yeah we have uh I mean that should be found out by the Industrial Designers. And it's always good to have an voice recognition for the remote controls. Yeah it's o only for a limited vocabulary, say eighty commands or so. Mm, the scroll button, from the survey we never see that people would like to have some scrolling button. Because they they just they're just frightened to use the scrollings or help button. Yeah. They're not used much. Or it could be like this, as the people say, if they have a L_C_D_ on the remote not on the television. Because when you have the L_C_D_ onto the television screen you miss the picture in the background, we are most focused on the commands. So if you have then L_C_D_ in the remote, you just have a menu, and increasing and lower these signs here to change the programs and this menu when you press the menu, in the L_C_D_ displays as you go on pressing the menu it faster displays volume, then the program, then the brightness, contrast and all the stuff. And accordingly you can just increase or decrease. Yeah that has to be checked out. Yeah. Okay. I mean, better if we could just check all the cost with L_C_D_ and also with the speech recognition. And then we could find which would would be a more suitable in this case. And the third problem was to find the remote control. Always, so fifty percent of the people say they lose the remotes. So Yeah that's right, that's exactly what I mean by voice commander. Or it could be also something like this, uh it's always boring to change the batteries of the remotes control, so we have some one charger there and whenever we don't use the remote control we put it in the charger. And when we're using that t remote and if we misplace somewhere, in the charger we have a small button, and just by pressing the button in the charger the uh remote control beeps, wherever it is. I mean it doe it also doesn't require a voice command, because there are problems with a voice command. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean charger would be fixed because it's always with electricity plugged. Yeah that's right. It's an good reminder, yeah that's right. And of course the final point is a fancy look. As we have seen earlier the remotes which were displayed by Norman they weren't fancy, I mean mm very big or something with lot of buttons. I think we should have something it I mean uh I mean uh I mean uh you see if it's like that even a kid who wants to have a control he could just plug it and use it, you can't avoid him. But you can have an button for child lock. So just by pressing the button with some code, you t you put a lock onto the remote, so that he can't use even Mm uh That's right. I think these other four points they're the market demands and so it's for the user interface design and industrial design to just think Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th uh these could be included. No, we have a problem there. You see uh if you have a voice commands and you are s you are watching a score on uh basketball score or something, and if the score comes twenty four thirty five, you've just say twenty five and suddenly the screen the channel goes to twenty five. So I think there should be a prefix to some numbers I mean the the you just check all the probability that saying T_V_ twenty five and just ordinary twenty five. Ordinary twenty five you almost there's a probability of being said around sixty seventy percent and T_V_ twenty five I dunno it will be round about one or two percent. So it's better to have some prefix before the number. Yeah something, some code. That will be too big. And it will be difficult for the vocabulary also. Als might be you just forgot the channel name, you kno only know the number. Then Yeah, the. Yeah yeah,. Yeah. A and in the same lines we would have a one more problem. If we are using the television in the different environments, say in the factories or in the shops where there is a lot of noise and this voice commands if they fail to work, that would bring a bad name bad uh reputation for our company. So I think we should specify some pre-requirements if we want to use a voice commands, say that it should be used in an silent homely environment or s something. Yeah that's right that should be an option. I think these are the practical problems. So we need to take care of them in the design. Okay. Oh it came there on three minutes back so we are I think we can just press the okay. Okay. See you another thirty minutes.