Yep. Yeah. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Yeah they are the most T_V_ watcher. So we should be careful. Yep. Well maybe it could be a universal design. A universal design, which is which is good for both the hands. Yeah? That's right, whether it's left hand or right hand, but but don't you think that the two points are clashing, one thing you are saying design should fit the hand shape and it should not be very small? The first and the third point, they are clashing. Okay. So fitting the hand doesn't mean much then. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. So it means design should be similar to the traditional ones? Little sleek, longer? And it should fit the hand. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hm mm-hmm mm-hmm. No it could be command control kind of thing. It requir recognises particular sequence and then it gets activated. Means you say you should say like does that, remote control being on or be on kind of thing, and then remote control comes in the picture for the speech recognition. Because this kind of thing means speech is there from the T_V_ also. So there should be something command controlled, you start and then you stop. It's like V_I_ editor, you are having two modes similarly. Otherwise it's just lying idle. Change the channels. Yeah. Mmm-hmm mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. But there is one problem then the user has to understand each of that functionality. Because the same button is doing too many things. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It does sampling out of the. Yep. So yeah. So most of the things which we are discussing about is speech recognition uh, that means on my own I yeah, it should be. Two. Okay so the working design is uh user i interface could be of two types, one is the usual press buttons which are there so that the user feels that he is knoing doing some he is knowing about that technology. So he is pretty comfortable if he wants to get this, and on top of that there there could be a speech recognition technology also being sitting on the on the remote. So the old kind of users who don't want to have any changes, it can it can be useful for them, and the new users, as uh our Marketing Expert was saying, they can use the new gizmo which is speech recognition kind of thing. That's right. So anyway, that didn't come into my mind, so th that is a possibility. These could be other kind of interfaces. Means we can have, depending on the cost, how much we can afford, we can have different kind of interfaces. So spe buttons are something which is very everybody is familiar with. So if you go to the market and you say that buttons are there the people know what it is, and on top of that if we are having extra functionality people are willing to shell that twenty-five Euros money which we are thinking. Otherwise we are just like others in the market. So anyway that is the first, user interface could be of more than one type, and uh yeah that means we can do the on-line changes which which cannot be done now actually. So apart from the speech, we can have the scroll kind of thing with the buttons. Now for buttons, normal requirements like bit coding and all those things are required. And for voice, limited vocabulary automatic speech recognition system is required and we require a microphone also to be sitting there on the remote. Uh that's right. But uh means we have to see how much what kind of microphones and stuff like that. Uh yes, if it is limited vocabulary usually it's enough. Yeah we we can uh target, means we can target ninety five percent accuracy or somewhere ninety seven perc That's right. No it it could be little d yeah it could be That's right. That's right. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Uh it's more like, means there are different speech technologies which are existing so D_T_W_ could be kind of which is the easiest. So you have to store some templates on the on the on the chip itself, and it's just dynamic time warping where you try to find out what it is, instead of having a model which has to be trained and being a micro-controller. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So we can That's right. Yep. Yep. No no. Components. Yeah. So, will you go to the next slide? Yeah so this is the design which we are thinking so. We are having a power button and the switch, which is not much, and then we are having the which is to indicate whether the power is on or not. And then there are two kind of things which can be so one is the button interface which has not been shown because because of lack of time. So we could not put that. So now where the A_S_R_ decoder is sitting, similarly there are different kind of interfaces which could be there. So there is A_S_R_ decoder which could be there, and then there could be another scroll button scroll scroller, and then there could be buttons, and all of them they will just do the decoding and put it in the math put it in the proper message format. And then there is there is the chip which is sitting, the green one, and it converts it into bit codes, and that bit codes are sent by the infrared device to the receiver. So this is the easiest design the there could be. So th an A_S_R_ decoder we can have things in. To have different technologies. So this was the my personal preference was that we can have A_S_R_ sitting there on the remote control. Yeah. Yeah but uh as soon as you try to put the microchip kind of thing or something the price will go up. So these are the slight problems. Because yeah the reason is that if we go into the market means though I don't have much idea, but as he the uh Marketing Expert presentation was So if we go with just the Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Alright. It's not possible. It's impossible. Are But just a small thing, what kind of market we are targeting? Is it that we are targeting the replacement remote market, or what? So the remote has gone bad and the person wants to buy a new remote or because the cost of L_C_D_ thing could be as high as the T_V_ itself. That is very important. Broke. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. It's it's cheaper as compared to the L_C_D_. Means th yeah twenty five Euros is yeah, that's right. Okay.