Okay so I think I will do my presentation on the components concept so can you please uh open uh I'm participant two. Components design. Okay so uh the first thing uh I have done is to to made a review together with the uh manufactural uh department and have which components was uh available to build a remote control. So for energy sources we have we have to choose between the solar energy, hand dynamo and uh kinetic um well uh kinetic uh technique to to store the energy. We also um we also can put a regular battery in the in the remote control. Now Yeah b uh f well uh I meant uh by by battery I meant uh I will not have a uh a wire between the remote control and the energy source but uh I didn't fou we didn't decide yet which kind of battery we will put inside the the remote. So uh it's a point to discuss. Then uh the case material we have uh uh also several choices, like wood, rubber, titanium or latex. But uh well it's not a a re uh well a real issue for the from the technical uh point of view. Concerning the interface uh we can we can put mm just simple buttons or scrolls or buttons uh much more complicated, but it also requires that the chip to process the button is more complicated so. And uh this is the last point, the choice of chips. So what I have f found is that I think basic battery or kinetic uh energy uh collection is the is the better way to provide energy because I think solar energy wi won't work in a cluttered uh uh environment. So um so I think we can start with these two main things. For the case uh well uh I think that uh titanium is um is a good choice because it's trendy and it's uh it's uh well it's modern and uh user are are are mm will be uh very happy to have a a a nice remote. For the interface uh I think that we can ach achieve uh all the desired functionalities by s just uh using uh rubber buttons, simple buttons and th thus this allow to use a regular chip that are uh well cheaper. And s so uh we can move to the next slide. Yeah. Well uh uh i i it's uh it's the the shape of the um of the remote. You you will have the well um the the curve will fit into your hand when you grab the Yeah. It's more confog f comfortable that if these uh it's completely flat. Yeah the um that's the point. The kinetic one is uh y you can recharge uh by the um Yeah and by well by just by moving the ar uh your arm the mm well the remote will uh accumulate energy. But I d I don't know it's if it is feasible because I don't know if yet if if the user will move enough to provide the remote um all the necessary energy. Yeah. And yeah and so can you go to the next slide please. So and uh that's uh that summarize well what I have said. So uh you're right we can uh see in our uh R_ and D_ uh if the kinetic metal is sufficient to provide enough energy. That's it. Oh yeah I take care, it's all right. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm mm mm. Yeah fine. Yeah. S a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but uh as Norman say if uh there is uh already a commercial product available who t who do this we we can check uh to integrate it i into our uh new remote control. Yeah yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Well I I think you it's it's it's fine you have uh reviewed all all the possibilities but uh uh well uh i if we consider that uh the user interface is displayed on the T_V_ screen I don't think we nee uh we need much buttons in the remote since we we just have to navigate and to have a okay or enter key or things like that, because uh adding wheels or scrolls uh makes the thing more complicated and more expensive also, so. Yeah. That's a good idea. To have a help button. Yeah. On the T_V_ screen. On the T_V_ screen the uh how to use your remote. Uh yeah. In a marketing point of view. But uh wel well I think Uh well. So le le let's see what uh what people want. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, the functionalities yeah. Yeah. Well mm w well I I I don't really see the advantage of having uh L_C_D_ on the on the remote control if we have a a a big screen and uh display on the screen. It's yeah of course it's fancy trendy and so on but it's it's expensive to produce and it's not really Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah but when you play with the iPod you don't have a big screen in front of you, s Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. So I th I I well I think we we can focus on the uh on the fancy look on the uh on the speech recognition if the technology is available but well I think L_C_D_ will uh will uh make us spend a lot of money for not so big results. So price of uh L_C_D_ display. And Yeah. Yeah okay. And Well uh compared to the to s the simpl simpler simplest button. Yeah. Yeah I think that Yeah I I I think that uh well uh as we have seen in the in the presentation uh well uh about uh uh fifty percent of the of the percent n choose the button so uh I think to have uh five uh simple button is sufficient for our functionality. Yeah. But But the uh the thing is is i is that we can add a functionality on the on the T_V_ screen like uh a a list of function and then you choose with the with the button to well you navigate and you Yeah. But if i i if we if we could have a a a display uh g a user interface that is very complete on the T_V_ screen I think that just five buttons are sufficient, one to go up left right down and uh enter and you you you just select the functionality you want to access or things like that. You don't have to to switch to a channel to another uh Yeah but Yeah but if you look at the L_C_D_ you you don't look at the T_V_ screen so i i it's not really worth to get to have the image if you don't look at, so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well so we we can think about a well a a vocal command like uh find and when the remote control uh hears fine well yeah just uh to make him beep or t Yeah. Yeah. Put Yeah. And that's a good idea, that's simple, like in phones. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah if there if there uh there is nuff not enough battery. Also and uh uh the remote is lost. Yeah. Okay. They were ugly. They Well the last one with the um yeah with the two parts was uh original, so Yeah. Yeah. Well we can think about uh having uh on the on the on the user interface when you switch on the T_V_ you can uh well write a code or choose a category, if it is kids, uh things like that. So for mm yeah. So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use, where to use, and s uh and so on. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think we can we can have just numbers for channels and you can say to your remote control like uh sports and then on the T_V_ you have a list with with uh uh well with sports program playing now and and uh That's right, yeah, yeah. Well but well e every possible word uh has a probability to come about of the T_V_ so. Yeah yeah. Yeah but well okay. Yeah yeah. Mm mm. Well I Yeah. Well I uh I also I I also think about uh another problem, if if there is uh more than one person who is watching T_V_ the s well the the speech uh r recogniser should be able to distinguish between the two. Because uh I remember when I was a young child with my sister we yeah we always want to w to watch different emission at the at the same time so it's a pr it could be a problem if uh if well if someone passes by when you are watching T_V_ and say oh T_V_ thirty and just run, s Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's well I think that's a good uh a good option because it's simple and uh simple to implement also, so. Okay. Okay. So I see ya.