Mm. Uh So I suggest we start the meeting uh without Matthew uh he's uh obviously late for some reason. Good. Um. Today uh we will uh talk about uh conceptual design. I hope uh you both did some uh some work uh concerning a uh conceptual design. Um this will be the uh agenda for the meeting uh. Uh I will take some minutes uh again. Um we will have the presentations of y of you different team members, and then try to come to decisions uh about the concepts uh you have presented. So and that uh will uh we have some uh forty minutes uh to complete this uh. So um who has the fir do you ha Anna do you have your presentation ready? Okay. Ah there is Matthew. So. Good. Do presentation ready? Oh okay. So did you manage uh Oh yes I see him, good yes. No. Okay mm yes I have it. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Spongy feel? Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yes well maybe Matthew can can give some more information on the Mm. Okay good, that's very clear. 'Kay. Um. Uh Maybe we yes well we maybe can decide later on um the l the the look and feel of uh I've it was a good idea maybe to to Yes the the the there are changeable covers, but on the other hand I I don't know whether my superiors would be so glad with it because you have to introduce a complete uh uh new l line of uh of supplies uh it would be uh very complicated uh organisational Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yes and of course it will be a we we get a if it works we can get uh after-sales I mean that would would be very good I mean those covers could go for for three, five Euro. That's a very good idea um And then uh maybe uh we can go a th Matthew's presentation because the Together indeed uh, because you ma might have some some information on the the easy to use, what you were already mentioning. Um yes but but I do maybe you can give a hand to us because I I'm not sure whether that that we can implement that for twelve Euro and fifty cents. I'm sorry to have Every time I have to come down on this price again to so this might be a little limiting for your creativity, but it's it's it's the real We have to consider it. S so do we think these ideas an and my uh sp speech recognition, I mean maybe it's possible for for twelve Euro but then then it will be at cost of other functionality we might implement like the uh uh the the the furry uh uh case of the Mm. Mm mm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. 'Kay good. Mm yes um I would Yes yes you can you can still. We have time. Nice. Mm-hmm. Well well m m maybe m maybe we can give the uh the uh the case a very uh uh normal a v very normal case but, with the changeable covers to fancy it up. So like a normal cheap plastic case which can be covered up in, for instance, a wooden case. I mean just what Mm-hmm. Mm. No of course. So So I f I think we we should come to some decisions now uh a about this. Um so I understand uh when we want a display we need a expensive chip, but when we want a scrolling wheel w we also need the expensive chip, so can we use same chip, so with one expensive chip we can uh implement several complicated uh or advanced features. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So when the more expensive chip you mentioned there is is possible in the in the given budget, uh maybe we should go for for the more expensive chip, so all features uh which you mentioned can be implemented based on the same chip. Do you think that's feasible? Uh You th you think it's possible. Hmm. Mm yes wh when you make a a design ca you can next meeting you can give an quite an exact cost price. That w that would be a very good idea. Mm. Good good. Yes but I can I think uh I think we can just use more cheap plastic for a kind of basic edition, and then people can fancy it up with with more expensive materials which which come with a with another price. Do do you agree? Ma I I think uh for next meeting we c you two can present a real design. Uh so drawing it on the board. And then we now sh only have to t to decide the general function uh. So um Let let's say next meeting w you produce two designs, one one one less advanced and one more advanced and with the cost price. Uh furthermore we go for the for the uh basic plastic case which can be later uh fancied up with uh with addit uh additional uh, how do you call them, these like like mobile telephones you can put a cover over it. But that that that that can be done later. We now can concentrate on the on the basic remote control. Um. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yes yes yes bi big keys is is good thing I think. No no. Mm mm mm. Mm w but then you have still have uh when you don't use it you have such a a an extent of your remote control which you don't use. So maybe it's possible uh, I don't know whether you can can indicate this, that you can elsewhere open your remote control and on the inside are uh buttons you don't use that much. Yes. Yes I I th that's what I mean so I mean something like like a book. Mm. Ju just make two designs, and the we we can decide decide between th those designs. I think that would be a good idea. So anyone uh any questions for now? Um yes I come to that uh uh Yes well m maybe uh, I don't know whether that's possible, maybe you can start evaluating uh their work somehow. I don't know whether that's possible uh in the given time but a as far as possible. So uh you two will be together w working on a o on two prototypes and further instructions will be uh will be sent to you by uh by email. Two. I Mm and then Hmm. Yes okay. Okay let's call this to an end.