Ramaro. Yeah, participant two. Component. Yep. So we're to mainly design f mainly need to know which components we'll use for energy, and the material and interface. For energy there are maybe two or three possibilities. First one, we can use simple battery, or we can use traditional solar cells or mm and the material we can have plastic, rubber which is good for this R_S_A_ and then uh titanium, which can be which have very good look an and then interface we're to use push buttons or liquid crystal d L_C_D_ display. And we can use some, moving kind of thing. So, as we discussed before, we need to we would like to have some speech recognition s chip in our remote control. So this can be simple kind of programmable chip and which can use microphone sensors. And we also want to look at our remote control, so. Still we are looking for possible uh technical uh specifications and how w easy we can do and within our pri range, like we're to in our twelve Euros or around that. So we are looking for simple devices or simple technology to do the location of remote control in a room or in a house. So uh we discussed an Excuse me. So we would like to propose battery instead of solar cells and it would be problematic uh to have enough energy with the solar cells and so we would like to just use simple battery. And also we want to go for titanium design instead of rubber or and well the problem is with this design we found that we can't use double-curved shapes. Like you can have two curves. Uh it's I think in manufacturing I guess it's problematic. So, we want to go for simple push buttons because it need a simple chip and it's really lesser uh re really less expensive compared to L_C_D_ which are uh which needs advanced chip technology and it's more expensive, since we want to put some other features such as speech recognition we want to reduce uh cost. Uh Uh And also like in if you put a it's be difficult to do all the moulding of buttons and these things and Yeah. Yeah. Like in cell phones recently these you can with the rubber in four directions and yeah. But full assembly We'll use mainly for titanium rubber is expensive and also it's bit difficult to do all the shapes uh. And this push buttons we we would like to use push buttons instead of L_C_D_s and so we want to mo I mean we're we want to put speech recognition so we want to reduce price on this technology and so that we can have enough space or enough money for S S Y yeah we have simple buttons and speech recognition technology, so Uh l So uh it's like a Yeah maybe maybe we can see depending on how we'll come up with our full design then if we have enough money or like for and because the speech recognition technology will take at least five Euros or or something so we want to reduce the cost on display or this inter Ok Yeah, that can we we can consider, because like it won't take much money I guess, because Okay, yep. You have any further questions or? Yeah. Yeah, we're to go for li and now I think we have many options in the market so we can go for small nickel or alkaline batteries for really light batteries and with uh good price. Yeah, that's then the the one thing we want to know is like because remote control is used for like in the household so it it it will be it m maybe at least five, six people want to use it so so how to uh uh how to define our re speech recognition whether we want to do s speaker independent or speaker dependent. If we're going for more speaker independent then it would be like again cumbersome and we need really m more technology and so Yeah, if if everybody in the house n to locate then we're to go for some speaker independent technology or something. Yep. Thank you. Yeah. Oh. We have uh some limitations. Three. So maybe you can use in the end and Uh Mm. Yeah. But it's uh But it would be expensive, no? If you use colour L_C_D_. Uh instead of that maybe we can change the colour of the assembler. Maybe we can just if users want more colours they can pay more money to get this uh the shapes and they can have different assembly. So users have different I mean they have their own interests, colour interests and so So we can just if they want they can just pay another two Euro. Yeah. Yeah yeah yes. If they want like uh so that we can yeah. Yeah. Just they'll get few more things and few more colours. Lights, yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh Mm. But those people will be really few, no? So like we can those Ah. Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Yeah maybe like the infrared like we can put some radium chips or something so that like at least um yeah. Yeah, that Oh. Yeah. Uh that mm that could be feasible I guess, like So since we have we want to do some speaker dependent speech recognition uh so we can use yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh it's Hmm. Four. Mm. Yeah kind of um maybe Yeah it Yeah. Yeah. We need to think about mm mm. Fruit. Even shape? More yeah. Yeah. Mm. So these abilities are mainly ad addressed by young people? Or it's This you you so did you Where? Oh. Oh, okay, mm-hmm. It's not from mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. It's more general trend it's not particular to the remote control. Mm. Yeah. Yeah but some materials n they're to be uh they're to be something like solid like they can't be really spongy or yeah yeah. yeah, yeah sponge, yeah yeah at least that's Yeah yeah that yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah, looking yeah fruit. These things can be easily incorporated. We can have t colours or this shape or at least yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Look and feel de Hmm. Hmm. Mm sounds interesting. So, can we highlight the specific features of our yeah, so so we want the speech recogniser and we want some kind of buttons and we want some themes like fruits or vegetables, that's we want to follow general trend. Yeah. So, do you think Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. That's So what about location and these things, people are really interesting on those features? Or they really like They more want these fancy features like Feature Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh we will try to explore these two options and yeah yeah. Uh yeah at least like we can make banana or yeah it's it's yeah that's a we're to look for and and s we're to see the whether rubber is expensive and d Hmm. Mm. Yeah. Maybe we can have two different assembly also like one spongy and one kind of titanium. we have only the plastic or the the chippy yeah fibre chips or Uh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Even design. So still we want to keep L_C_D_? Or Okay. Yeah, then we can yeah, yeah, that user friendly or Mm. Yeah. Yeah. and we just stick with two batteries so it's not any solar or yeah yeah j yeah, because Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we're done. Yep.