Yep. Yeah. No no no. Yeah. Mm. So uh first I will present the concept of user interface. Um there's three concepts in the user interface. So first one it's a Google controller. The second is a fancy controller. The last one is uh intelligent controller. So there are three concepts in our controller. Um n next I will explain one by one, the first is Google controller. Um, so I want the controller to be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. So it's a combination of easy to use and um sophisticated functions. Uh this is a first concept of our controller. The second concept is a fancy controller, um so we want give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive, um they can easy recognise our controller among a lot of products, so so the u the user f the the u user interface should be very very cute, very very g um attractive. Such like this, there are several uh examples in the slides. Yeah, it's very, you know if you're Yeah. It's hard f i it's easy for you to remember it. Or to recognise it, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the last uh concept is intelligent. We want uh we want our controller to be smart, so maybe we should uh use um uh technology, such as speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology, so we need to have coop some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and um gesture recognition. Um With this advanced features we I think we can attract a lot of user. Okay. No. There this is the three concepts of our controller. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so Y Uh I think some time it's very uh convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use button. For example, if you cannot find your uh controller, you can just uh just just uh speak something such as, yeah, one two. Yeah. So you can use your gesture. That's no problem. For limited vocabulary speech recognition is very reliable and for s limited vocabulary gesture recognition is also very Yeah. Yeah, they cannot speak at the same time. Yeah, it's very interesting. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's the advantage of intelligent controller. Even you h you have the controller, I can I can say channel three, so it's c come to channel three, I don't have to It's advantage. How much? No no we we d we we just are use um No no we just um have some cooperation with some research institute, we don't have to do some basic research on this field. Yeah, I think it's uh because uh this technology is uh um for limited wor or limited wor uh lexical recognition, it's very it's uh yeah. It's No it's uh Even for the f um because the the vocabulary the The vocabulary is very small, so that's not a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the key, the key um the key of our the key feature of our controller is that it's it has some some um adaptation mechanism. It's It's it means when you when you sell this controller in China it's can recognise Chinese. It's r if you sell this controller in France it can recognise French. Yeah, it's Because of this product uh this technology has already been developed. So Yeah. Yeah. Oh n Yeah, yeah tha that's why we have to do language adaptation. Yeah. Even for each f for even for different family we have to do d yeah we would we have to do adaptation to No, it's not so complex. No no no it's not I think that's n that's not a problem because you you don't have to wear a microphone. It it just the microphone is embedded in the controller. Where is the controller? It's in your family, in your home. Yeah. Yeah you can you can embed it uh microphone here. Yeah yeah just you just put the controller here, then you you use your command and you do s your gesture. No no it's n y if you lose it Yeah. Yeah. I think it we should give the uh flexibility to the user and we think yeah. You can see they can switch form one modality to another. No, that's quite inter quite attractive. Well, if you do language adaptation, there should be no problem. We should have confidence in technology. More features, yeah. Yeah but if if you stick to um stick to the first two parts. So what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market? There's no k features of our controller, so is there is there any necessary to design new controller without any breakthrough features? Would y would you replace your controller with a controller with similar function if you do not have some some function inside it that Yeah, you y that's a fun that's not the function of the controller, that's a function of T_V_. You can replace your T_V_ with a new T_V_ with internet browsing function, but Okay. But it's not the only the problem only the issue of controller, it's it's also the issue of the T_V_. Yeah, but we do we do we we we cannot rely one hundred percent on these features to u to use the controller, but with the features of our controller such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile but you seldom use it, your mobile, but you when you choose a new mobile, you choose the one with voice recognition. That's the feature is not one hundred percent reliable, but it's a feature to distinguish our product from our from other products. Yeah. Yeah, uh Yeah, if if if if you're if you ar if you already have a product it works one hundred percent reliable, would you replace it with another one? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yes, but there's no big difference between the traditional controller. The then nn no. Tha But the there's there's n there's n not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one if there's no key feature in the new controller. That's the same yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It did didn't r receive it. Didn't receive it. Participant one. Participant one. Yeah, maybe we can first come to uh to Frahan. With Frahan, then you can prepare your slides, then present it later. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So you got email? Mm. Later? Pla Uh yes. Yeah. Yeah. The smart controller. Okay. Mm. Yeah. It's good. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yep Okay. Okay.