Okay. I think so. Yeah, that's a good plan. And I'm a marketing person. I wanna figure out how to sell them. My name is Eileen. Okay. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay so Three different types of design that we're gonna be concerned with okay. Functional, conception and detailed. Maybe we should redesign it. After we've finished the remote control we'll get to that. Okay, I'll see what I can do. See if I r See if I remember how to draw a kitty cat or a rabbit or something. So that it will record okay. Um uh um traditional kitty cat. I've a very fat cat. And it likes to sit like that. Okay. Am I supposed to wipe off that or okay. Okay. Uh, okay. I hope the kitty cat is hungry 'cause I don't like snakes. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm 'kay that should keep everybody on their toes and challenged. Profit. Um is fifty mm. Oops. At um twelve fifty Euros per Well who knows if we get a really good designer maybe we can do that. We certainly can try to I agree with her that to market something successfully it should do some more things. That's right. Yeah okay, friendly shape, that would help. I think another thing that would help is um if it beeps when you clap, because I think one of the big things that happens is people lose them. They can't find it. Mm-hmm. So some Uh so, so it's really the beep or, or a light should blink. Mm 'kay. And do you think a good c c um clue for that is that it would respond to a clap or it would respond to your voice or it would respond what what should you have to do to make it beep or blink? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay so Okay. So the light sensor would activate the signal. Mm-hmm. But it could be someplace really obvious and you still wouldn't be able to find it. Well, because you're s because you're silly. Because people are silly. I mean it could be on well, i if it were like on top of your bookcase and you usually kept it on the coffee table um, you know, well maybe we have to move along, okay. Mm-hmm. We have to justify that price by having sufficient features to make it sell at that price. Mm. Okay, I think I have enough to think about 'til our next meeting. How about you people? Really? Okay. 'Kay. Alright, well uh Okay, very good.