Hello. Okay. Okay, I'll start. Can you open my presentation, please. I'm number four. Trend. Yep. Can you pass the mouse, please. Oh okay, that's fine. Okay. Um so basically I just want to presented to you present to you some recent results we've had from um looking at uh um some remote control market research and some fashion trends around the world. Um the fashion trends we got from talking to our our contacts in the fashion industry based in Paris and Milan. Um so f from our market research basically we've come to the conclusion that a fancy look and feel, um as opposed to a functional look and feel, is our number one priority. Um fancy is is is is the, you know, highest priority. Secondly um that our remote control needs to be techn technologically innovative. Um so this is t number two priority but it's two times less important as the fancy criteria. Um and third thirdly the easiness of use is is the um is is important as well, but again two times less important as the technologically innovativeness of the remote control. From our f fashion people in Paris and Milan, um we've discovered that this year um fruit the fruit and vegetable motif will be the most important thing in in clothes, shoes and furniture. So, I'm pretty confident that our remote control fits into the furniture category. And also um the feel of material this year um is expected to be spongy. Um so hopefully our remote control reflects that s in some way. Uh sort of um squishy. Um. Yeah soft, like a uh like a sponge. I don't know. Yeah. Um so in conclusion, we need a our remote control needs to be something that's really fancy, um has lots of technolog tech technology in it. Um somehow would be good to have it related to fruit and vegetables with a spongy feel. And that it's easy to use and from our last meeting our you know Fabian told us that w you know one of the requirements is that we have to reflect the look and feel of our of th the Real Reaction company. Um. That's it. Less important. So um fanciness first and then two ti you know, half as important as that is technology technology, and half important as technology is easy to use. So. Inch. So So Ca Can I ask a question. This seven inch T_F_T_ screen, how big is it in reality? So like that. That's quite big. Uh uh have we decided that we're gonna use this T_F_T_ screen? But I mean even even that is like this big. Yeah. You can cut the T_F_T_ screen. Okay, so Okay. So, what's the size of the device? Even from my perspective seven t seven centimetres by seven centimetres is still Is it Can you hold that, or? Yeah, a small c control that they can hold in hand. But is something that's seven centimetres square e easy to hold? Okay. So if we use s solar cells, um where is the sun if someone's watching T_V_ inside? Okay. Okay. It's it's quite innovative, yes. And if you watch T_V_ outside it's very useful. Which is the same area. Could you re could you redesign your board? Oh, five five centimetres by ten centimetres. Yeah. Mm, touch screen. So Well it's it's definitely the obvious choice, with the colour of our company. I mean what other what other fruit and vegetables Do you know of any any other fruit and vegetables that are yellow? Well I'd like a shaped screen. I think that's more important than saving a bit of money on on the T_F_T_ screen. Yeah, banana's good. Okay. I think if we if we have a spongy layer on the outside of the banana then it's easy to make that, you know, to manipulate that to hav be a cover that you can pull off and I think for sure. Definitely. The softer the better. Yeah. We could use Velcro. Or uh ma maybe a magnetic thing. Yeah, I imagine some sort of vinyl thing. In a in a sort of a with a suede sort of feel. Maybe. Mm. So you're saying is it possible to have a solar cell and this removable cover and And a and a banana. Yeah. Okay. I think it's important. I think One of our p priorities is tech technology. And Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you.