Hi. Mm-hmm. Interface designer. Yes. Yes. Okay, I can start first. Okay. Now my slide, please. Three. Participant three. Yes. Okay. Now as an interface designer, I would give more emphasis on the interface, how the remote looks like so that it is sellable, it is attractive to customers. Next, please. Okay. Now the function of a remote is to send messages to the television. This messages could be uh switch on-off message or switch to next channel message or swapping the channels or switching onto a particular channel, like you can have the numbers one, two, three, four, up to nine. Pardon me? Yes, nine numbers. And then you have swapping of uh button by which using which you can swap the channels if you don't want to see the third channel you can swap it to the fourth channel or vice versa. Then it should have a next button, and next button channel by which you can keep on uh v uh mm eh scrolling the channels one by one. Next slide, please. Then you should have a button which should which ca which can be used for increasing or decreasing the volume. Then, there should be a button which can give subtitles for a particular program which is going on a television. For example, if you are watching a French program and you would like to have a subtitles in English, then there should be a channel which can trigger this mechanism in the television so that the user can see uh the the subtitles on the screen. Then there should d uh there should be some buttons which can control features like the colour, colour of the picture, the contrast, sharpness, brightness of the picture. Now there should be a memory switch. There should be a mute button. Suddenly if if if uh uh viewer he gets a telephone call, and if he want he doesn't want to switch off the uh T_V_, but he he can reduce the sound, he can bring the volume down and he can watch he can uh while talking he can watch the T_V_. Now the most important feature I would like to have in my remote would be the speech recognition feature. It's an integrated progra programmable sample sensor speaker unit. So a remote can be th can be uh designed which can have the voice recognisers, you can record your own voice which can be recognised by as voice recogniser in the television, for example, if you want to see we if you want to see the ninth channel if you say just say ninth channel, uh th now the the uh yeah, the remote will automatically it will switch to the ninth channel. So the T_V_ will have some recogniser which will recognise the user's voice and accordingly it will change its functionalities. So this is one of the very important feature a remote control can have. So this is one one of the interface which can be created. A very simple interface which has all the t uh uh important features. Then, please, next slide. Then, these are some of the remotes which are different in shape and colour, but they have many buttons. So uh sometimes the user finds it very difficult to recognise which button is for what function and all that. So you can you can design an interface which is very simple, and which is user-friendly. Even a kid can use that. So can you go on t t uh to the next slide. Yeah, so this is one of the interface or one of the remote which has this vi voice recogniser. And this has multi-purpose use, it can be used for T_V_, it can be used for cable-satellite, it can be used for V_C_R_, D_V_D_s and audio. And this has in-built voice recogniser. Can you go on to the next slide? Yeah, now this is an interface for a chil uh for a remote uh uh which a child can use. Uh this is user-friendly, it's very attractive and uh children can use it as well as they can play with it. And this comes with different colours, different shapes. And this this uh child uh interface has minimum buttons and all the important uh buttons are there in this small, compact, attractive child interface. Next slide, please. Now this is a big over-sized remote which cannot be misplaced or it's impossible to misplace. this. So this is No this is a very big, you cannot misplace it anywhere. So this is a jumbo universal remote control and it's impossible to im misplace or lose. This i this is one such interface which can be created. And the personal preference uh would be a spe uh uh to incorporate speech recognisers uh which will respond to user's voice for a particular uh function. Thank you, that's Mm yes. Okay. Okay. We can. It works. Mm yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Transmit. Okay. Okay. Push-buttons. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Uh yes, I would like to include this feature which is called as voice recogniser. This could be uh one feature which could be sellable. Mm-hmm. No, it's it's, uh yeah, it it's like your recording of uh all uh um a question already, and then you're expecting an answer from th For example, you have a T_V_ system, I'm the user and my family members are the user, I will already record uh a question like, uh good morning, like around eight o'clock I want to see the news in the television. So I'll say just good morning and the T_V_ will switch on. It will recognise my voice and will switch on. Battery. Yes. Yes. And compact. Trendy design and compact. Yes. Push-buttons. And Supplements like different types of features buttons, like can have a f mute button or a swapping button. Recogniser. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you.