Did you get my email with the slides? Ah. Tricky. Dunno. Maybe they're supposed the pen's supposed to go over the seats. Might be seat floor rather than person. Yeah, put it back. Yep. Yeah. Jo's making faces at me. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm, object tracking. Okay. Well we can't no we can't do evaluation 'til we have a design. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay so it's it's t a very basic remote then, it's only Mm. Mm. Can I see? Thanks. Okay I like the volume control, that's good. Uh-huh. So it doesn't actually have buttons. Did you wanna see? Mm. It won't talk back. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. So it's well outside the budget then. That's on top of the sixteen, or is it part of that? So that takes it down to thirteen Euros without the speech recognition. Mm-hmm. Mm. What's this one on the side? Ah okay. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. I like the shape of them, I do like the the size and the the shape. Mm-hmm. Okay. And maybe we run the evaluation on both of the products, both of these two. Okay. Basically this is what we've talked about already, um, from the marketing point of view. We just wanna make sure that we've taken into account Yep. So it's just a shortlist of criteria on um the things that we've identified as being important to selling the product. Um we just go through these and rate them as a group and then at the end we'll make an evaluation based on that, so just average the score of those items, so These are the things we identified as being important. Um the three things were look and feel, innovation and ease of use, were the three important components um appealing to the correct demographic so using those things in the right way to appeal to our demographic. And then goin following the company motto, following the fashion trends and putting that into the product as well. So well do you wanna go through and put through those on the the two products now or do we wanna discuss them further and then evaluate them? Okay. So f just go through onto the whiteboard I guess. Not sure how this is gonna come out. So the first one was really very far below budget, would you want to take the price down of the end product according to that or just have the high profit on it? 'Cause if we're only going to make it for eight Euros then we have a Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay so look and feel, innovation Mm-hmm. And trends. Oh, you following the idea of using the um removable covers on these? Is that part of both of them or? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Yep. So it's the pink. And the other one's green. Okay, so look and feel? Where um one is I've broken the pen again. S yeah. Get that one. Um w one's bad and seven's the best. Sorry, one's true and seven's false. One's the best. So on a scale of one to seven? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. On the scale u it's between functional and fancy basically we're looking at, so Mm-hmm. Four? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. No that's the ink's dried. Battery's low, isn't it the ink? The b that's the that that one? battery there. Mm. No I think it's lost a battery. No it's It would still write but it wouldn't pick it up with the sensors. You got a second? Well we won't be able to tell. Is that working? Did it come out? Good. Okay. Because we'll be able to see it still even if it wasn't working, it's just a normal whiteboard marker but it wouldn't be picked up on the the actual whiteboard. And the other one? I think it's slightly better, um, it's hard to tell from just the plasticine, but Mm. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. The other thing is, is the left hand one protruding? 'Cause if people are left handed they want to use the other hand, maybe it won't work so well. Okay. I'd say two or three for that one, personally. Probably more towards three than two. Okay. Mm, okay. Yeah it's d it's definitely more fancier than that one. Okay. So, consensus? Two or three? Two? Um, 'kay. Innovation. The first one, not really muc Mm. Yeah. Do we Mm. What What features are we actually including? Are we including like a location kind of thing like trying to find it? There's nothing like that? But th is there any there's no actual innovation in that at all, it's just a straight-out remote control. Okay. Okay. So there's no this uh look and feel thing, though that's not a technological innovation. So I'd be up for seven for innovation. Okay. So what is it, what are the innovations with this? Got the L_C_D_ screen. Is that in this one though? Is this 'cause this is the Th th there were different options we discussed then, we discussed the one that was in budget and the one that was out of budget. Okay. So the cost for these were what was the cost for the first one? Eight Euros? And this one was sixteen Euros. Okay. So. Innovation for this one is two? One? Two? Mm. Well the speech recognition is a very good innovation I believe it, so Give it a one? Yep. Okay. Ease of use? Mm. Yeah. Yep. So that's maybe a a two for ease of use. Okay. So maybe a three or a four. Mm. Okay. Consensus? Three or four? Three? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. So three's uh how well it goes to the target demographic. So we're d we're still thinking twenty to forty year olds? That's Mm. So sh completely changed our demographic there, it's not part of the the funky young thing. Yeah. If it was the very bottom price range or it was like between this and another one we did the same thing then I can imagine it being applying to the the demographic yeah. That's it's still Ye Mm. 'Cause we have got room, we've got some budget there to add a few things to it, that's right. Mm-hmm. And Mm. But it's going to be cheap whatever though, it was set with i we've got a set price. Yeah. There's nothing that would make me spend an extra k few Euros on that one rather than another one. Okay. Um and the demokraphi demographic of the second one? It's got the got the the toys in it, it's got the L_C_D_ screen and Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think especially if we're gonna n have an L_C_D_ screen on a low range product then that's good. Mm. Okay. I'd probably go with three again for that one. Mm-hmm. Okay. So, two, yeah? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yep. And especially I guess 'cause this has the speech recognition as well, and that makes it more appealing, it's more of a a new fun toy. Mm-hmm. Okay. And following the trends. So the trends were the fruit and vegetables and the spongy feel. So as it is, not really doing either of them. Well, the spongy could be part of the the feel of the buttons as well, I know some have you tried the mobile phones that have got the kinda spongy buttons and not not exactly spongy but I'm thinking one of the Nokias that's got like you ca it hasn't got individual buttons it's got just a one bit on it and so you can that feels kinda spongy. So it's sort of, yeah. Mm. Okay. But that's if you're using the covers. Or is it just one Well they make it for mobiles, it can't be that much more complicated. So you got the option of having different colours or different textures. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. I think the if we do the cover that's really going with the company's philosophy of having the fashion in in electronics, it lets people have the latest fashion even next year when fruit and vegetables might be out, you'll still be able to put a new cover on it and then it'll still be in fashion. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yep. Yep. Mm. And then you have the option of having the different colours, different covers. Mm. There's n yeah. 'Cause that's the that's the feature that could be included in either of them. Although it is more with the spongy buttons on the um on the other one. Okay. So. Two and three, or one and two? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay so the average of that is three six nine divided by five, so five mm nine by five, one point s eight? This one, eleven thirteen nineteen twenty one, divided by five is four point two yep. Okay. But we still got a very different price for those two so they're not really comparable yet anyway. Yep. Yep. Mm-hmm. Well it's easier to just make that one cheaper by just taking the speech recognition out. That'll basically take us down to the budget. Mm. Yeah, it's gonna be more than just the biggest case, definitely. Either of them. Mm. They're both going to be not basic cases. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The basic one, yep. So now we're either going button or L_C_D_s, L_C_D_ display. Is that price per unit, or for the whole thing? So it would need twelve buttons. Mm. And that's without any special button supplements. So we'd have a special colour, special form and special material on all of them. They're not just standard buttons. But I thought it would be curved on two it's like it's curved on the sides and curved on the top and bottom as well, that's what I thought. You talking about concave curves? You think a single curved? Mm. We have more, we've got those the scroll wheel on the side and yeah The sc Mm. We've got a scroll wheel for the volume don't we, or is it some other thing that's not on there. 'Kay we've only got five minutes left guys so we need to wrap it up pretty fast. So this is even more than the um than the cost you gave, the sixteen Euros. But that's seven basic buttons right, seven buttons without any adds-on, without special colours or form or material. Well So the L_C_D_ display is is three Francs, sorry three Euros, by itself. Mm. So twelve Euro fifty, we got two off of the battery, we can't do anything about that, so ten fifty, if we want an L_C_D_ dispra display, that's seven fifty um, so we've got seven fifty to use for the case and for the buttons. And the chip. Sorry the chip's up there already. So we're gonna have to scale this down to get within budget, there's no doubt about that. Mm. Yep. Mm. Yeah. I think, unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the L_C_D_ display. For the price, it's gonna be what we can afford, and it's looking like we can't afford the L_C_D_ display, there's no way we can get it in there. Mm. Mm-hmm. I th I'd like t it to be in but I can't see it happening. I can't see it fitting in. Bu y you're a power voter uh veto anyway as Project Manager. well we have to make a decision now, that's it. Mm. I think then we we're really losing ease of use. Okay. Okay. So L_C_D_'s out, is speech rec out now? We've Yep. Yep. So are we basically back to the original one now, back to the first version? Which turns out to be on budget exactly, pretty much. With these new costings. So just look at forget that one and look at that one now. Mm. Yep. Okay. Well that's that's Yep. So. Mm. Yep. So w we can go back and l talk to the suppliers maybe and see if we can drive the prices down to add a few more things in but that's all we can do with the restrictions we have at the moment. Mm-hmm. Okay.