So we are here to talk about functional design. Now hopefully we've all got a better idea from than we did f leaving the last meeting as to what it is we are up to now. So here's an agenda. Uh I'll open. Um you should know that I'll be taking minutes during all the meetings, as I was struggling to our last time uh and that'll be easier for me now because I'm not actually giving the whole presentation. Uh the additional points are just the stuff that we sent and that I forwarded on from upper management having a few bright ideas to make our lives painful. Um now you can all give your presentations. We can talk about the requirements and hopefully come to some decisions. Right, forty minutes for this meeting, so a bit more time than the last one. Here's the additional points I just wanted to put those in there to see if you guys had any comments on them. Uh did you all receive that email? So does anyone have any overall Mm. Mm. Yep. Mm. Well tha that first point could uh also be an op opportunity because in seeing that teletext is becoming outdated, some sort remote control that can work with the Internet there is the opportunity that's presented, I guess. Okay. Okay. Yeah. but but we are sort of being dictated that this should only be for the television. So we're quite fixed. So we're really probably, in terms of marketing, are looking for that's uh that's a cost winner rather than a fantastic new feature product. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. But there's also the potential for mark there's a market here for our lost teletext. For example someone that just goes to the shop that wants a replacement wants it as cheap as possible. Twenty-five Euros is the selling price, we really have to innovate here I guess. Mm. K yeah. Mm 'kay. Okay. Okay I think that the last point is probably quite uh straightforward. Obviously the the w it has to be branded. 'Kay. On the product yeah. Can you handle that black and yellow? Mm. Nah. So we have three presentations, and I think we'll go in order of participant number here. So we can have a look at the working design first from participant two. That's Okay. Mm it's enough. But uh click it on off? Do we have an idea of costs of different components? 'Kay. Mm 'kay. Do we have any ballpark figures for that yet? No. 'Kay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks. And we have participant three, which I believe is Pedro. I can give you that to click on. And you wanna get View a slide show, that's what you wanna do, yeah? Just go up to view. Mm 'kay But I t I think what the the management recommendation was less that there's a worry that teletext will become outdated rather than we shouldn't have it. So I I still think if it's cheap enough functionality-wise to include, it really should be in there. Because otherwise we're just going to I mean even if it's necessary or not, if you if you're given the choice between a t a remote with teletext or without uh when it really if it i if it isn't more expensive for us to k make because as far as I understand it, it can be operated with the same set of buttons, yeah? So it should be in there. Yeah. Okay. Isn't Well maybe what we're getting into here is the the idea of uh Internet through the T_V_ for example. So that might play on what we can do. Well you have digital T_V_ still already. Well there there is a for example on digital T_V_ systems you have you can press a button and you can buy things in adverts, and you can uh you can view through a catalogue for example. A a family member of mine has got a system where you just um you can Yeah, and there's other features for example on other systems where you can pause live T_V_ and things like that. They're just features from the Internet uh from computers are are coming into the T_V_ sort of under the covers, but you still use it through a teletext. So now the things to think here are that that there's gonna be more functionality, potentially that we can handle. Mm. But still there there's an opportunity. If if it's, for example, a trainable one then we're just simply having like an up, down, left, right, an okay button or something like that might might do as well in future proofing it. Mm. Okay. Yeah, and neither do I in fact. Bu uh. I'll communicate that back to those guys there a a and th the message really we wanna be sending to them is that, although teletext may become outdated w there's no l logic in not having it in there anyway i if it doesn't affect the price. Um but I I think what they're pushing us towards here is in terms of thinking of ways to future-proof our system for future systems that have something else other than teletext maybe. I dunno I'm Mm 'kay. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. So if we're keeping it basic we're loo loo what we're looking to sell it basically is it's uh just being very easy to use, looking exceptionally good, that sort of thing. 'Cause we really don't have anything else there, do we? Mm-hmm. But i if design if design is cheap and functionality is basic, then twenty-five Euros is probably a high price for a commoner garden stan standard T_V_ so the place uh remote the then the place we're going to justify that cost is through through design through making it a a sleek elegant high-priced basic remote. Does that make sense, huh? Mm. Yeah we probably should. We we're doing alright for time. Yeah. Okay. Sorry that kinda cut into you there. Mm. So we are looking for something that looks good and just works, rather than looking for any special features. Is that Mm. But we can talk a little bit more potentially in the marketing marketing presentation about this. Be a good idea. Uh sorry, I didn't mean to cut in. I'm not the boss. Okay. I think that's probably a question more for for this guy here, yeah. Is it? Okay. Mm. Hmm. Okay. I have a question uh for you. Does any of the um the features that Pedro's spoken about here have any implications we might not have thought about on in terms of just pure functionality? In terms of making it work or the cost of that or Okay. 'Kay. Cheers. Onto participant four. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Now the the question is can we make this for less than twelve-fifty per? We we well do we necessarily have to change the end cost because uh Can we dl can we do that without uh changing it twelve-fifty per product, if we basically can sell more based on this? Mm-hmm. Yeah we we can certainly push for a more expensive product if that's gonna be Nah, I think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. And and th to get to back to another point, sorry uh uh for cutting in but, I th I think it's important to remember that that this remote has to work with multiple T_V_s, yeah, 'cause it's selling on its own. It's not going to be specifically for Hitachi T_V_s or or whatever. So technologically, if I understand it, uh T_V_s T_V_ remote's working exactly the same way as video remotes and D_V_D_ remotes. All you need to do is train them to the individual one, all you need to do is is know the the f like some four-digit code. So saying that it works with all T_V_s is equivalent to saying that it'll work with D_V_D_s and other things. Oh okay okay. We have done this. I see. Mm-hmm. And I I'd Mm sorry. So we really can't chase that. We're really looking for something basic. The the one thing that that that you said really struck a chord with me here in that we're we're carrying the corporate identity with the product, but we're actually looking for a large profit at the same time where I'd be inclined to go back to upper-level management and say like let's just cut down our profit expected on this product because we are actually branding our company here. We're selling more than just the product. We're trying to get mind-share about uh Real Reaction to to the people who are gonna buy consumer electronics. We want people to eventually say, oh that's that's Real Reaction that's a good m make. It's reliable. And and we're gonna make it we're gonna win mind-share by uh either being a fantastic product or for it working, it just being good, reasonable-priced, and solid. So if we can make if we can put an emphasis here on it not breaking I think that's in itself an extremely big thing. We only have a few minutes left. Is twenty-five Euros a mid-market price for a remote? Okay. Okay. Well I'd be inclined to say, if we can make the design better than any comparable remote while reducing the cost, then that's the way we really should play it. If we can take it down to you know fifteen rather than twenty-five and make a low profit-margin on it, but we're really doing that to sell the brand. Yep we have five minutes left. Uh rather th uh to to to sell for Real Reactions. And I can communicate this to to the more senior uh mm people within the company here to to get a reaction. Well how does everybody feel? I I think The other the o the problem with that in my mind I just think off-hand as a as a consumer, would I wanna buy that? And I think maybe not because I've got a remote and I'll take it to different chairs, I'll take it to different I w I don't wanna go over somewhere and put it down. It i if it is gonna be somewhere that you put it down then it needs to be at the side of your armchair, and that implies that there's only one T_V_ user. So it's very good for some people but it's not a like But it it takes away the ease of use of the remote to a certain extent. You have to l sort of remember. You have to d shift down the side of the couch to find it and put it back and Yeah. I d I d I d I think it it in my mind it doesn't seem like something that oh I'd really want uh because of that fact. But I I don't know, that's just my opinion. Mm. 'Kay. So what do we think maybe we should Pedro, do you have any opinion on it? Really need to wrap up now. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I mean there's al there's also remote controls I remember that that worked uh, this hasn't been done in a while I think, but th as a as a watch. Yeah, there is remote control watches um, but I think they're a sorta eighties thing, so it might not be easy to market in it uh but the the technologies came along and it might be cheaper to make now. Those things may have been inexpensive for all I know. Gotta cut up. Mm. The last remote you'll ever buy. Well if if we're going down that then we can we don't need to go the it it strikes me that the locator feature might actually be uh quite expensive to make. Whereas actually just putting it in a power cradle might not be too expensive at all because that's just done with mobile phones you can just n we we have said we have actually similar products that we can take from and potentially cut costs there. Um need to look into whether we can do that but uh I think we we have some m mobile phone-based products uh checking quickly our Internet. We really need to finish up here. But uh Yeah we have the the power-adaptor products. We sell power-adaptor products. So for example there's nothing stopping us using that technology. Yeah. Yeah I think so, without it being too In fact we can cut costs through using the manufacturing that's already gonna be in place here. Okay. Yep. 'Kay. Thanks guys.