Mm-hmm. Abdul al-Hasred is my name. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Also have to say Did you receive the email about the voice recognition? No? Yeah. You we uh an email from the manufacturing division that they have basically a voice recognition chip already developed. Says Yeah. It says that ri right now they just use it to uh to record uh answers to particular questions. But I guess it could be I guess it's possible. I mean instead of recording the answers you can just uh record uh something simpler like a command. Yeah you reco recognize commands and you can record new commands and stuff, so if they already have it as uh as a chip then we we could use it. Okay. Mm-hmm. I have a question about that actually. Um, what is the purpose of the light? Is But But in th in the dark uh Yeah but is going to be always turned on, the light? But if you move it then you have it, you don't need to find it. You can see the buttons better, of course. Yeah. But if you move it then you have to have some sensor to when you move it to detect your movement. Yeah, but you need another sensor for that, right? Yeah no it's too expensive. Okay. Mm. Extra. Yeah, okay. Mm. Yeah, but I expected also the wheel would be cheap but you tell me that it is very expensive so, yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. So uh my one, it uh should be in the shared folder. So. It was last time I saw it. Okay. So, just move to the next slide. So basically want very simple, right? That's the major idea, as simple as possible. So I just look at some current designs uh on the web, of usually more complicated remote controls. And let's look at two of them because uh th even though they have many buttons they look quite simple. And in our case we just uh reject the buttons what we don't need and it become even simpler. Um. So. Yeah. Well this these uh these remotes are quite big, so go to the next page, so. We have all these buttons as you can see, but most of them, we just need the ones in the middle. So, from the bottom or whatever is there, uh the uh the numbers and then the top, uh until the ten also, this middle part, and on the left one is exactly the same. So it's basically more or less how we would like it, with a big volume control, big channel control, and mute and power, yeah? These are the basic thing. So basically, w software we will build will look more or less the same as these two. Yeah, if you have, for example I think that the volume and the buttons that are there on the top are not very easy to reach with your thumb. It could be on the right side, for example. Yeah. Because we don't have these input buttons and this other stuff that they have. And I think that the plastic cover is not very good uh idea because you open it, it can break, you ca you can do various things. Uh you just need to put the channel numbers somewhere a bit out of the way. So that they're separate a bit, yeah. Uh and it's easy to press the other the big buttons, but uh, it's not that difficult to press the the channel buttons either. Mm. Yeah, I think that if you put the cover it will be even more difficult for the user. Alright, you won't yeah. Usually what I have noticed that people put the plastic cover on things that you normally don't mess with, like buttons for t uh tuning the channels and stuff like that. Yeah. That you want to protect a bit. And I think it's uh it's reasonable. So, I don't think Yeah, this is just the the wheel. We could use the some wheels can be pushed down, could use the push down of the wheel for the record if we want. Uh so we could just basically use one just wheel and uh user could use just the wheel to do everything with the channels in that case. Yeah, I guess the market researcher will tell us all about that. Mm-hmm. Well, wou wou I think we can certainly just put the electronics in a spongy thing, it it would work, right? Yeah. You can throw it to the television. Hey that's a cool one. We could say that if you throw it, you have a sensor, and you throw it and hits the television and turns it off. When it d uh takes a shock. Yeah. How do we make it look cool is the question. Yeah. Well the obvious thing is a banana, I guess. The banana is also ergonomic. Is there any fruit that is spongy? Yeah. You can make it um It's not hard, the metal. Plastic. Mm. Yeah. Two of the button, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah so you can just have uh just have this curve, yeah, and you move uh your hand here to press the buttons and then you move uh on the other side. So you can have it on on two sides and it'll be cool, no? You can put also vibrator inside. Ah-ha. You can also take into account the fact that the banana fits with the colour scheme of our company. Yeah. I hope the students of management die, but anyway. Now who are recording this meeting? The only th Yeah. Y Yeah that can be in inside th in the structure. But uh the thing is that the buttons and the wheel have to be I mean if it's spongy then the buttons and the wheel have to I mean if it's spongy then it's going to move, right? So, it's going to be bend a lot. So if we try to push the buttons, it You think it's possible? Okay. Yeah. Well, usually hold 'Kay, we want it to be good also for the left-hand users, right? Uh Yeah but okay. Sa let's say that th o It has to be basically you can only take two sides, one on ths this side where is the thumb and the other side where there is uh yeah also the thumb. Basically. Or you could use use this one, but I don't know if it's very comfortable, to use this one for the wheel. This for the wheel and then this for the buttons? Should have the two sides. So if the left, we have the op Wheel Wheel buttons. Yeah, the problem is if you have buttons and wheel then when you turn it around, the buttons are on the other side. So you cannot see them. Yeah. So the buttons have to be here and the wheel has to be Y Yeah I know, but uh if you hold with your left hand, and the wheel is here, and the buttons are here, then when you turn it around the buttons will be on the other side. Okay. Okay. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yes master. No. Yeah. Yeah. No. Maybe you can make uh uh mm okay.