What this button for? Okay. But if you want to go to page seven hundred? How man I don't understand it. Can you repeat it? Yeah. Ah okay okay. Okay. Okay okay. Okay. I see. I see. Okay. Okay. Is it really weight? Is it light or Okay. Okay. Ok Okay. Yeah yeah yeah, I see. I under I understand. How long the how long the bit the batteries long. I l yeah. I like I like it. Maybe the the thing that convince me the less is the the multifunctional buttons. Looks a bit Looks a bit puzzled uh I dunno how to say that. You the the b the buttons change h h their function depending if y it's teletext or not And the volume button will will become And what about people who want to use digits? Butto real buttons? Okay. Because have you thought about configuration and all this kind of uh stuff? It's all automatic. Okay. Okay yeah it's fine. W we are living in a wonderful world. Automatically configure. Yeah. S Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I I const I constructed a a list of criteria based on the on the general user requirements. And each criteria is will be evaluated it's uh logical criteria so we must users must say i if it's true or is or if it's false in a in a scale ranging from zero to seven. Because i I'm sorry. Sorry. Ah yeah. It's from sorry, it's from one to seven. It's from from one to seven sorry. Because it should be an even it should be an even uh scale, and five is too short and nine is too long. I'm a I I'm Sorry? Yeah yeah. The variance is mi it's is minimal. I'm um answering your question. Okay. And that's the criteria I I found more useful. I think I sh I I could write the criteria in the on the whiteboard? And we all four could range could evaluate the Okay let's let's evaluate if it's fancy or Seven but I would say seven. It's quite fancy. Six. Six. I would say Everything ar Mm everything It's compared to the all remote controls. Actually I don't know what are the r the real specification of a of a universal remote contro Ah it's not an univer but it's for all kind of T_V_s? Yeah. Four. Four. So four? It means cool features, like new features actually. I would say five. You said seven? Five. Sorry, I have them Of cour Of course the most difficult question for the end. I find it quite cheap actually. I dunno. If i i it depends, if you live in in Switzerland or you live in I don't know. Wha the initial specifications were for the whole all Europe or Yeah this is the the initial specifications. I would say six. It's quite cheap actually. Actually maybe Yeah I change the question. So yeah upload the Yeah it's two different situations. If you really need an universal remote control or if you would change your remote control for a n for a new one. So? What now? What range? Six. Six? Six? Six, so it's uh five point five, or less. Actually yeah, I we Five? You are romantic, really. I would say two. Who is the outlier? Wh wh you said five? I don't know if it's a No because there are more yeah, we shouldn't sum like that. Because the the last two questions is much more important than the rest actually. Otherwise we wouldn't we will not sell. Uh no I didn't anything. Yeah, the uh Yeah. Do you want me to sum o I think it's not S Actually what's the differen Too expensive. Actually whe whe when you wrote regular chip you should put two, because there is another chip here. Yeah but you need Fo i it does nothing actually? Okay so now we have a product which nobody would would buy. Would yeah, would buy. Yeah because th th the evaluation project Ah would buy, yeah. Massively, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh you have been in Milan a couple of times, so. And you said the lowest. Yeah, for the batteries Mm-hmm. So more general remote control instead of just focusing on uh on T_V_. The complexity shouldn't be much higher. For you said if it good for D_V_D_ then I would Bye.