Sammy Benjo. I know this name uh. We met before. F_ F_ five. Agree. R_S_I_ mm-hmm. No, I don't think so. Okay. But twenty six percent, do you know Twenty five. Every fourth, you know. Every four some of us knows. One of us Mm-hmm. Functions. Mm-hmm. I got one question, uh you are a Market Expert so should we aim at the young people or not? Okay, then teletext is used less. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. That's me. That's but this but number three, yes. Mm-hmm. So, my name is Mark Dwight, and um I am responsible for User Interface Design. However, uh mm Project Manager asked me to give you some presentation about technical functions design. Uh, as I'm a more an artist that's gonna be less technical functions but more User Interface and current intentions and everything which is linked with this. So next slide please. And uh a general method which is seems to be very useful for our task is not to forget about uh Occam razor. We should never complicate things too much. We should only make a remote control, nothing more. Nothing more than this, just a remote control. 'Cause current remote controls they are never easy enough to use. So, make a click, please. So here is this remote control. It's quite a standard one, but it's not from a T_V_, it's from a much easier device like air conditioning or something. But you know, we can use it for a T_V_ easily. Only buttons we need is on off, volume, channels and maybe some options or something else, and please make a click, compared to this one which one would you prefer? I guess this. Sure, sure. Yeah, and our method is going to be, provide simple simple desires into simple actions. Findings. Our question of the style, we should remember that our company puts fashion into electronics and we should never forget about it. Concept. Be simple. Be simple and you'll lean on this market. Market is a of remote controls you know it better, it's very well, it's it's not an easy field to to play, you know? So be simple. For personal preferences I think that to make a baby-proof remote control it got to be a titanium. It's a really good style, it going to be look like like this. It is unbreakable and it is very universal. W we'll have a screen with a back light which can change colours, and we can put all the options into this screen. We'll need only few buttons. All the other things can be controlled through the screen. And all these buttons should be easy to find and to click, 'cause when you watch a movie and you want to change something, you always try to find a good button and click it, but you should do it by touching it and finding it easily just by touch. So Press I would propose this concept for design, just few buttons, a screen with a back light which can change colours, titanium I think, and uh what else? I got just very few and good ideas. We need power and volume. And let us include two nice features into this device, first, power on and off can be made fully automatic. When you go to the sofa, take your control and point it to the T_V_, the T_V_ turns on. When you don't touch the control but you go out of the For for enough time like uh you It's a question to our technical design, our two engineers. And another nice feature that I would like to implement is uh volume control. Suppose you set u you set up some volume and then you move out or you move to the other corner of the room and take your control with you. Like, you want to to change the chair or you want to move to the armchair from the sofa or something, and then the volume changes. It's easy to do, you just control the According to the distance. Yeah yeah yeah. So I think it can be just a menu which can be controlled with a left, right, up, down and enter. So, its main purpose in fact is a back light, which change colours, which makes it easier to find, and each can it can respond for your voice, like it can turn on the light for you just to f find it easily, yeah? So basically that's it. Can be easily done, 'cause you got simple designs, y we should put it to simple actions. Let it be universal, so you want to use it for your hi-fi system. You want to change tracks and you want to adjust volume. Just few actions, a few actions for everything. All the rest, we sh we'll put it into this menu on the screen. Okay, okay. Okay, but it's quite universal you know. We can just extend it to any device. Uh twenty five. Mm-hmm. In fact I would propose another solution. Basically you use just four or five channels, right? Yeah. So uh set up your T_V_ set like channels that you use they're one, two, three and five, and you will never have to go to a twenty fives channel. Mm-hmm. Mm. We got these buttons here. Next next. Or say this can be back. Could we carry out some research if we w really need this, like how many people really need to go to channel number twenty five and then to sixty four? Okay. Okay. Alright? Thanks for your attention. Too complex. Okay. Okay. Um. Okay. No you know it's a conceptual question, 'cause now I see th this the picture in front of my eyes like a user taking his remote control and shouting into it, volume up, volume up, and and he's coming you know, he's really annoyed with this, down, up, down. Okay, for this budget like twelve Euros. Mm-hmm. Okay.. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Did you consider the r gest uh gesture recognition? Like, if I want to put volume up I like do mm I take my remote control do like something like roll 'em up or roll 'em down. Mm why? That's just We got a really good Market Expert. Let's send more, let's sell more. Okay. Uh, should it be equipped with the uh, with uh speakers? Like, you want to find it, you shout control, and it answers is I'm here? Or Just beeps? I can't whistle. No, no, I can't. Mm. Okay. Just don't interfere with other devices like 'cause like all these people do that their lights are turning on with clapping. Yeah, I got it at my home, like. Oops.