Okay, can I have the laptop over here, or? Okay. Have to get up. Excuse me. Okay. Okay. Okay, so basically I'm gonna present some findings of a study we conducted uh into uh what users want in this remote control. Um so first of all we what we did is we um conducted a an experiment with a hundred test subjects. Um we put them in a in our um usability laboratory and got them to, you know, um play with remote controls, and also to complete, after they'd done that, to complete a questionnaire uh to tell us what they like and what they don't like in remote controls. So basically um the major things we found out was that um basically users don't like the look and feel of of most remote controls that are currently on the market. Um they, you know, seventy five percent of the people we we uh did the experiments on, found that rem remote the remote controls that they'd used in the past were ugly. Completely ugly. Um they they didn't match the operating behaviour of the user, that is, you know, the the way users use remote controls when they're watching T_V_. Um, that the layout of the remote controls didn't match they way that they used it. Um and thirdly they say that w half of the users that we um tested said that they only used ten percent of the buttons that uh are on remote controls. Um so we collect we also some collected some usage statistics uh based on how these test subjects were using their remote control. And from this we basically came up with the figure that the channel buttons, the channel selection buttons are the most by far the most used buttons on the remote control. Um and you can see they're used a hundred and sixty eight times per hour on average, um, while the user's watching T_V_. Um the closest button that was used, well the cl the button that was used that was closest to the channel button was the teletext button, um which was used fourteen times per hour, followed by the volume button, which was four times per hour, um, all the other, all the other um buttons, such as ch um audio and picture selection um configuration buttons and things were used, you know, l approx well less than or equal to one times per hour. Um we also asked users um which buttons had the most importance to them, you know, which which buttons they felt were the most important buttons on on the remote control. And basically they came they said the channel, volume, and power buttons had the highest relevance to users, um note that only power was very infrequently used, it only had a b a a fr usage frequency of about one times per hour, but users ranked it as having a very very high relevance. Um and the audio and picture settings had a very that well the users thought that um w the audio and picture settings were very uh weren't very important to them um, and they used them very infrequently a as well. So we asked users what what um frustrates them the most about um current remote controls. And fifty percent of the users said that uh what frustrates them is losing the remote control um somewhere in the room and not being able to find it. Um they also said that it um it takes a lot of time to learn a new remote control, especially when there's many buttons and it's a, you know, a c a a unintuitive interface. Um and then thirdly, they some users commented on the fact that the the you know the way that you have to hold and press buttons on a remote control ar are bad and um cause u repetitive strain injury. We also asked some users about some specific features that they'd like to see in the on the remote control. In particular, do they want an L_C_D_ d display, and secondly, do they think speech recognition uh is a useful feature to have on a remote control. Um basically our findings are that um amongst a younger age groups uh the answer is umv overwhelmingly yes. They want these features, they want these high technology features. Um for instance, ninety one percent of pe of people aged between fifteen and twenty five said yes, they want these features. Whereas um the the trend was as users as users um became older and older uh they were less likely to want these sort of features in a um in a remote control. So I guess it depends on where we're focusing our our market. Um and as our company motto is putting fashion in electronics, um I think we're focusing on the younger younger um target demographic, and so maybe we should think about adding these sort of high technology features into our remote control. That's my dic that's my presentation. Thank you. Yeah, it's true, but, you know, they're features that users want, so it's And our production cost of twelve fifty Euros per per unit is fairly high I think, so I think we can afford to to add these sort of features into our remote. It is true. That's the wrong one, I think. Okay. I have a question. Do you think radio waves um will interfere with other appliances in the home? Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Are we um are we planning to take an off the shelf an O_E_M_ component for the radio wave circuit, or are we planning to construct our own circuit board? Okay s So we just buy a circuit board and Okay. Okay. Okay. What how much more expensive? Are we talking three times more expensive? Or ten times more expensive? Or Okay. Yeah yeah. That's still a lot. I think it's it's probably not worth spending the extra money, because I mean all the other remote controls on the market have infra-red, so people don't expect anything other than infra-red. So it's not worth spending the extra money. Yeah. Yeah. But I think, based on my usability studies I th I feel that users are prioritise the look and the feel and the trendiness above, you know, the difference between infra-red or radio waves. So I think we're better off spending money in the usability phase. Okay. Mm. Well, should we start with just the core, the basic functions that we need. And then we can move on to the more advanced features. Okay, well, I mean the obvious one is changing channels. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I Ah yeah. To have some feedback. Yeah. We could maybe also c um incorporate Petre's idea of the um slider for the volume, with the channel. So we c you could quickly just through many channels. For the channels, perhaps. So we've got channel and volume. Um. I think so. I think basically the core functions we want, and then more advanced ones. Yeah. I don't Oh, I don't but I don't think we're we're the ones. I mean this remote control we're developing is a generic control for all T_V_s, I think. Okay. But then you don't want to make the L_C_D_ display too complicated at the same time. I mean there's always we can always have these l less often used functions hidden somewhere, under a cover or at the back of under a slide or some Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we have five minutes left. Um. So I think s the settings we th we are agreeing are agreed that they're required. It's just how to a Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh, okay, what else? I mean a power button's obviously uh required. Uh, well I think when they say power button they mean to turn the T_V_ on and off. But if you're watching T_V_ for two hours, you don't want your T_V_ to turn off after five five minute I mean based on our usability studies again, um pe um people said that the power button was v a very relevant button. Um, you know, it was nine out of ten re relevance. Okay. B Okay. I think we need to concentrate on the, you know, the major usage of the th of the control, which is you sit down, you turn on your T_V_, you change channels, you change the volume, you turn the T_V_ off. Um and all the other f functionality is not used very often. Yeah. I think a button. I think it should be a bu Its own button on the front. Okay. S What about things like the clock and um timers? Uh um, you know, some func some features on the control to display a time, or t to display Probably not. It's a questi yeah, it's a trade-off. 'Kay. Okay simple. Very, yeah okay, very occasionally. But I do use the I do use the display of the time quite often, but Yeah. Yeah that's okay, that's true. Okay, so no time button. Okay. Okay, cool. Okay Thank you.