Mm-hmm. Mm. A nice one. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Oh yeah, that's a good that's a good point, so. One and Yep. Yeah but Yeah but the same can happen even with it you know this kind of remote control because the That's right. It's it's And mayb maybe we can have the switching mode to pass from you know voice controller to manual controllers, eh. No, more expensive maybe. Well y y you have also the language problem, you know when you 'Cause it it have to be universal, so. Yeah. Yeah but you know. The product The pro It's a very smart, it's a very smart controller maybe Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. But Yeah but the problem is how to s you know if this is a push button controller, you can send this con this remote control everywhere in the world, the same one. If you have the language, you have to develop for each country. Yeah, but for each country you have to do one, because uh the for example for Se Oh really? That's Comple A microphone maybe. To talk to the to the T_V_ maybe. I if you say one, he switch to channel, yeah. So well for example if it is somewhere in the room if i maybe if it is in the table there you can always say s channel one and the t the remote control gives the order to the T_V_ to switch to channel one. Devic Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but so you need a camera and you know a microphone inside your remote control. Yeah. But I think that, you know, switching from one country to to another will be a problem, so although y y Yeah but i i Yeah, we should. Uh. Mm. Yeah, but I think he need a control that is very reliable, so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's not really the we we can add for example some function like for browsing in internet, so or something like that. But uh I think a user need Don't have a the the Yeah if we can send email from it. Because the p the problem I can see with with the voice or the gesture itself wh what can happen in a family i i for example if Yeah And for all the person of the family maybe, so, yeah. Because you have new Ye Okay. Okay. Yeah, participant two um Yeah, working design, so. So I think Can you go to the next one? I uh it's not this one. It's uh oth the oth so I It's the working design. Sorry. Component design. So this yeah so this is the described use What? Are you inst I don't think so. Oh. Maybe I record recorded directly on the Computer. Okay, okay. Yes. I can say it to you without. Yeah, exac Okay. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, I don't know, I s because i in my presentation I don't have here with so It was in fact the design use to show you the design of what is inside a what is inside and what are the different component of the r of the remote control. So it will be interesting so I could show you some some picture of what is inside and so. So I in fact the the f something I want to discuss is which kind of material are we going to use, so will it will be wooden wooden di wooden remote control or a a plastic remote control like this one. So and in which which which kind will be the the different bu button, so it can be some, you know, classic pushbutton like this one, or you have also some button like L_C_D_ where you know, the button the buttons are unlighted during the night, or, you know, you can see them in the darkness. And the other thing I want to discuss also is which kind of alimentation, electric alimentation do you want to have, so will it be for example uh d uh solar energy alimentation or will it be a battery like the classical battery so. And I think that for example for the alimentation it would be good to have uh both of them, so so for example in some country where you are in the the countryside and you are far from, you know, the cities uh for example in some place in in S Senegal, so if you have electric if you have solar alimentation, you just, when you want to have recharger or remote control power you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can come and so it can be interesting for people to have this kind of remote con It can be something interesting to make people buy it, for example. Yeah. Yeah, yeah mm. Ecologists, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Alrigh In fact, having them both will if we want to have battery, regular battery and and the solar energy battery it could be it'll it will add a little bit of the price, but it will be an added value also that will be compensated, so hmm. And the materials, it depends for example you if you have a wooden material it can be more the plastic material is more common it's very resistant but, you know, something wooden will be like, I don't know high cl so a special high class, or you know, you can have some Yeah, even if it is not completely wood, but just a part of the, you know, will be wooden, in wood and it can be interesting. And so the last point is y also would do you want to have some very cheap integrated cir circuits, chips, or do you have low level or or very very expensive, it depends, but I think that low level will be, you know, it is an interim module. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think it will fit on the price we want, twel twelve Euros, so. I think the buttons I pr I prefer, you know, the L_C_D_ you know lighted buttons because, you know, it's I don't know um yeah, in the dark, it's fashion and it's related to how beautiful it is or uh if you want to watch T_V_ in the darkness or if you want to lo find your find your your remote control that is lost, you know in the darkness it's very easy so, right. I think a touch screen will be t as expensive as the L_C_D_ buttons so. But And it is a kind of other design, I mean. It can also be interesting to have this kind of Mm. Ah yes. Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. Okay. And fruit and vegetables yeah. Spongy 'Kay. Okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah, but the problem is which kind of material do you need to to be spongy? Pla S Very stuff Okay, rubber rubber desi okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Solar. Okay. Yeah. It will be a Yeah. Yeah, I think Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No wood but Plastic? Would some I think we can have wood for example in the bottom and, you know. It depends on the design we want, so. Yeah, it's natural and i And it can be correlated to energy, solar energy, so for the marketing aspect, you know, saying that it's ecol Mm, yeah, it's not right, so. Okay. Google and and fancy, f how about the the voice? And Uh maybe we can do some marketing studies asking people if they're interested and how It It is an an interesting concept to see to have uh voice control. Mm. Yeah. But and the problem is I I'm we can infer i if you have v voice control why not to put it directly on the the T_V_, so speak directly to the T_V_ and you don't need a remote control actually, so. But it will be embedded on the T_V_ and not on the remote control, so. Yeah, L_C_D_. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And pf what can we think a supplement to I think the supplement can be the voice. It is just, you know, it is not the most important, but it can be a part of Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. To push button, yeah, yeah. Even it is for s just some kids, you know, switching channels one two three four. Yeah, turning yeah, yeah. Not very complex commands, but easy commands, so. Yeah. Yeah, simple ones for expensive buttons Yeah, to make some new Yeah. Okay, fruits. Okay. Need it to be, okay. Okay. Okay. Sounds good, mm-hmm.