Your judgement it's is biased. So, we are So let's go for our detailed design meeting. So I will still play the role of the secretary, and we'll have um first the project presentation by our User Interface Designer, David Jordan, and our Industrial Designer, Baba. So we'll have to evaluate the uh your proposed remote control, and um have an idea of the price that uh this thing will cost. And in case if we're we all agree on the fabrica of um building of this remote control, we'll evaluate the um production. So maybe I will let the our two designers talk about so their You have s oh, sorry. Oops. Looks strange. Okay. Genetically modified mushroom I will say, but keep on speaking. Oh. Maybe, I hope so. Chan Yeah, okay, but don't touch don't destroy your prototype. Everything's mushroom. So we can call our remote control the mushroom. Okay. Oh. Fruits and vegetables. Vegetables. Mushroom is a vegetable. It's vegetable. So th it's something eatable. Next slide. Mm-hmm. In the base. In the basement. In the basement. And where is the solar solar cell? Where is the solar cell? Oh. Do you think it won't be It won't cris increase the price? Okay, we'll see after. We will have first to so, mister money, what's your opinion according to this remote control? Mm-hmm. Maybe if you change if you take the buttons out, and maybe do things like that It would be bet more like a lemon? Yeah. Looks like more fruit. Maybe a pineapple? And you know, you have the finger here, with the buttons? It looks more like a pineapple. Sorry. What's the use for that? And where is the voice recognition? Okay. Okay. Is it better like that? Looks okay, let's say it's a pineapple now. It looks like a now you took it. It looks like a pineapple with cherry on top. Mm uh Seven is the ma the maximum? Three, I will say three. Isn't it bitter like that? Feasible? You said previously that you there's um microphone inside an Oh. Okay, and you have the there's the technology inside that recognise simple vocal comments? And you can turn it so maybe it's techno technologically innov innovative? We have tactile buttons. Oh, yeah. Maybe two? Two? I would say two. You agree? It's better like that, isn't it? Okay. Oh, ok I understand. You take take the remote, so and you can turn like that to change the channel? I think it's quite easy to so s zapping, but maybe it will be too fast. Yeah, you have a, like that, and so on. Oh yeah. Yeah but y but you have to go through all the channels if you want to go Mm-hmm. Yeah, but when you're zapping you're changing from one channel to the other, so you're passing through all the channels. So, when you say I want to go to the channel number twenty that's you've decided to go to channel twenty, so you can say channel twenty, or channel four, because you really want to go on this channel. But if you really want to to do zapping you you don't really know what you want to do, you can turn it. Just go through all the channels and maybe stop if there is something interesting? Seems to be good. Good choice, mister David Jordan. yeah, what's what's this cherry? Okay. Yeah, th you have the vocal commands. On off. Most of the time you have the yeah it's a sleeping remote control. That's true. W that why we have the solar ti yeah. So three. Do you agree? Three? And what's your opinion? It's not what you said previously. Previously you said that turning this was the fine Fine to coarse. And from ten to ten channels here. Okay. Oh Yeah, no no, no. You can't put it out. It's just your turning from the base. You need to have everything in hand. If you want to turn, you can't use it and turn. It's impossible. You need to put it on and turn. Yeah, but nobody would be able to take it in the pocket and bring it in the kitchen and say I've lost the remote control. Nobody would take it. So nobody w will lost lose it. S maybe we can change from th Four? Easy to use, four. Gonna say four. Trois. Three. So, th the project is accepted? But I d m I think that it will be good to do some more work to transform this into a pineapple. If you re we really want to have a fruitful remote control. So uh mm mm. Mm. Okay and we we had a project prototype presentation with the evaluation. So as we all agree to accept, under certain conditions, the prototype, we'll have look to the final sh financial view. So we need to calculate the production cost. As I said in the first meeting we need to have so a remote control that would cost not more than twelve and point fifty Euros. And if not if it's not the case y you would have to redesign it. So, just have a look at the okay here is the Excel sheet, so so it has the energy source. We have hand dynamo. No, we don't use that. We have battery, right? Kinetic, we don't have it, I suppose, but we have solar cells. Um, how many do y do you need, solar cells? Do you think one would be enough, or such as as number of branches? Three? So, electronic. Single simple chip on print? Just one would be necessary? One? Zero for the others. And sample sensor, sample speaker. One? As we have voice recognition, I think. So the case. Okay, just keep on going, just to have an idea. Well uh yeah, but what what about case? Uncurved, flat, single curved, double curved. I think it's more like double curved. One? Uh wood? Uh do we need special colour? Y maybe, two? We have two special colours. Push button. Okay. Scroll wheel. We don no. It it's more like integrated scor. Yeah, maybe two scroll wheel, as we have the coarse coarse to fine scroll wheel. So, no button supplements? Okay. Okay we I think we have problem. I think we s if we keep on adding things so we have to Maybe if w t if suppose if we change and we g put just one? Has it changed. Okay. Yeah, but we have you the the voice recognition, no? Okay. Or it would be better. So, do we need special colour? Because we have red. Red and yellow. I think so we need if we try to have a kind of pineapple bee. Yeah. An but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button. And I think this is one. Integrated scroll wheel push button. So we'll we have only one? And push button. So if we have all integrated i in the scroll wheel and push button, it's uh Something flat. S uncurved. Yeah, maybe not. Yeah. Mm. Nearly. Maybe don't bat no battery, only solar cells. I think there's a problem with the push push button. We only need maybe just one. Just one. Yeah. So yeah, you will have So one button, and s scroll wheel with push button on it. So So, yeah. It think we we've done good job, as the cost is twelve fifty e Yeah, but it's under or equal. It's not written. Sometimes it's under or equal. Twelve fifty. Yeah, I think. I think, yeah. But it would i be interesting for our marketing team, to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be Yeah but it will be technologically innova innovative, so. So it's easy to use and powerful, as the remote control a has only one button. Easy, powerful. So I don't think we need to redesign the p the product. Yeah. So Now So So did you enjoy your clay modelling? Yeah? Was it a nice way to create your remote control? And for the marketing guy? And new ideas about new products, maybe, wi which would be fashion and uh and yellow. Yes, just lemon. Squared? Ah, the lemon T_V_ with the pineapple remote control. Oh, that's interesting. You could f we could do a kind of fruit collection of electronics things. Electronic device. Maybe Yeah, maybe la next year it will be insects. Customable T_V_. Ah such yeah. You've already said mobile phones. Yeah, and following Mm. It's interesting, maybe we can create a a line of uh T_V_ with uh a a tr So I think the costs are within the budget. We're just at twelve fifty Euros. So do you think you can celebrate your creation? Oh, thanks a lot. Thank you, mister David Jordan. The thing now is to to sell it. It's maybe a little bit expensive. Maybe what you can do a test. Put it outside, and if bees come, it's really fruit. But don't put sugar in it, it's not working. Yeah, but the colour, I think the colour is more is most important, because I I don't think you have ever seen something like that before for a remote control. Yeah, but we decided to have something yellow and red, for the costs. So maybe we can just integrate it on th on one side, the double R_. So we have the logo, we have the colour, and we have the fashion in electronics, so we have the slogan too. Yeah th no, it's the it's the pineapple control remote control. It's a pineapple now, it has changed. It's a pineapple. Pineapple. With cherry on top. Will you buy one? Try to. Okay uh One thing I like is the shape, because you know it's not like the uh the remote controls you can put in your pocket, on uh in your jacket. I prefer the laser remote control. No. Oh. Maybe next if we decide to do something we'd can put light inside. Yeah. I think it it would be interesting to just to see if we can if people will buy this one, and maybe add some features to it after yeah. So Champagne, mister Baba. So Okay, I will close this. Mm. So I think we have finished the designing and the evaluation of our remote control and we have a nearly final product. Final prototype, right. So, thank you very much. Very productive.