Okay. Everybody ready? Uh I think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves and everybody's name and what your function is? So maybe we start with you? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. And your name is? Okay. Very good. And as you already know I am Betty. I am the project manager for today. So why don't we look at the presentation to see what we really are supposed to do. Um. Yes y opening, acquaintance, tool training well, the tools are, I think, we already I guess the tool is really our the computer, as far as I can see. Uh we get ins each of us will get instructions and we'll take it from there. Project plan, that falls under the same heading pretty much. Um, I don't think we have any great discussion at this point. Um. Here is what this thing should be. This thing we are gonna um uh design is a new remote control. Uh should be original, trendy, and, of course, user friendly. So maybe you wanna make some notes of that. Okay? All right. Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve. Um. That is it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what uh we have come up with. The same goes for the conceptual design, there will be individual work whic and then discussion afterwards. Detailed design, same thing basically. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I can't write with this thing. Yes. Yeah, okay. All right? Then, tool training try out the white board, participant can draw their favourite animal. Does anybody want to go and see how the white board works? So that in case we have to, in the next meeting, present something on the white board. You wanna go Eileen and Whether you without hanging yourself. And remember you have to press so it works. Mm-hmm. Fat, a fat cat. Okay. And you're Francine, right? Would you like s like just to see um how it feels, so that you have a little idea? In No, no. No, that's okay. I don't know, we'll get to that later. Okay. Okay. Here's the project finance uh which, of course, we all have to think about when we design this thing. Um selling price is supposed to be twenty five Euro. Uh profit aim for the company is fifty million Euro, the market range unlimited meaning international and the production cost should not exceed hopefully should be less than twelve fifty Euro. Mm-hmm. So these are all things, of course, to remember with the budget and when you design to materials, cost, etcetera. Now, uh the discussion I guess is um does anyone of you have experience with remote control? I exp I s 'cause we we use 'em we use 'em, right, everyday. And um now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it, things you would like to change, things you would like to improve with this thing ye any first ideas? Would you like it to be smaller, bigger, have more have more buttons on it or maybe clearly better marked buttons, you know, things like that? Small, right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it should be a multi-functional uh gadget that would um control all your household uh uh machines basically. Well. It should be something new it should be s it it should do something different than than just what we have. Now, of course, the other thing to think there is maybe the design. Like trendy no like f for earlier we saw maybe it should be something trendy you know. Maybe it should different colours or materials or you know. Um so yeah shapes right, you know, like kidney shape feels better in your hand or something, you know. Yeah. Yes. That is true, because they put a newspaper or they put it behind a plant or, we you know, whatever. And and they suddenly the phone rings and they want to turn the T_V_ off and they say, where the hell is my my remote control yeah? Well or yeah or if it's really, if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So if lost If lost uh signal with b throw signal, you know. Exactly, I mean just that's what I'm saying. I'm just saying throw signal meaning just whether it's a beep or whether a light or Okay, my my idea is maybe that the minute it's really hidden, in in other words if it's like in a dark spot, uh meaning you know like a newspaper is on top, a sweater is on top or it it's behind a plant, at that moment it's it's like, it's like um, what you call it a light s sensors, you know? In in that moment it has a sensor, i it it gets a certain darkness, it ge has a sensor and it gives out a signal whether that be a light signal or a beep, I mean, that we can discuss that later, you know. That's right. You know there would be right you have to have some kind of sensor and I I think uh voice or clapping it's not specific enough. Uh I know there are the lamps and stuff, you know, you can clap on and off, but I think they only work to certain degree and What with Oh yeah well, but then those people we can't help everybody. Okay we have uh yeah, we have to move along, but I think we have some good good points to start with here. Okay, the next meeting will be in thirty minutes. I think you all did you get uh notices on your computer for this? Okay so well, you got the notice um uh. The working design, I guess that's the function I_D_ uh who is this? The industrial designer That's you. Okay. So, we looking for a working design when we come back. Then And then the technical funct you are the technical function, so so you are the working design. So you have a working design and then a functional design. And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification, like friendliness, and what we just discussed in general. That would be your idea. And, of course, price. That it, that it, that the price is a good price. I mean, the price is given, but, that was That's right. That's right. And, you know, specifi you you will get specific um instructions for that. I think that's the end of the show. Yeah. So um we have well, we have a twen two two two three minutes. Um any questions at this point? Or uh suggestions? I think basically basically you will get instructions to work with and if you have any questions uh, uh I guess, you can uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Then uh we see you in about thirty minutes. And see what we can come up with. Okay?