Hi. Uh, yes, I had something similar but non-vegetarian. Yeah. What what do you mean by fruit and vegetables and spongy? What you mean clothe No, I missed that one. Oh, they're okay so they're not like dressed as a carrot they just have like pictures of fruit on, okay. So we're not gonna have a remote control in the shape of of a banana, just maybe Okay and So which fruit are you thinking of? Oh, so you want the remote control to be the shape of a fruit, or you want just some kind of like fruit logo on the So something that looks half like a fruit and half like an elephant. But okay, I'm not, I'm not really sure if uh that would really appeal to everyone though, maybe just to fashion gurus, like maybe just like a little bit n a little fruit picture somewhere in the corner, but I don't know about uh I dunno how ergonomic a, an orange is. To fruit? But is it uh is fruit cool? Is fruit cool? Well I guess, you know, Apple has the iPod so, imagi just 'cause they have an apple on their on their product, doesn't mean fruit is cool. Okay, but it has to be easy to uh to use though and to hold you know, you don't wanna pear or a watermelon. Well, probably the only thing is a banana that I can think of, a cucumber. I dunno. Maybe. Too green. So, but I mean you also have to you have to also have, fit r all the buttons and you know. It's, it The thing is you have t normally with um with buttons, they have to be at some point attached to a circuit board so if you're gonna have things like on a cylindrical kind of device it may be difficult to kind of to build. Yeah. Well, this is Okay. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Okay. So. S next uh slide. Okay. So I received an email um around lunchtime letting me know that the brilliant minds at our technology division had developed an integrated programmable sample sensor sample speaker unit, um which is a way for you to have a conversation with your coffee machine and or remote control. It's no, what it is, it's it's very It has a has a microphone, has a speaker, it's got a little chip and it allows you t Well, it's a sample sensor sample speaker. Sample sensor sample speaker. It means that it can recognize, it can do like a match on a on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that. But uh there's no kind of um understanding of the phrase. So, I mean, you know, I guess you could build that in, you could you could link the the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on on the remote control. But basically the thing is, we have this technology available in-house. So, um but the thing is obviously there's still gonna be a cost if you decided to integrate that because you still have to pay for the c production of the components, so um it it but it basically means we c we can kind of consider this from uh you know uh a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about you know how to develop it because we have this already done. Whilst you know, some people might get annoyed if we uh if we just dump it, It's it it's no, well, it's it'll recognize uh I guess keywords, but you know keywords in a certain order like a phrase. You train it for a certain uh, for a certain phrase, you say the the example they said that they have uh up and running with their prototype is um well they've actually integrated into the into the the coffee machine that uh that we're producing is, you can say good morning to the coffee machine and it can recognize that phrase and it'll playback good morning, how would you like your coffee? Yeah. So actually that was a bad example, 'cause it doesn't actually ask how do you want your coffee because it can't really understand the response, so. Only, like, only in the sense that it it can recognize a set a set target kind of word an It's designed it's designed as a fun kind of thing, but I guess you could use it as uh as a way to implement uh Completely pointless yeah. Yeah. Yeah, unless you know, you like having conversation with your remote control. Well yeah, that's the thing, if you can but you have to pro though I think it's a fairly simple design so you would have to record into the device every possible combination, you have to s tr train it to l to learn channel fifteen, that whole thing, not just the word channel and the word fifteen, it doesn't have that kind of logic in it. So Yeah, that would be some development work. Yeah. Banana-mando. Banana-man I uh I I I don't think it's worth it though, I think it doesn't really add much to the functional design and it's it's it's not mature enough to use as a speech recognition engine, so Um, yeah. So if we can just move on to the next slide, I've just done a quick mock-up of uh uh some of the features of our potential funky-looking uh remote control Well, you see, I was I was unaware at this point of th of the fruit focus, um, so at the moment it's more of a box focus. Yeah, well, this is actu this could be a genetically engineered fruit that's designed to be you know square so that it packs tighter in the boxes. But um, I've just indicated here, we could have actually two scroll wheels, 'cause I think the scroll wheel is a fairly um key part of, you know, I think everyone has has agreed that it's that it could be quite a useful um thing, so. But I think it's important, you know, to have two scroll wheels because, you know, you want one for for the channel, but you also want one for for the volume, because it's it's the volume i it's, you know it's very handy for it to have uh instant kind of uh feedback uh and response, so. But um, I've also included this turbo button because I think, you know, every design should have a turbo button, and well so this is you know, a unique problem with with televisions is that if you have this scro this scroll wheel for the television, the uh the tuner on the T_V_ is not gonna be able to to switch between stations as fast as you can scroll, so you know, the th the person might want to have a uh Might want to be able to scroll past television stations without seeing what's on them, in which case it just waits until you stop scrolling and then, you know, displays that station. Or they might want to scroll and and have a quick glimpse of it, even if it lags behind what they're doing. Yeah, so with this turbo button you can, say, skip over t channels if uh, you know, if I'm if I'm going if I'm scrolling past them and you know, it's um, you could have a little red light that comes up when they press it so they feel you know it's really going fast or whatever. So yeah, that's um, those are the two important uh features I think we need on the remote, but I mean we can discuss about what other kind of buttons we need, um. You know, i it could be, you know, if we if we wanna have like a very cheap kind of device, I mean, we could either consider that maybe we want to sell this as a very, if it's gonna be a banana, you know that's a pretty gimmicky kind of thing that doesn't have that much functionality, it's just you know a couple of scroll wheels and a button cause it's hard to get so many buttons on a banana and it's still very it may even be for most for some people more functional than their current remote, but if they have these scroll wheels, so, um you know, what other buttons do we want? I mean we could have well, I guess you need an on and off switch, but you could you could o you could turn it turn it on by taking the top off the banana maybe, you know, it's kind of like a spy kind of flick thing. That's why you're a marketing guru. Well, that's the thing, as have we decided that we can only spend, uh, twenty five Euro? Well not spend, but you know, charge twenty five Euro. But then you have to have a template for every channel, for a hundred channels, you have to be able to to recognize Mm. Well, I f I think it's probably more than, than our can handle because it's designed for a coffee machine, you know, to say hello in the morning. Well that's its current application, I would presume that it's kind of, they wouldn't design it to handle a hundred things th so. But uh Well I just I just made the point, I don't I don't know if that speech recognition is, you know, even if we can do it, I think it's not really appropriate for uh television environment. But um I did have one thing from a previous meeting, you were talking about um being able to find the remote control and I was talking about extendin being able to extend the remote control by having you know, a base station that can control other things as well. It might be useful to have some kind of base station, even if it's just you press on a button on it and uh and the remote control starts beeping, you know, this is a way of finding the remote. Y in that case maybe the maybe the speech recognition the speech thing could be useful just to say I'm here but uh it's probably a bit of overkill if you could just have a a beeping It's speech It's it's speech synthesis and s it's speech kind of, not really speech recognition, but kind of pattern matching, yeah yeah. I guess that fits in with the spongy kind of design philosophy. So, just one second, when you say double curve, what do you actually mean? You reckon you could like draw us a thing on the, on the whiteboard 'cause I'm not sure Okay, but like, kind of convex or concave? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Although, you know, wood could be uh quite a stylish uh option, if you take like, nice quality kind of wood that's got a nice grain and you kind of put some, some varnish on. Well it depends, I mean, you have the outs the wood itself is not gonna break so you don't have to worry too much about the case being broken, it's the inside. Yeah but inside you know you could have you can still have some kind of cushioning that's not visible to the to the user. And I mean you could also, you can have just a very thin veneer of wood as well. That's true, but are we set on the banana idea? It's like a pumpkin or Green. What does it taste like? Ah yeah, is it what's it in French? Yeah, okay, so capsicum or pepper. Yeah. I don't know, it seems a little bit kind of bulky to me, like like with a banana you can have Well But like a banana you can you can be holding like this and have the scroll wheel kind of on top and just roll it back and forth like that, but with uh I don't know how you would hold a capsicum and So is that, when you say speaker support, you mean it just has some output pinned which which which kind of Okay, but the speaker is actually attached to the to the chip in some way, or is just the the signal? Okay. Okay. So are there any issues where we place this this chip to make sure you can actually hear the the speaker from the outside of the banana? Okay. Yeah, but the speaker, if the speaker is actually on the chip, then if it's too far away from the the casing, or if the casing is too thick, then you may not hear the the speaker. Yeah. Yeah. So that's something we have to keep in mind with the actual physical design is to keep the the speaker close enough to the outside. Although, if It depends, if we like, if we are concentrating on like a fruit design, then maybe maybe we wanna sell a collection of fruit, you know, like a different fruit for each device. Cause that, you know, that sometimes people like to collect um you know things that of a similar type. Well, you're the one who wanted to do fruit in the first place. Like a power fruit. Yeah. Well I think that's a pretty handy feature. I think it's kind of people would find that worth it even if it wasn't uh a recharging station, even if they didn't have to buy extra batteries, you know. So Although you do need to include R_F_ kind of circuitry in the remote. Okay. I'm just wondering actually, 'cause, you know, I this whole fruit thing with the banana, it's um it seemed like it first seems a bit kind of uh niche, like only a few people would really want a banana, but what if it was kind of uh a stylised banana? You know, rather than having it kind of you know yellow and really looking exactly like a banana, you could make it kind of silver. And um, you know to give you kind of the idea of a banana but without it looking you know completely kitsch. For better want of a better word you know? Well, you know, I don I don't know how many peop Well they Yeah, like this colour this colour Maybe, you know, maybe like still in the shape of a banana. No, exactly. Exactly. Um, but you know, just maybe maybe not exactly the same texture as a banana and just kind of, you know because the thing is it's gonna be a little bit difficult to make um to give like the texture of a banana anyway and to k to have the exact shape. I think if you're gonna not be able to do it properly you may as well do it in a stylised way that just looks a bit more kind of, you know, twenty first century rather than sixties or seventies. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so, I guess you wanna hold like the way the end of the banana you wanna kind of hold as ma you maybe wanna kinda hold like a gun rather than 'cause you don't want it to point kind of towards the floor. So you know, so if you have like Okay, so So okay, so I guess we need, you know, something that can fit a banana shaped object. Okay, so it's uh Yeah. Alright, so we need uh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, which I think it's it's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the the device, so you have Yes. Yeah, so you have the thumb kind of here. So yeah, you need one one here and one on on the other side, so you got volume an and channel. And, uh No L_C_D_. Oh we need a we need a power um on off switch as well. Yeah. Yeah. Where? Okay. Well, I dunno if the traditional user is gonna buy a a banana remote in the first place, you know. Y I mean you need to kind of keep it um Yeah, how many of these did we wanna sell? I can't remember, what was Yeah, but how many units did we need to to sell? Four point four million. That's a lot of fruit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh. That can be the t That can be like the turbo banana plus plus commando. Okay. Yep. We have to go design the prototype.