Well I'll uh start just with another presentation, so then we can uh look at th at the agenda uh for this meeting. Okay. I've put some uh new things in the in the map. Uh oh. This is it. I don't know the shortcut, so Ah F_ five. Well our functional design meeting, that's the stage we're in. And you also ha all three of you have uh prepared something about it. Well um in we'll uh just have a look at the at the notes from the previous meeting, what we uh thought we had dec decided. But uh Uh then we'll uh look at uh the three uh presentations uh from you. I think you have prepared uh all three uh? Um we'll look at th the new project requirements we uh I dunno. Y you also have uh received that mail, the new project requirements from our bosses? Oh I've received a mail with uh some additional requirements, and I'll have a look if Well I think we should show them before your presentations, because it's not really uh smart uh to uh to include some things uh we can't, because of the new requirements. Well um then we can make some decisions about our remote control functions. We have to deb we have to decide it in this meeting what our function will be. And then uh we can discuss uh some more closely. Uh Uh yeah, I think so. Well uh the closing uh we'll not uh look at it yet. Um now I'll look at show this board. Um Well uh notes, first meeting. Now. I gave a disc a a presentation. Uh we familiarised ourself with the boards and then we discussed some first ideas. So we said that uh we have to merge the strong points from our uh competitors, and uh look at their uh remote controls. We should make it uh compatible with our new D_V_D_ and other releases we have, our technical releases. Uh not too many one buttons. One recognisable button in the middle, where you do the most important functions with. And um well they can have two functions, because uh you have a D_V_D_ and a television. Um the design has to fit the hand, be original, but also be familiar. It's uh one of our ideas. Yeah well that wa It's just thirty minutes ago, so it's not quite uh But well I have to do it. The materials uh well should be hard plastic with rubber from, and uh well the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible. It should be uh recognisable at all times. Yes. Well fronts were to be just like mobile telephones. And uh the technical aspects um And also labelling of the buttons, the functions should be universal standards. Well that's just uh some ideas from the first meeting. It's quite logical al all of it. Um now the new project requirements, I'll just show them. I got this mail from uh our bosses. Well, teletext goes out. We will not use teletext. Maybe a new sort of thing, but n but not teletext. Well the second is a bit sh pity because we just said we wanted to d include the D_V_D_ and they don't want it, because of our time we have for this project. So that's a shame, because uh especially for the third requirement we want to reach people under the thirty years. Because uh we don't have those customers a lot at th at this point. Um well it's a bit pity because it's just those people want to have uh one remote control for all those technical devices they can uh reach it. Yeah. Well and uh our corporate image should stay rec recognisable in our products. So uh we have to uh use uh maybe a slogan, maybe a colour, and um Yeah well uh on our remote controls the design has to be uh, well as we already said a actually, uh familiar. Uh not only just uh the shape but also our company. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. I I uh noted uh our uh slogan that we have, our company. It's uh we mm put the fashion in electronics. So maybe that's a slogan we can put uh somewhere on our remote control or something. Alright then um we're going to uh have three presentations. You want to start? Oh you have to start? I didn't see anything about uh who had to start. Well s then start. Okay. Well uh You already uh opened uh PowerPoint. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well It should actually uh It should actually be loose from the television, because it can also be used for other televisions. So if you deliver a small uh click-on device that you can put on your television, that bleeps to your remote control, everyone can use it. No you can click it on your television. Yeah in another room, yeah. Well yes. Yeah. Well we'll have a look at it, yeah. Yep. Well there sh should always be a menu, but it c can be very short. Yes okay. Well we are a design team, we can say to some uh writer uh make a manual point. So Well we'll have a look. Um yes? Yep. Well Well with twelve Euro fifty as production cost, we can't uh afford an L_C_D_ uh Yeah. Well Yeah well uh it's your your task to uh look into the costs uh of those uh Nigh I know. It's not yet a standard uh development uh those so We sh Yeah absolutely. Yep. 'Kay. Alright. Yes. Well you I c I can uh still see your presentation. It's in the Well uh next um I dunno who is next. You uh got uh Yes. Well go ahead. Yip. F_ five. F_ five. Click. Yep. Yeah. So it is also why we have to have a button that says uh I'm now busy with a D_V_D_ uh if we had done that. And a button for T_V_. So Well but but if you have um the most used buttons all in one place, and you keep making the same um well moves. But if y if you would put it at a different place, then you have to move your hands, and that's on of the things about R_S_I_. No but the most important buttons m maybe you can just put them a bit apart so you would reject R_ R_S_I_ R_S_I_. Yes I've saw that on m on mi mobile telephones they also have uh those buttons. Well it it's Well also i if someone puts picks up his uh remote Yeah. If someone puts up i uh picks up his remote, and he picks up it he he touches the side then he's a already on the next channel. That's very irritating, I think. Well. No. Yep. Mm-hmm. That's your part of the job. Yep. Okay. Well we understand. We understand. Oh right, no. Nice. Then uh Mike can uh give the third presentation. How late is did we start his presentation uh? Wha Yeah. Well then we have still the time, so But we do have to come to a decision, right later on. So Oh yeah? Uh? Okay, yeah well. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I like user-centred. Yeah. We also do that. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well absolutely, but i th they all have to have something about um the recognition from our company. So we cannot just uh make someone w No but that's th the side they look uh look at is the front. So if y if you make a a front with just a a tiger on it, then uh our recognition is totally gone. Yeah, we must. Yeah well and and Yes. 'Kay. Yeah yeah yeah. Or the th the the lowest part of the remote isn't changed by the front. Those kind of things. Yes. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Yeah? Well what if we um I at I at home have a remote that has um the most familiar uh buttons on the top, and the bottom side of the front has a little clip, a f a little uh You can click away and then you have f much more functions that most people don't use but s some do do. Well but because you say they their features are important, they want m um a lot, but not Yeah. Competitors. Yeah. Well maybe w we could uh s On um some uh calculators you have lo those little little L_C_D_ th that you can click on or something, or that you can click uh out uh of the remote. And if if that's gives you a little bit of sta status information. Yeah. Those kind of things, uh because you also have those uh those program recognition for your V_ V_C_R_s. And uh well if y if your remote picks that up also, you they can display which programme you're currently watching. Yeah. For example. It it could be such a little uh th that you can click in and out and you and you have it. Yeah. Well maybe. Yeah. Yeah. R_D_S_s or something. Well I think it's you got It just means it's a script that's uh keeps it uh rolling, and it's not uh That's five minutes off uh implementing time I think uh Yeah. No. Uh well I think so, yes. Um We're g No but we're we'll have to look into that. Um we can use this board again, I think. Uh we can put some um decisions about um the controls we want, th the issue. Where is my presentation? Uh Uh Well I mean we're all here now, I think. These I've already given you. So we have to decide on the different remote control functions. So we want to have a small L_C_D_ screen that's special. Yes. Yeah. That thing is terrible. Uh Well Well I th I think Mike Mike has a point, because um when when uh when I use a remote I l I hate the buttons but buttons at the at the bottom. So and and I I like to use the ones on the top. So when I u when I have to have an L_C_D_ s scr window Yes but we we we we don't want that. We don't want them to look like a calculator. We want to look it like our original but familiar Yea Maybe a bic uh better uh white uh We White? Width. Uh format yeah format? Line width? Width? Yeah? It's a bit off. Well. Well uh let's uh talk about that later uh It's special pen. Yeah. No. I think it should be at the button, bottom. Bottom. The L_C_D_. Yeah. Well but uh what what if we we first decide the different functions, and then look at the design. Because we have to decide this. Yeah. Yes. Well we have a power button. Guys? Guys? We have a power button, setting buttons, L_C_D_ window, the number buttons Uh Yes. Uh the mute button. I h love that one. Yes. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Well that's that's also design. Yes. Um Well h ho Yes. Yes. They are for some uh video uh Apart. So people have to move their hand. And they get less uh complaints of R_S_I_. That's what I always do, because all my i important buttons are the same place. Yes? Well not Yes. Uh-huh. Up and down far apart from each other? Well not too much. Well for example the power button, you can If someone is constantly z zapping, it's not going to miss, that it that the power button is not right beside it. Because I have someone But the buttons is way. So that one can be put away. The power button can uh be uh uh Yes. Oh man, five minutes. Yeah, well five minutes left. Yep. Um how are we going to do it with those numbers? Well I have it here. Yeah well that's going to take too too much time. Yes. Yes. Well the L_C_D_. Um you are Industrial, you are User Interface. So I think it's going to go to Mike. But you will have to make consensus with. Well Well it's a bit hard, because we are going to be uh individually. That's a bit uh Yes. Yes it is. Well what if we're going to now decide about the functions, and the design comes into the next round? Plus the d th the design round is still to come huh? Alright these functions. The number f Well yes, that's alright. W the number function. Are we going to uh do it like uh on Mike's screen with uh one button that says I'm going to do a t two number digital? How do you want it to do then? It it has to r recognise one as there could still come more. Yes. Alright so no button for that. Okay uh anyone any uh oth other functionalities of our uh remote? So No, we'd uh just said we didn't uh Well uh Um well because we can't integrate it with any other uh remotes, all those buttons on those pictures are uh irrelevant. So just for a television is that all we need? Teletext is gone. So all those buttons that ar are to do with teletext Oh screen placing. We'll have uh those uh buttons about uh And uh the two important ones we're l f forgetting. Uh there's um screen. You can make it wider and less wide. And the button that you can go to A_V_ for your video. Those two? But it's just two, and we make a clip? Th that's a bit uh waste. Yes. Or at the top. Your L_C_D_ screen is going to go. Yes. Yeah Well I think they should in an in an isolated part of the remote. Yes? Yes. Yes. Well any other uh Go to video, that's always on your remote control. To A_V_ uh to A_V_ A_V_ A_V_. Well l n no not at not at my remote. Yeah. Yes. I don't. I go to ninety-nine. Th that's the button uh No. No you can ch push zero. Yeah. Yeah, I I think that one button is uh I use it uh Yeah? These buttons, I don't have buttons for channel setting uh especially on my remote. It's it's incorporated with p m plus and down, uh those So we still have one uh four? Ch ch Okay. Oh the Okay button? Oh you always have in the centre an Okay button, for your menu. Menu button. Channel, setting, menu. We have to go. Okay. So um Save. Yes see. Yes I have put it in. Here. Alright. Guys? We're going to uh go to our uh rooms, and uh we'll have to decide s things on our own I think. So Well see you uh W w we have lunchtime, by the way, now uh so uh Lunch. Ah. We didn't exactly do everything but So