Bongiorno. Punish. You wish. Welcome. Uh Yeah. No. Alright. But they like dark colours, you said in the p Okay. Well then I suggest that the corporate colours are grey and yellow. I had Or we could make oh. Yeah, o o I'm thinking about uh the Bananarama telephone uh telephone from uh Siemens. The yellow uh rubber telephone. It's the it's the rubber uh cover. And it's uh colourful. It looks likes a banana. We have the fruit, we have the colours. We have the simple design. Um thirty five. And the b the light blue and it's also in yellow. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, I don't ha really have much to add, um because most of things we already said in uh the previous uh discussion. Um Uh the previous ideas were voice recognition and uh the round button for uh the p channel programming and uh volume. Well, a few interface I uh I found on the internet are are these. These are both with uh with voice recognition, but they're very advanced and very high-tech and just um, well, a weird um shape. So I suggest I couldn't uh I had a small uh mock-up uh sign on the on paper. But it didn't work. My pen didn't load um the information. So I made a really simple f uh a shape on uh in um PowerPoint. But we could make uh a round uh an oval uh um remote control. Uh yellow. But if you have something like uh the Siemens phone, it's rubber. So it's easy in your hand Uh indeed. Yeah. Great. Oh and um to add on um Ruud's information, in this um interface we can have uh high-tech with the voice recognition and uh, well, the the fancy colours and uh and so on, and still have the ease of use, because we have an easy interface. And all the other remote controls are high-tech in buttons and uh and so on. Yeah. So if you have the voice recognition, you can you can programme like thirty uh um thirty c uh controls on it. Yeah. Right. Great. Like the watch. But if you're watching a movie, how many times uh you take the the remote control and and if uh if you have a watch, you have the kinetic uh idea in a watch also. You you walk and uh but uh you you're sitting on a couch. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh, we can just make four push-buttons in a form of a round. But I th I don't think uh the scroll-wheels I had some I had some information about it too. I don't think there's any possibility for us to use scroll-wheels. I d I can't see uh any uh scenario where you would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it. Yeah. Yeah, uh that's a possibility, but But Flores, think about a scenario where y where you would use the scroll-button for A volume, okay. Yeah. Wheel. Yeah, I believe uh if you have uh what we've earlier said, um the grip uh places in in the remote control. You have your hand on one place on the remote control, so you have to place all the buttons in a range of your thumb. So in that case uh the volume button on the side uh of the remote control would be perfect. Yeah yeah, you can um I have some information about it. Uh in the voice recognition you say a word you can programme words like uh v uh volume up. Of mute, let's say mute. Um you programme it, you m mute and you g you give um an uh an action to it that that's really the mute function and uh when you speak in the the remote control, it repeats uh your saying. So that's the sample sensor. So if you say mute, it says mute again, and then it's um well, I believe it's uh Yeah, and then uh he he repeats its action what which he believes it is. So you say mute, he repeats mute and you makes a computer sound mute, and then goes to the mute function. Yeah. Well, I don't have um I haven't looked for uh for information about it, but I don't think information uh y I don't think you need it on a display. Especially when when we have to look at a cost, I don't think uh 'cause uh uh all any T_V_ can uh can uh view a digit on uh on screen, yeah. But what about um the markets uh wants colourfuls uh designs? So if you use titanium Okay. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. And I would think And they can be implemented with a regular chip? Okay, but we also uh we already need the regular chip for the sample uh sensor speaker oh, evalu But most infrared uh remote controls don't have to be pointed at all. Well, if you if you take your hand before it, okay, it won't work, but you can point it just to the other wall. Yeah. And the regular chip. And and the scroll uh scroll-wheels. Yeah. No. Think so too. But we already have the scroll-wheels, the sp uh the speaker uh the speak recognition, the rubber, the fancy colours. Um no. Nothing more. Uh but uh can't scroll-wheels uh work with one uh one-curved case? Yeah, okay. Sorry, yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. The project drawing is for the next Yeah, right. Single-curved. But can there be uh wor can they work together? Or do we have to choose between them? 'Cause if we have to choose yeah? Okay. What if not? Okay. Yeah. Grey and yellow. Yellow case and grey buttons, I think. I believe the But you have already um you must have a red uh on and off button. And um Well well Well, there is. Just a week ago, a keyboard manufacturer would print, with and uh No. A scroll-wheel. Voice recognition, of course. What what did you say? Yeah. Yeah, or you could use plastic buttons. In the rubber. Yeah, b But then you just have the the fact that um the drawings on the buttons will disappear eventually. What I said in the in the first uh discussion, uh the digit six on the button, it will disappear when it's from rubber. It is not uh something uh it's no information I read about it or so, but it's just from No, but but uh it Yeah, b yeah. Yeah, that's possible, but then you have still the images on the rubber of the case. So still then, if you feel uh li uh if you feel your remote control, you just rub on the cover, so you rub on the painting. Yeah. Yeah, but but the the plus or the minus. You have to draw the Yeah, it's on the cover. So if you uh You just move the problem. Y uh can you separate these uh these I do. Or the s uh the sideways. Or the the back. Or the back. I think Yes, especially when there are l a few buttons on it, you have uh a lot of space to touch. So you just have it in your hand completely or or i you play with it. Yeah. Yeah. Regular. Use with.. For the finishing touch. Uh yeah. But um Sebastian has everything.