Hi. Yeah, sure. Okay. Uh, let me see. I think it's this one. Ha. Right. Uh, well, I'll be talking about the components. Uh, what I did was I reviewed previously used items uh by uh two two uh different uh age groups. Uh below forty five and above. And uh I just uh watch what the differences are and I checked uh, well, what what d do we want, and how can we uh d aim a at uh the target group. Well uh what I found was that a senior um senior citizens uh Ye Ah, it's it's okay. Uh They, well, they like more the they like the traditional materials, like wood and and such more. Wood and chrome. And uh uh they like uh straightforward shapes. Um, uh they they they they like luxurious uh styles, where whereas the young and dynamic, they like a more uh soft materials. Think of the Teletubbies, for instance. Uh uh, soft and fluffy and colourful and Well uh, shapes are curved and round. Y y you get the picture. And uh they like sports and gaming, and that gives them uh the vitality. Uh, so w well uh, firs Yes. Yeah. No, I'll I'll get to that. You you'll see. Yeah. Uh, well f first off, let's start start with the energy. W I uh I had a choice between uh a few different uh sources. But uh the two basic sources that I found were the best possible were the battery uh versus kinetic. Uh kinetic, that's when you move something, then uh it gets energy. I figured, well that's ki kinda high-tech, when when you have a remote control that well, when you pick it up, it has power. That would be actually very nice, uh I figured. Well, we could also use a battery, that's a bit Yeah. Yeah yeah, you c just you have to shake it around a little bit. And then then it d then it has some more uh energy. Well, y you could just go for a battery. Or you can go for both? Yeah, I actually did. But uh the thing is about solar panel is you have to have l uh light. Well, sunlight preferably. Uh, and you you could you could use normal light, but uh you wouldn't get the same amount of energy that you would from a battery or something. Uh for uh ultimate b uh n uh use of uh solar panels, you could actually use uh you could use uh solar panels, but uh you ha you'd have to implement them into uh the remote control, leaving you uh a bit less space for the interface. So uh so i i it it wo what's actually I I c just in f I've figured it out that well, uh seeing that you'll always be uh within the l uh distance of T_V_, and the from T_V_ there comes a a a whole bunch of light. So it would actually power itself uh from a T_V_. But, well you just take up all the space, and you wouldn't uh have the full amount of power actually used. So I I prefer kinetic because it's uh well, the costs aren't that much higher, and um, ju just a bit more high-tech than than a normal battery. I mean, if No, but uh d Well, you pick it up and you press buttons and y well, you Yeah, well uh actually it is. And it it if it isn't, you just shake it a bit and and add add with power up again. But, what l what Jarek said, you could you could use a battery that you'd just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves. And for rest, you'd just add juice on the battery. Exactly. And so that Uh Uh well, f furthermore, you you we uh checked uh the cases. We have uh different options uh concerning the cases. You ha I you sim uh you simply add a basic uh standard uh model uh it was kind of square and uh I figured that's a bit boring. So you you we could go for uh the single curved or the double curved. Um, single curve, it's just a well, uh, you know, it's just uh a nice curve. Or but but you could go in a in an double curves. And that's like several different dimensions. That gives you an whole new uh effec Yeah, that gives you a younger and uh more high-tech look, I f I figured. But, that uh we'll discuss later. What? You want me to draw in three-D_? Uh, yeah, I ca I ca I could I could show you. I could show you. Well uh let's say y uh you uh Let's say that's your standard uh That's a bit your d standard design. But you could actually go like uh something like this. And then uh in three-D_ effect you could go So y you you just Yeah, this is a this bit uh difficulty in I didn't take a major in art. So But but you could have uh uh a whole new uh the back back the the the depth, you could you could uh just play around a bit with. You you don't have to use standard uh Yeah you could y It leaves more space for creativity. Uh that might be an idea, but just a Well, furthermore, uh well, uh plastic versus rubber? You We could choose uh what uh what's better, plastic um or rubber. I I ch prefer rubber because it feels uh Yeah. Yeah, it's soft and it's that I like soft. Yeah, yeah I mean uh plastic uh is Plastic also has that cheap feeling to it, like plastic uh Your your I usually associate plastic with uh something that's cheap. Uh that's maybe just me, but Uh, we could uh uh, oh, talk about it later. Uh furthermore, buttons. Uh traditional uh or a touch screen. Well, we discussed it in a previous meeting, so I figured I'll just leave it at the L_C_D_. And uh chip set, well uh if we are going to use traditional buttons, we could go uh with a simple chip set. But uh if we decide to go on a n uh um L_C_D_ screen, we would use an uh we have to use an a advanced chip set. And that would bring uh the necessary costs with with it. So that's something we th have to keep in mind. If it isn't uh manageable uh budget-wise, we'd have to go over to uh to sim to simple buttons. Yeah. Yeah, probably. Yeah, probably, but But uh yeah, that's that's That shouldn't shouldn't be uh that big a issue. I'll I'll I'll just add, uh uh I put a big summary here, so we could discuss it a bit. Uh what i what are your ideas concerning battery versus kinetic? Yeah, you you you should we should A combination. Uh, you use the battery and w charge it up with kinetic. When you pick it up, it charges up. Yeah. Yeah yeah, I know. Yeah, I con Exactly. What uh what do you think? You agree? Yeah? Both? Okay. Uh, well that would bring the m m some more costs, but I mean the Who cares, right. That's the Project Manager's problem. Yeah, well Fifty cent uh Uh, why doesn't And then we have single-curved versus double-curved. That Okay. No, we'll we'll just wait and uh Uh, plastic versus rubber. Any ideas? Uh, rubber? You Uh, I figured it will be m rather than hard Nah, rubber c uh this is a casing, yeah. Rubber casing, because well if you use an uh d a touch-screen, uh it's just a casing uh around it. So um, you could go for plastic, but I figured I I I would choose rubber. Well, m I don't know. No. Yeah. That isn't Yeah, that would cover it. That that would solve the problem. So mm Uh uh so uh so what are the opinions? Uh rubber or plastic? I I I prefer rubber. Yeah, you too? You sure? You you you seemed to hesitate a bit. Yeah, it it shouldn't it shouldn't flop over when you hold it in your hand uh No, that that that that's gonna The the chip set will hold it firm in place, and uh and and uh and a L_C_D_ screen also Yeah it m might it might. Uh, tra uh traditional versus L_C_D_, well I figured we we all set on that. And uh, then also the simple versus advanced. Well I figure if we go for L_ L_C_D_, we we should have the advanced. So that shouldn't be a problem. Okay, well that's my uh Uh, you're welcome. Well, the Teletubbies sh Well, you could. You you could. Well uh Yeah. Well, I actually saw a phone that you could use as a remote, so Yeah. Hey. That might be a next step. Well, yeah. You take your uh remote with you to school. Yeah. Very nice. I don't know if it's worth uh the time and effort we are going to spend on it. Because well it's a simple function, but it's gonna take a lot of resources and a lot of time um to programming it. Because you'll have to start working with the profiles and such. And I'm not sure if it's actually worth uh investing that much time and effort into it. I don't know what But, well, if you want to I i i if we in incorporate uh the parental control, uh let's say we do, and and well whatever, cho uh child just goes up to the T_V_ and presses up for instance. Well uh, nob nobody's stopping the child from uh well checking uh the channel. But that Well, I'm not sure because um for that to happen, you d you will have to receive a signal from the uh remote control, so it would, yeah, have to be constant uh constant signalling. What m what may be better is to incorporate an uh a separate device that uh that you can program with the remote control. And that uh provides parental control, for instance. And that's just an optional uh device. So there's n that's there's uh besides uh the remote control, you'll have a separate uh Yeah? Yeah, that's true. That's true, but uh at same instant, same happens when uh you have remote control. So But, only difference is uh the uh the people buying the remote control will now get the f added feature of parental control, and those people wouldn't uh necessary want it. So, you you'd be Yeah. Yeah. I can see games happening. Yeah. Yeah, that will be nice. Well, I don't know. I I figure if you had two different remotes, you could bo choose one with uh well uh uh a receiver in it. So you could actually easily uh build in uh parental control. But it would would be uh more expensive. So, a and that that way uh you could make cheap model and a expensive model. Could ma make the uh simple model and the deluxe model, uh for instance. Yes they are. Yeah. Yeah, you you have some T_V_s any Yeah. That is true, that is true. Well yeah, you could you could easily you could easily you could easily to the mote control. But you still have the problem about uh the television itself. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that is true. Yeah, that is true. Yeah, you could you could you could go like uh that that would actually make uh things a lot more easy. You could just blame it on television and uh make it their problem. Yeah, I figured I figure we could do that. Yeah, yeah, sure. Uh, I'm not sure what marketing thinks about it, but User profile. Well yeah, you you could actually build in a function that you can program it yourself, for the more advanced users. Yeah, which buttons do you want to in it. Because you can you can like build in a back-forward button, and uh some po somebody would just want to watch two channels. Yeah, you could you could m have people want uh want that. Ah, yeah, sure. Well, if you if you have the l L_C_D_ screen, you can you can uh have a small logo i uh at the bottom. And it could just stay there. Yeah, that spins around or something. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, something like that. A small icon. So we're going to work together right now? Definitely. Well thank you too. You wish. M Aye? Cheers. Hey. Yeah, uh I'm not sure if we uh we Because I saw something about individual actions. Well, yeah. Right. Uh Do you have new email? Hmm.