Oh. Oh, I got a nice little screen here over here. I got like this big black border uh on every side. I'll I'll fix it. Yeah, whatever. Yes. I don't know what the right order is. So Mm-hmm. Yes, I agree. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I haven't really found a conclusion like that. Yeah. Design. Sounds interesting. Alright. Yes. Yeah. It's alright. Um Alright, I've done some research for functional requirements. Um yes. The working method um there were hundred uh uh w h one hundred people, uh how do you say uh, f watched using remote controls in the usability lab and they also uh filled out a questionnaire uh with a few questions. Uh, I've lined them up here. Uh, ask whether um common remote control looks good or not, about willingness to spend money on remote control, about zapping behaviour, and uh and stuff like that. I uh have found some interesting things. We do we do got a market. Um, three out of four people claim m uh to find remote controls ugly. So if we make a trendy design, we sure have seventy fi seventy five percent of the market, which you can reach. Um, three out of four users uh zaps a lot, as I uh quoted here from the uh results. Zap buttons are used one hundred and sixty eight times per hour. That's quite a lot. Um, relevant options are, of course, power buttons. Although, only used once per hour. Uh, channel selection, volume and buttons for text, and the more um, yeah, other functions, like audio settings, video settings, sound settings are not said to be very important and uh very much used. Furthermore, fifty percent says uh they only use ten percent of the buttons on a remote control. That doesn't say we got we can leave ninety percent off. But it sure um says we shouldn't make it too uh complicated. Fifty percent also claims uh to have lost a remote control very often in the room. And um an important thing here, the most important customers uh, which is over seventy percent of our market, is in the age range of thirty six to sixty five years old. And uh elderly people, our market, are less interested in uh nice features, but more willingly to spend more money on remote controls. So, what I was thinking oh, wrong side. We shouldn't implement too much features on uh on our remote control, because elderly people will get th lost. Group features for a higher usability, uh what I was claiming in the previous meeting. Um, all the settings, about audio settings, video settings and channel settings, which are not very often used, we could group them uh on one button and make them accessible uh in one menu button or whatever, because they are used very rarely and well, it uh there are a lot of options there, so we can really make uh yeah, how do you say, we can spare at buttons over there. And um, if you want to implement V_C_R_ and D_V_D_ options, group them in the button, not too uh Yeah. Small buttons, so they won't be very um, how do you say Yes, won't be very present, thank you. And a trendy look, well uh, although seventy percent of the market is uh consists of elderly people uh who don't really care for trendy looks or whatever, I guess it can do no harm to make it trendy for the other thirty percent. That was kind of what I found. Okay. Yes. Two? No uh, I agree, I agree. Not too much, no. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. I don't really agree actually, to be honest. It's a very small market which we will approach then if we uh want to reach customers younger than forty. It's only like thirty percent of the total market. Mayb yeah? Okay. Maybe maybe we can compromise a little bit. Not too much then, bu alright. Yes. Yeah, I'll have a look. We put the fashion in electronics. Sense and simplicity. Well, to be honest, if um our uh aim group is uh till forty, not older than forty, maybe that's not very uh yeah, we don't really need to have a simple remote control. I think we can implement more functions then, because um basically uh the younger people are more able to adapt to new technology and therefore will be a more Yes. Yeah. Well, I think Yes. Yeah, control. Not much more than that. Yep. Or we can u u we could put 'em behind the flip-flap or whatever. So t Yeah. Y yes. But but for for example, V_C_R_, that's better example in this case. I think on a remote control for television you don't need to be able to programme uh the V_C_R_ to start recording at three P_M_ or whatever, just play, stop, rewind and uh fast forward. Yeah, I know, but uh Yes. Yeah. Alright. Yes, definitely, yeah. Yeah, and maybe two or three other options, but not nothing more than that. I think stop function is very useful. If you have a uh a page which consists of more pages, and you are not a very quick reader, then I think it's very irritating if the next page shows up, but Well, I use it very regularly, the action. I re I use it quite often. Might be. Might be. I think the plus and the minus button should be uh quite present, yep. Yep. If you grab the remote, your hands should be on top of the plus. Yes. I think double A_. Yep. The most ordinary uh batteries. Yep. I think about twenty minutes. I think that's n that's more for a for an age range or uh ten to twelve or whatever. Yeah, yeah, that's good one, yep. Ye I think the can opener i is a brilliant idea actually, because television and beer is not a rare combination. Yes. Yep. No, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, a swapable front or whatever. Yeah. Yes, definitely, definitely. Yes, it it it should be f be visible nearly anywhere in the room. As I uh as I said during my presentation, fifty percent uh o Yeah. A face? Or uh yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I see what you mean, yep. If you do that, but I don't know if that's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half Euros. I in in the base we could like make uh a button, and if you push it, the remote control itself s makes noise. That's probably stupid, but uh as I found here uh, fifty percent, was it fifty? Uh fifty percent fifty percent often loses remote control. No uh, of the base the the the the the the the thing you put it in. If an a button in in that uh Yeah, you can ma make rechargeable one, yeah. Why not. It should only cost twelve and a half Euros, of course. Aye? Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yes. Yes, definitely. Yeah. Well y you you could connect that to two hundred to twenty volts, of course. I don't know. On the other hand, if you don't do it, we can also make a nice bay. I mean, it looks trendy and still still put a bleep function in it, but um I think the bay is definitely uh Sure, why not. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. With eye candy, ear candy, whatever. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Definitely, yeah. It would be nice, yes. Most televisions break down before the battery pack is empty, so yes. Yeah, why not. Hmm. No, that's true. Why not. Bleep bleep bleep, oh there it is, yeah. Yeah. No. Nearly. Yeah. Something like that, yeah. Oh. We'll see. Maarten, five minutes. No, that's true uh, yeah. Should we by the way draw um on our nice whiteboard, um a little uh idea of yeah. I dunno. Has anyone got um a little bit detailed ideas about the shape? I don't, for one. A bit bigger I guess, but The shape is nice, it's um something different, and we want we want that. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah, but twelve and a half Euros? Uh Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Something like that is very ergonomic. So Yeah. Yes, volume and programme should be there I guess, because you hands wi uh y your hands will be in the smaller part. Yeah, and the numbers on top, I guess. Maybe ro roun rounds uh uh l sorry. Maybe lights also around the volume and the p the plus minus programme buttons. Oh. Okay. Yeah. Okay, yeah. I think I think that'll be too big tha too big then. Yeah. Yes, we are. Alright. Yes, I guess it's lunch time. I don't know. Half and hour? I thought our next uh next individual round was half an hour. I don't know about the lunch break. Well