Do you need to change anything on it? Because otherwise I will already open it. Okay. Is it much changes? Uh I didn't No no. I do hot have Only the same information. Hello, Sebastian. I believe uh Miss uh Tentel is with us as well, in the control room. Oh, it's that Roo again, always late. Bongiorno. Hmm. I see some interesting okay. People, welcome back. The third meeting. Um I have some points I would like to uh some some issues I would like to point out. Um first of all, um if you make minutes yourself as well, uh like Sebastian does, um could you put them on the shared folder? If you do not make minutes, no problem, but it's easy for me to see what you uh wrote down, so I could uh can uh um use that in the in the report. Um the second thing, um I was th uh s thinking to myself, I have this little remote control, and I'm talking to it, but I still need to point to the television, because it works with infrared. That's quite strange. Okay. We'll come to that later, I g I think. Um the agenda for now uh uh are there any pre-discussion questions? Okay. Um we wi we will have your individual presentations, uh then the decision on the remote control concept, um and uh the closing. Forty minutes in total for this. So um I think we we can immedis immediately start with the individual presentations, um the progress you've made. Um I think it might be smart to look at uh Ruud's um information first, because I understood there are some uh significant changes in the market situation. Um yeah. Uh w wait a sec wait a se uh could you go to the previous slide? Um because I'm taking minutes and it Um were the important themes enclose. Yeah okay. The feel of to be spongy Okay, so so, yeah, it might not be t uh it it shouldn't be too hard. It it maybe it rubber or or yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, that's interesting. You could make a few v very colourful ones, and uh a very traditional co cover. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it is, it is i yeah. Yeah. Do you know the phone? It's the Siemens uh C_ twenty five, I believe it's it's the one the Post-bank uh gave away, the very You kn you know, Ruud, as well? About th Okay. Okay. Um uh okay. Do you have uh thit that was Okay. Okay, so the the m uh important findings are uh innovation is more important than ease of use for the our target group. And um colouring is important and and uh soft materials. Okay. Okay, Roo, could you do your presentation? Okay, well it's good to to sum up uh the things we already thought about. Shape. Yeah. And what I'm thinking about, maybe um we should make very light but um uh a grip um I mean this is how you hold a remote control. Um it shouldn't be too uh glatt, too slippery, s because um Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, ex for your fingers, yeah. Yeah. It grips automatically. Yeah, okay. Okay, good. Yeah. Way too much I think for our goal, yeah. Okay, b but I think we'll yeah. Okay. Well, it would be very new to the market, but Yeah. I think um, if if I can hook on to that, um the kinetic thing is very funny. I mean solar is of course it's nice, but it's, well, your uh your calculator has a solar panel. Um hand dynamo Well, maybe m Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. And wha Okay. Yeah. Okay, because I guess the voice recognition feature u consumes quite a f uh a lot of power. Yeah. Okay. Well This will be the remote, right? Um with uh maybe a channel selector. What about integrating a scroll-bar on this side? Because this is how you keep it Volume? Well, what about mute? Thi i i m I guess uh th this is my volume button. And I can either on this side or this side um And click it to muten the device. And and it makes it different from the traditional uh devices on this market. So I'm looking for a way to uh make it a little different than the traditional ones. So maybe um I guess that that's something you two uh need to think about. Uh Ruud, wha what do you thing about uh a scroll-bar? Uh scroll-wheel. Okay. Yeah. Well, all the Sony telephones use it, for example, for volume. Nokia has a well, okay, it's not really a scroll-wheel, but on their side th the the volume button is on the side, because you gri grab it like this. Yeah. I know, it's not really a scroll-wheel. No. Yeah. For you too, yeah. Okay. Sebastian. Um Yeah. It performs the action. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh well uh d did we already decide on the display? To No. On screen display. Yeah. Okay th Okay. Good. Kineti okay. Okay, it's maybe a bit too too flashy, too yeah. Yeah, but that that's the same with the solar cell. That's no different. Yeah. Okay. No no, but the uh um that's what Sebastian said. He said uh this is what uh this is my personal preference. But but yet, I understood that the market is different. So um No, r rubber with colours. Colourful and Yeah. But but do we want the curved uh uh design, or I it's too dull. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, what about um the issue I um addressed at the beginning of the meeting? Um the voice function w with the infrared uh issue. Because it it's of cour Yeah. Well It depends also on your on your Well, it depends on your walls actually. If you have uh have um smooth walls, it it it probably you're probably right. But if you have carpets on the wall, which our natural loving friends probably do have, then um yeah, th th it might be a bit more of a issue. So Yeah. I like the scroll wheels uh idea. Yeah. Well, it looks uh yeah, well um according to Ruud, the the the market likes um new flashy technology, and I mean L_C_D_ is well, ok I know, but it's m it's less um s standard than than Well, we are not very w we do not know uh much about the the f the financial part. That's the problem. Because if we do have enough um space in in our finance, I would say do integrate it, because it it adds a little ext extra high-tech feeling to it. Mm yeah. Okay, okay. Yeah. Okay, I I agree. I think i Ruud, do you have any um anything you would like to um add or or maybe thoughts or No? Sebast uh nee, Roo? Roo, do you have any other Nothing more. Um Sebas Well, we we need to describe uh decisions now. So um on the energy, well, we decided. Chip. The case uh rubber with uh c one one uh one curve. User interface um Um then the corporate identity should be uh in the product. I guess that is something for Roo and Sebastian. Uh you talked about it before, the colours, grey and yellow. Keep it in mind. And um the buttons, well we talked about it now. The next phase, um Sebastian, um is um the design of the look and feel. The user interface design. And for you, the product evaluation. Um I'm sure your personal coach will give you more information on that. Um and uh the I_D_ and the U_I_D_ need to work together on the prototype drawing on the SMARTboard. And I'm going uh to plan my holidays. Yeah, it's it's uh when we come back in thirty minutes, uh you will have a uh prototype ready. Yeah? I can. Um maybe one of you could write it down. Great. Um Uh you you need to help me. Um The casing is curved, single-curved. Traditional batteries uh and solar. No, they can be complementary. Uh al al I uh Every device Yeah. Okay, um th Battery and solar, yeah. Yeah, with colourful rubber. Uh if it's possible with uh different um covers, but I'm not sure if our suppliers can uh can help us with uh with such uh uh a wish. Uh grey and yellow or black and yellow. Yeah. Yeah, although I don't think that's very colourful. Except for the yellow of course, but um I could think of a more uh attractive uh c uh set of colours. Well, I was more thinking about the fruit colours that the Ruud showed us before. Well, it it doesn't have to be red. Uh I mean th uh I think these colours are really what our young people are looking for. Um so maybe it shouldn't even be two colours, it should be a full colour cover with such an image or or I mean thinking in two colours is is too black and white for our m uh c uh market group, I guess. Black and yellow, yeah. Okay, so we have to deal with wh what's possible here. Yeah. Okay. Um more f more more decisions we made. Um Um The scroll-heel. Yes, the voice recognition we already decided. Yeah. Uh I'm going to leave that up to you two. Yeah. I think rubber is nice. Because it uh i I mean what do you touch the button, and what do they want spongy uh uh devices, or or i. Uh is that uh does our our supplier say so? Yeah. You could place a um uh this this would be the button. The scroll-wheel, I mean. And you could place the indica th th the signals the No no, there's no painting, only uh yellow or But it's into the rubber. Yeah, but this is on the pla yeah, I know. Um I think uh I know which you understand af uh I know what you mean. What about um making this rubber and making this plastic? Yeah. Well actually, we should have it the other way around, I guess. A plastic cover with rubber finishing. I mean, this is this is the finishing. This is um what's on the edge. What you feel. But the front, on which the the buttons are doesn't have to be rubber. I mean I know, but do you touch this or do you touch this? I mean, I I never touch between the buttons. Yeah, the side, exactly, the sideways. The side, but do you touch between the the these buttons? Okay. Well, we do not have very much time uh left. Um I guess you two have to figure that out. I'm going to leave the decision to you, um because you have to make its prototype, and um yeah y you have the most knowledge about the suppliers, the possibilities and uh so I'm going to leave it the decision with you. Um Sebastian, did you write enough decisions down? Yeah. Okay. With those regular chips we can still uh control advanced functions. The chip is is not really Okay, well. Yeah. Okay. Um okay, then I think we are uh quite finished. Um I'll see you guys in thirty minutes and um Yeah? Yeah, um if you write wrote anything down, uh could you put it on the shared folder? Yeah. I know, but well Great. Right.