Oh, there he is. Go ahead. That's pretty shocking uh. Which channel selection? Oh, okay. Is that manageable? 'Cause it sounds pretty expensive too. Okay. Okay. Shall I go? Okay. So, some technical functions. Basically I have some issues which you discussed earlier. Uh let's just start with the method. It sounds really easy, what does the user do, what does the th remote control do, but there are quite some issues. So the things I'm going to concentrate on are the user aspect, because the technical aspect, that's pretty much covered. We can do that. What goes wrong at the user. Gets the remote control. Where is the remote control? We've all had it once, I want to watch some television, where's the remote control? That was one of your ideas which you posted in the network folder, a really good idea. Uh these are just the issues. I come to some uh personal experience, findings, possible solutions later. Searches for the button. There are many buttons on a remote control which are not clear. Uh so either we lose those or we try to make it a little bit more clear. Uh also symbols tend to fade after a while. There's nothing more annoying than faded symbols, because you don't know which channel is this button, so possibly we could find uh something for that, yes. Uh covered that. Oh yes, user presses the button. Um usually when you have a lot of buttons, buttons are small. So you press more once remote control goes kablouey or something like that, so we have to pay attention not to put too mun too many buttons on uh the remote control. And possibly also the size, so more important buttons, bigger si So this is basically what I h had in mind in the fade-proof symbols, locator, a sound, uh so clear we should stick to existing symbols, but maybe we could do a little uh investigation to see whether some symbols are uh need to be replaced by others. Uh This I pretty much covered. So what we want to go to is not this one, but more less buttons, easy, some bigger buttons. So that's basically uh what I had in mind. This is not the final design, this is just a general idea of how I'd like to see uh basically the general idea. So that was it. Yeah, I think it's a really good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Is it manageable? Is it easy? Yeah. And it costs too much to fabricate, so we're on a tight budget here. And it's Maybe just a slap-on sticker with a button which sends out a small signal. Yeah, exactly. And it's Besides that, the technology isn't really super yet, so that is a problem in implementing this. It's a good idea, but it's just not I don't think the market's ripe for that yet. But should the exchangeable covers include the buttons themselves or just the C that's a problem with the with the text then. Oh yeah, I know what you mean. Yeah. Pretty straightforward. Is it techni technically possible to uh send a signal to a television and then pops up a menu, because we're working with different types of television, so we're going to work with that? It's an in-built menu, isn't it? Yes. So basically we Or we could use a double-sided for less used functions you Yeah, with the cover. I it's basically an idea to overcome these issues, because No, but basic functions but functions which are not frequently used. Because if we use a universal remote control, we're going to have to have most buttons on it, so Yeah. Yeah, I have some ideas. I have some ideas. I'll put some on paper and present them next time uh the ideas that I have. I heard a beep go. Yeah, but we like some some curves or Yeah. Oh, we get the general ideas, yes. Yeah, and since you're holding it like this, I suggest you put the channel up channel down and volume yeah yeah. So you have the up channel the down channel the volume, do we want that horizontal or vertical? This is basically what people are accustomed to, so Yeah, but this is just a g general idea. Uh maybe the menu button can go i in the middle. Whoa. You won't be able to find it. We could make a combination that it goes beep and that you that some light lights up. So we have the basic channels we've got here, uh the power button somewhere over here? I usually press it on top. At least that's what I'm accustomed to. What would you like to? Okay, mute button. Is that somewhere here? Is that used often? The mute button? Do people use that often? 'Cause uh I'm pretty much accustomed to it right over here, at least in general, but It's not that important, no. Sure. That's pretty much what people are accustomed to, aren't they? Well, I'm accustomed to the channels being on top. But isn't that expensive in the entire package? But again, isn't that too expensive? 'Cause that means that we have to implement rechargeable batteries, a docking station And do people actually want that? To pay extra they want to pay for rechargeable? Can can we save this or Yeah. Could you post some other essentials of what people want, so that I can work with some buttons, where to put it You seem to have information on that, I'd like to uh see some of it. No, it's not. No. Oh, your computer. Okay. Well, I have your PowerPoint presentation, I can get some inf information out of that. Let's see. Oh, where would we Where would we want the uh teletext button? Because we decided that it's n not that important. Do we put it somewhere over here? Or maybe this is something for the next meeting, I can draw out some ideas. Yeah. Well, we have decided more or less the basic structure. I can put the other buttons in Yeah. Yeah. Maybe another idea uh. Yes, but it should cover all the functions, so possibly, just an idea that popped in Yeah, but we could go a step further, because some T_V_s have the uh possibility to adjust brightness, that kind of menus. Yes, but it Because we're making We need to adjust to the technology. True. No, I thi Oh, we're not going to be able to sell it for twenty-five then, with an L_C_D_ screen. Well I doubt it, but Well, I had basically Something like this. To make it kind of futuristic. So what kind of Yeah, sure. Now it's pretty much tucked away in your hand. I'm I'm still not convinced of the Yeah. So basically can I what we have to decide now is uh what goes on top. Do we put the volume control and the channel control here, or do we put it on he Would we like to press it in the middle? Yes, but we do agree that we keep this at the centre, because it's basically the most important function. Well, that would make them quite small. So maybe you'd put them here. Yes, but a big remote control probably not something which people would like. So would we like this or would we like the Let's see what we have here. Okay. So I think of a name. So Yes, go and finish up and I'll see you at lunch. Yeah.