Okay, welcome everyone to our next meeting. I'm busy writing and busy leading the meeting, but um I've prepared a little presentation once again um or at least an agenda I think uh the biggest part of the presentation will be uh on your side. Um we are here at the conceptual design meeting, which is hereby opened. Um once again I will try to uh write some minutes which I just from the previous meeting uh placed inside our project folder, which was quite some typing. Um today we once again have uh three presentations, if I'm right, and after that we will take a decision on the remote control concepts. And just as the last time we have forty minutes to accomplish that. Okay, well I'd say let's start with the first presentation. Um in the same order as last time? Okay. Well, take it away. Mm-hmm. Well, business colours I thought it was the the slogan and uh the corporate image, so yeah, it needs colour, but I don't think you have to make the entire thing in the corporate colour. It must be recognisable. Okay, thank you. Mm. Mm-hmm. Thanks. Now our third team member with his presentation. Oh y So for the older people, a more traditional uh form. Yeah, I guess changing colours will be easier than changing uh the shape of it. But maybe then both groups won't buy it. Mm-hmm. Yeah we think so too. Hmm. So we need a spongy feeling. Yeah. And we won't include a a pen, or something to point, hey, we we want to do it with our fingers, right? Yeah. Yeah but I think people want to use a remote with with their fingers because th they're used to that and And maybe we have to add a tissue to remove the grease from all the fingers, huh. Okay well maybe, if I can interrupt you, maybe I should uh should show some points on which we uh should take a decision. So we can discuss these points. those points um energy question mark. How how should we uh supply the thing with energy and how are we going to do it with separate docking station and then put in it. Uh chip on print and case. Those are points my uh coach advised me to discuss here, but I hope you have ideas about them. Yeah. So that's the the the first point. We already decided that on the previous meeting. Mm-hmm. Simple rechargeable uh batteries. Yeah but how did this how does that with a L_C_D_ screen? You still have a print plate. Mm-hmm. Yeah well it's a good question. It just was in there and I didn't have any information about it, but Mm-hmm. Well you need some kind of C_P_U_, I guess. Mm-hmm. Because we're projecting projecting the buttons on the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. But that's what we want,. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah you have a fancy design, then, right away. So Okay so Yeah but I wrote it down. What about the user interface, there are also some some questions uh about the concepts I think you have some ideas on that. You you showed your drawing. Mm. Everybody's searching in his data. Yeah well I think we have we don't have to decide about that now how where we will put the buttons just the concepts. Yeah well we just heard about the new uh technology, huh? Mm-hmm. Yeah maybe at the bottom where you can can hel hold it with you hand that there's also a microphone uh over there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well maybe just in the the spot you just pointed out because I think it should be in a in an important position where people can see it, because it is the the unique uh idea of our remote, huh, the the speech control. Well maybe where the one hand But are we talking about the button, or about the microphone? Yeah because a microphone is very small thing, but you can make it look like it's big so as its its really an important function of the remote. So well uh type, supplements, anything. Yeah, well we already s discussed that, huh, the the L_C_D_ and Mm-hmm. And I think I would it would make even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side which you can touch and Yeah. Okay. Well there's our five minutes uh warning. Um any more uh questions about about the design or the user interface or different components, everyone? Everybody think they can can work for that? Is there a standard colour? Yeah. But still silver and black are well silver is new but also traditional, so uh Yeah w what about a yellow thing, I mean it could be ugly, but it's definitely fancy. Mm-hmm. Yeah I would think about colours like uh red, yellow, green, blue, just Yeah. Mm-hmm. Maroon. Yeah. Okay, so Who's pinging? You are pingin Okay. I thought we Okay, so uh that wraps it up? Everybody knows uh what to do? Well I wrote it down here. I wrote it down here what to do um. The next meeting is once again in thirty minutes. Um here are the individual actions, and especially notice that uh the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer are going to work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board, and of course to all four of us uh specific instructions will be emailed by our personal coach. Well I I'd say just wait uh for email and uh find out. I don't know. Okay well that was what I had to say, uh, final thoughts from anyone, or? We're finished. Okay, well thank you very much.