Yo. Evaluation criteria. Oops. Some creative uh Oh. Yeah. Ok okay. Shall I give a short introduction and then uh Okay. J_ and J_, okay. Take it away. Um, this was our first concept. We decided to use a single touch-screen. So, we've worked out this concepts, how to how to hold it, where to put the buttons and and stuff. And um, well, we began with uh with a form of shape, that is uh is easy to hold w in one hand, left or right handed. So, we made i it a little bit less thick and uh it has some ar artistic meaning. No? This uh isn't nothing. Idea maybe uh is better. Um well, during the meeting I showed you the concept of uh placing the buttons on top, usable with your thumb, and uh the menu structure, uh if necessary, with your other hand, so it's just gonna hold it easily. And it has to be acce accessible with your uh other hand too, of course. So we began uh working out a concept. Yeah, the panel just uh of course goes like this. But the overlaying layer is uh a little bit uh curved and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, we added that this um can be held with your hands for this maximum is om yeah, one and a half centimetres. So, you have room here for your battery and maybe even other um electronic chips. S and you can just be the the layer of the touchscreen and some have some wires underneath it to make it as uh thin as possible in the middle for good grip. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It would be best to to appeal to a broad public and make the covers exchangeable, so the young people will buy an orange and a red and blue and a purple, but when the o older people uh go in the shop and they see uh an orange um remote control, it would be less appealing than a white one. And young people, we think, are a little bit more flexible, they think, ah I'll buy for a couple of Euros some noi nice hip uh Well, um I think a cover is necessary, 'cause als otherwise you'll just have the L_C_D_ screen. So, there must be some cheap standard cover, um maybe white or something, that's could comes with it and you can buy, so we can make extra money. Okay. The other way around, you mean. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay, yeah. Well yeah, a colour of a wood style, a white c and uh a couple of h hip uh fruity colours. And lea uh l delivered standard with a fruity colour, but not too not too much. This is banana and mango, not not purple or p orange and yellow. Ah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, okay. No. Yeah. Okay. Okay. It's my turn. Mm. Yeah. No no, a little more in the middle. No, uh three or yeah. Yeah, it will be primary appealing to to m minus forty, but also appealing to Yeah. It's Wow. Yeah, it's the marketing uh angle on television. We have a wonderful Yeah. Well, it's also fancy then. Yeah. Of course. We have a perfect remote. Yes. Yeah yeah, oh they have to agree but I'm the User Interface uh Expert. Um, uh no. You you've different menu. And volume is impo yeah. Yeah yeah, big and clear. But you could make a teletext button uh six. Otherwise, the people who read this uh are gonna think we have no teletext button. No. Yeah. Black and red. Okay, don't forget to save it. Uh Uh well, when we put in fancy colours, yeah and Yeah. But, um it it's not making any sound uh, have we deciding? So It'll make a difference. We have the better re I don't know. Yeah, I think so. My remote control's black. A little bit, but yeah. Uh K yeah. Fo fo yeah fo five is. Yeah, okay, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If your uh fifteen remotes in a drawer, uh you find it, yeah? Yeah, that's stupid. Uh, but when you lost it you're just not Yeah, mostly when you lose your remote control, it it's under your Most of times when you lose it you're sitting on it. Uh Um I would call uh choose two, 'cause we decided not to make two f uh fresh colours, as it would not. Um, kinda soft, but but not this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah, easy to use, very afford. No, you can do two, because um it can be easier. But then you're l yeah, but then you'll lose function f yeah, functionality and our fancy uh look, so. But It is r it is rather easy to use, because you have the primary buttons always visible. No. Yeah, m mine too. Yeah, but waits just a minutes. Inspiration. These are the m regular remotes. Yes, true, one. Yes, one. Very multifunctional. No. This is used with speech recognition, this. Yes. But uh, maybe make it two, because the games are in a sub-menu and not uh it's not an entire game. Yeah, okay. Yes. Th did you make this or the Yeah, It changes it maybe. Oh yay. Oh dear. Hmm? If they're under twelve fifty. Yeah? Cau 'cause so it's okay. Battery, yes. One. One, yeah. Kinetic, one. Yeah. No. No, the advanced chip is uh Yeah. Yeah, you give it a sample, uh one. No. You no. Yeah, 'cause um the layer around it fits around the bubbles on the o on the uh the back of the Uh, we don't have anything else. So Could you step a little to the right ma Yeah. Oh, sorry. Or And zero. Special uh is the special colour? Mm. Yeah. Yeah, if if you're honest, we'll uh type one, special colour. Yeah. Uh, j maybe we'll finish uh the the list first and then look back, aye? No. Scroll wheel, no. No. One, yeah. No. Mm, is it No. No. So No. No. Mm, single-curves. Yeah. Just cut off the kine yeah. Or yeah. Yeah, we just put a good battery it it. Mobile phones nowadays. But you can use rechargeable batteries anyway, just you s you have to recharge them manual. Yeah, that's a cost reduc Ah. Yeah, so we have to bake the ba back flat, and then No, it's it's just one curve and not a back uh curved I think. Or Or are these two curves? Uh Yeah, but what else uh do we have to cut out? No advanced chip, uh that's a little bit of problem. Although, can we make it with a regular chip? Curvy. Explanation. Twelve fifty. Well Yeah, but does it fit with our design? Do we have to u adapt it? It's single-curves. W Could we just make the bubbles uh cut off the back, and then we're uh has Okay. More. Yeah. You make it optional. Functional. Uh, there's an a a athe aesthetic value, but not functionality. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but it doesn't fit in our co cost profile. So You ma can make an an especialised extra gold version. Yeah. Yeah, just one big curve. Uh, this uh American figures. You just cut down some trees. Whoever makes uh a remote control out of titanium. Yes. No. We sue. We Yeah, we'll start her all o all over again. Um For us, there was a lot of creativity. We could just sign up an uh remote if we liked. Uh Crappy. Cra Yeah. Yeah, example of crappy leadershi Okay, yeah. You could of said, shut up you fool. Yeah, more more consensus. Ev everybody w was agreeing every Yeah. Well, we work together on a project, but everybody has his own task. So, it is a little bit Yeah. No Well, it went okay. Stupid stupid pen, but uh Yeah, but but draw something uh difficult. D uh just write your name right now. Try to write your name, in in writing letters, of course, yeah? Yeah, normally, uh this uh the w Block letter sign it, yeah? Just just write your name in in one line. If it's a little bit too small bit quicker now. It didn't Uh he he knows how it works, yeah. Y well, yeah. Th the i The idea is great, but it doesn't work properly. Uh Yeah. Nee. As uh as I said a m a c few moments ago, it I would like, myself, to write with a normal pen, because must um Yeah, it's almost the same concept, but you can just sim more simply put it on our scanner. I it's the same concept as the pen, where you f have to download the software or s uh very uh slow. Yes. No, and it doesn't give any added value. Yeah, not user-friendly. Yeah, and it's it's not very precise. We're trying to m to Yeah, it may um Yeah, and tr try to wri write your name uh in a in a normal uh size, yeah. Smaller. Yeah, smaller. Just like when you're writing on a letter. No, a as you saw on on this drawing, just open open this one or that one. It's uh th it it Yeah, uh we had more problems even here when we trying to draw these buttons, it's almost impossible to get clear uh when you're uh And the eraser was another problem. It w t is is this large. And when you try to erase this line, y I'm gonna erase my name there. M Abo What kind of new ideas? Yeah, uh New ideas about uh the working of this software, about about the project, about the remote controls or Hello. Yeah. So true. Not really, just they have to improve it. Uh, the concept is okay, but it has to be quicker. Uh, it is still opening my programme, n almo almost uh my entire computer is locked up during the process and it, yeah, just takes too many time. People will still feel the need to to write it quickly on uh a page and not download it and save it, and More user-friendly. 'Cause when you use a pen, you can just draw like you d draw normally, and you do Yeah. Yeah, that l Would be easier. Or at least when you you don't have to adapt to the technology, just you can write in the way you normally write. And now you have to um keep constantly in mind that you're drawing on this screen. And that's a very bad concept. Nah, okay, I I it's my opinion that I Yeah, it's can be saved easier. But if you're in normal flip-over you a lot of people write text. There's no text option. And writing text uh, yeah, you've gotta really do your best to write some Yeah. Or maybe even insert picture. If you have uh some presentation, and you have some f Yeah. 'Cause then you could Oh, okay. So you can With uh W_W_ dot Google dot com. Oh yeah. Maybe. You'll just make a link in Yeah. There's one way to uh Maybe if if you're not using the eraser Something else th Yeah, arrow. Okay. Well, it's Yeah, okay. But. To use, yeah. Yeah. And that's m That's mostly the case, from the over here with the managements you get two minutes to make your case, and if you have to do all this kind You'll rather use PowerPoint and work it out in advance. And th the one or two things you have to draw when you're there, just use a flip-board. Yeah. Okay. Yo, manager. When are w When are we going to produce it? Oh. A chairman. Yes. It's a read-only version. Oh, okay. Uh One two three. Yeah. Well, okay, maybe you can add it later that we decided in the end because of the cost. A single-curved. Ah, it's very cheap. Yeah. He'll do it in his free time. So uh Of directur or directors. Yeah. You can ask your personal Yeah, the end conclusion. But uh Um, the decision to make um the buttons on the top, and the menu on the on the bottom. And clearly Yeah, touch-screen you've mentioned. Okay. Okay, this n yeah. Party party. Oh, before you change anything maybe you um save it first. You can't you can select file and export and then those J_ PEG files. Well, eight. And we have uh, another blank one. Did we change anything? Wow. Yeah. It's a new uh commercial logo. Don't save it, aye? Uh, why are only the first five SMARTboard files saved?