This is it. Yes. Yeah. That's on the rub rubber part. Yeah? Alright. Do we Do we change the Do we change the the order? Or are we going to uh ev evaluate it first? Okay. That's uh um That can be none. Um, we gonna do the evaluation now, together. But I have uh a introduction how it works. So, it will come up. Uh-oh. Okay. Um, yeah. Well, we uh uh, I have um thinked a few evaluation uh criterias, uh based on um our marketing strategy, on uh the latest trends, on user preferences. Uh, we have a seven point scale from uh true, as well. To false, seven? And on base of each c uh criteria, we need to um give a rating. We can uh Well, it look like this. But we gonna uh do it here, they said. So, you hope found out how to do it with a Word document. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah. Um, well uh we have the Word document You So we open up that blank here. Um Think I can Uh, what this just an example. So, this not very important. But um, if I can get a number in here. Hmm. Well, uh we can't do that. Um, so uh you have to think of it as uh the remote control is techno technologically innovative. Uh, and then we have to uh agree on the rating together. And in the end, we will c uh count an average of all rating. The first uh on each item. Yeah, I think it's uh Uh, well technologically using, it's not uh it doesn't contain many new features. Only the L_C_D_. So, it Um, I think I will give it a yeah, yeah, yeah, a four. Hmm. So now i I think you uh see it um its statement. And you true or false. And true is one. So, yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Um, well It's a one. The first item. So, okay the second item. Um, this product is for all sorts of customers. Well, it's a statement which uh I disagree with, because we uh really aim uh at at young market and I think the way it looked uh c uh totally in yellow, it's not uh really aimed for all customers. It doesn't look like that. That's uh a six. Four. Uh, okay. Mm. That's uh the motto of our company. Yeah, well do we do this with uh this product? I um Yeah. I think if we do this, as it's uh uh c uh it's really orientates on the design. Um, so I would give it a two. Two. Uh Okay. Okay. Yes, I'll think of that too. Yeah, agree? A three. Yeah okay. The next element um is the product looks good. Well personally, I do not prefer a um remote control that's fully in yellow. So, I would give this a five. We have to do our uh Two or three? Two. Okay. So, well we gonna do the next part. Uh, yep. Uh uh, the next statement. It has not too much buttons. Um, yeah, I I have uh said is not because uh a low number is better. And in the end we calculate an average. So, um that's why it's a negative in it. Um, well this one of our aims not have too much buttons. So, um uh did we uh do that? Well, uh if we go to uh this fashion, I We still have caused uh a lot of uh buttons for the numbers. But you can you can go for that. And um that way, you don't have a lot of buttons over. So, I would give this a two. One. Um, but where where is the? So Yeah, did we implement uh the sound? Yeah. It won't. One. Okay, um well we aimed for the younger market. Uh yeah, did we achieve that. I think with the way it looks and um it is designed, I will give it a two. Yeah. Uh, yes. That that was uh, yeah, one of the most important things that uh Trendwatch said. I didn't uh say it in my presentation. But um, well does it have that? I would say yes. So um Well, let's also give this a two. T Yeah. Okay. Two. And um, then the last one I could think of, uh it goes with the latest trends. If we looked at the latest trends for the uh younger people, and they ate uh fruit and vegetables, well it has a um a nice colour, uh well compared to food but we didn't uh We did not paint any uh fruit and vegetable on it for something like that. So, I would did not give this uh a one or two. I We'll go for a three. Yes. A three. Okay. So um, come back to the presentation now. So, we find yourself there, and now we have to calculate an average rating. So, we will do that. Yes. By nine. Yeah. Um, uh okay. Two. Come on. So uh, that's a pretty low rating, I think. So, according to our uh own evaluation uh we did a good job. Oh. Nah. How am I doing? Yes. And I closed your slide-show. Which one was the last for you? Uh, dreaming. Next. Finance. Yeah. One... We would have uh n For a remote control. I've For a remote control, I think it is. If we would have uh uh normal buttons instead of uh the joystick. For up down left right. The advanced chip was for the L_C_D_ wasn't it? If uh If we have the n no buttons If we have we have uh not a joystick but buttons, we would have uh, we have thirteen Euros? And then uh we move the the colour. What will that be? Yeah. still, he waited at the No. Project. Yeah, I think you have to compare it to if you would have a normal um normal project without laptops uh and without these devices. I think um Well, the laptops if you have them out front of you, you sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation. Um, well uh the draw-board, well you can draw things. But it not really going very convenient. Uh, maybe it will be easier if you have a smaller monitor and uh you would also see there. And with a normal mouse. Um, and uh the project. Yeah, I agree on what was said uh mainly. Uh, yeah but you always have that some people are talking more than others. And maybe is then um the task of the the project manager to also uh ask more to the people uh less talking. To tell their opinion. Yeah. Okay.