Hello. Hi. Yeah. It's too beautiful. A minute please, my uh laptop is uh oh, there it is, thank you. So welcome back. At the functional design meeting um the plan is uh that uh each one of you, so not me but only you uh will uh present uh the the things you worked on uh the last uh half hour. I will uh take minutes and will put uh the minutes that I have uh at the end of the session in the shared folder. Also the minutes of the previous session are also in the shared folder now, so you can read that uh now or afterwards. Um uh I had an email from the from the management board uh, I don't know if you a al also uh received it, but there were four points uh which uh I think are very important. First one is uh they think that uh teletext teletext becomes outdated uh and internet will be the the main uh focus. Uh second one is also important uh, because it's one of the discussion points of the previous session. Uh the remote control shou should onl only be used for the television, so it uh not gonna it's not gonna be a multi-purpose remote control, so uh that's one thing to keep in mind. Uh second, and I think that's important for the Marketing uh Expert, uh the current uh customers uh are in the age group group of uh forty years and older, but with this uh new remote uh they uh will uh would like to reach uh a group uh younger than uh forty. Uh and uh I think to keep in mind, but not really uh for now is that they uh want the the the slogan and the and the logo uh to uh to be recognised more in the remote. So, we have uh forty minutes, so I think uh not more than ten minutes uh uh per presentation uh each, and please uh use uh all the the the facilities so that you have either SMARTboards, the the Word files, what you uh whatever you want. So uh Tim, can you start? Yeah? Mm-hmm. But it's strange that the the manage board the management board said that the teletext will be uh outdated by the internet. So that that's strange. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's a cool idea. Yeah. Thank you, Tim. Janus, can you uh Okay, thank you Janus. You do? The last presentation. You have plenty of time, Tim and uh Janus don't uh talk to ten minutes, so uh take your time. If you take your time too long I will uh eventually uh warn you. Uh you you just said um uh you wanted to to combine more functions in one, so uh you you want to keep it simple, but I think that if you want to do that, then you can't escape the the fact that there will be buttons uh which give s uh more options than one. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So you think it's will be better to have a t kinda total touch screen. Jirun? Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah. Okay. But let's not uh go too wide about the those things, that's that why we're here. It's it's a nice idea, but I think that's we wel later in the stage. I've one little question about um a total touch screen or uh um a p yeah, a partial, uh because I think uh elderly people may be uh not used to uh a touch screen, so they want the the the normal functions like teletext, volume changing, um uh to be uh, yeah, kinda traditionals uh and uh the the the the other functions, the more difficult functions uh to be uh maybe on the touch screen, but to keep this as uh normal as possible, to keep it accessible. Yeah. Yeah, that's true, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, that's true, yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, that's a good point. Yep. Mm-hmm. They like the fancy stuff, yeah. That's true. Mm-hmm. Mm Yeah. Okay, as you can see uh the minutes from the second meeting, this one, are uh are done. Uh I've uh added the this uh four things from the management board just to keep in mind. Um each time I uh I had a sort of uh summary on what you told and uh what you personal think. Uh so that can be uh can be read out. Uh a f a few things I uh I noticed uh were um Moment. Ooh. Uh th the the main points in uh this uh uh in this uh meeting is I think uh how uh it's going to look uh with uh we must keep it simple, but have the opportunity to uh have more options and have them uh hidden or something, so they don't uh you don't have a big uh thing full of uh buttons or uh um and uh the point that uh you uh wanna use one uh controller uh for uh uh hypothetically each television, so you must uh the the the the functions, know, like the menus or the the parental control must be all uh by the done by the remote control and not by the television. I think that's the point what uh we discussed. Yeah, but you have uh uh an yeah, but you have an international market range, so you have I think a big range of Yeah. Okay. And it's not too complex to do it. Yeah. Just build it in. Yep. Okay. We have five minutes to go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. N yeah. It's very sensitive. Yeah. Okay well uh it's almost at the end. So we have now a lunch break, finally, yeah. Uh after the lunch break uh it's back to uh individual work, once again uh thirty minutes. Uh I will put my minutes uh I have updated them so uh s they're updated in the shared folder too. Thirty minutes, the Failure. Uh uh the specifi uh specific instructions for the next uh meeting you will all will receive uh at the uh the the email. I don't think I can uh say much about it, so uh uh wait for your email and uh hopefully you get it done uh in the in the thirty minutes, and I w will see you after the lunch break and the thirty minutes. Yeah? Uh well uh thirty minutes. Uh, yeah. Thirty minutes lunch break, yeah. Oh. Forty five? Uh then would it be uh one o'clock. Or we we ask our personal coach. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, uh that was a very uh good session I think, we uh we Uh ye well Yeah, because uh all uh things are uh stored in smart board dot uh X_D_K_ and that's in No. Well I can I can uh You all uh have the the questionnaire again about uh the after work. Deskt Huh. No. Project documents, yeah. Okay, thank you. Uh well, it's it's simply filling oh no, it's uh it's also filling out no, I'd do it after lunch I think. I'm hungry, so do it after lunch. Thank you all. You're welcome. Yeah. Well I bring it to my uh personal room. My executive uh big room with the with the panting.