No. Well I think if we are gonna use a touchscreen uh we're gonna go way above the twelve and a half Euros. But the It wouldn't be very robust. It's very fragile and you can get scratches on it. That's. Okay. Okay I've got a presentation about the working design. Um first about how it works. It's really simple of course. Everybody knows how a remote works. The user presses a button. The remote determines what button it is, uses the infrared to send a signal to the T_V_. The T_V_ switches to the frequency, or what function it is. So we've got um the the plate. It gots conductive disks for every button. When the user presses a button, a signal got sent, goes to the LED and transmits tranmi transmits its to the T_V_. It's a very simple device, technically speaking. So this is a schematic overview. You've got the buttons. The power source. And uh when a button gets pressed, its goes to the chip. The chip uh controls the infrared bulb and perf perhaps a normal bulb. When you press a button you can actually see your pressed button. Well um I think we should use default materials, simple plastics. Keep the inner workings simple, so it's robust. Uh I think we should focus on aesthetics, the design and the user interface, because if you're going to use high-tech materials the price is going to go sky-high. And uh you only have to design a remote once, and if you use high-tech materials it come back in every product. So it's, in my idea, it's uh it's gonna be smart to invest in di in design and not in uh in the product itself. That's it. I think that if we're If we put our marketing right um we can sell this just like um I don't know if you've heard about it in the news, the the elderly mobile phone? Yeah if we if we make a remote control just l with that idea in mind, we could make tons of money, I think. We don't have to focus on on on the on the design then but on functionality. We just change our focus on the project, and I think we can uh we can sell this. No. Uh that's a good idea. Yeah. And besides that it's um If we're gonna focus on elderly people they'll have to adapt. They're not used to using scroll buttons. So perhaps we should s stick to the basic layout. It should be possible yes. If it's not too fancy. And if the remote stays rather small, it should be possible yeah. Yes. So we're just gonna focus on the extras? Yeah. Like with your key-chain, if you whistle it goes uh it makes a sound. Yeah. Y i um I think we'll have to choose between the docking station or the screen, 'cause it's uh Well I don't think they have different television sets uh in uh every country. 'Cause Yeah. Yeah.