. Just kidding. So annoying. I just put it in the in the shared folder so it should be yeah I think so. Yeah, conceptual design. What or whatever does it No no no, can you go back one? Uh 'cause it has to be PowerPoint pre yeah components design, that's it.. I did get a bit more done than the last time, 'cause I knew that I didn't have time so I just copy and paste everything into the Sometimes I have these pop-ups or these sounds and there's nothing there, and also with I don't know how to use PowerPoint, so it takes me forever to get something done with it. Yeah. Thi Mm-hmm. Who wants to start? Sound. Yeah yeah uh uh. Yeah. And shall I go first? So I Yeah? Alright. Uh components. Oh no. Yeah true. Um Alright. So I'm dealing with the components design. Um let's see. I uh used some design examples we had uh from similar products. And I used uh possibilities from our manufacturing department about current components which will have to be implemented in the design. That's why I had to, wanted to go first. Well they gave me um an idea about what people want. We're f mainly focusing on this group, but I want to make the distinction clear. Uh I could not drag the pictures into the the slides so s so I don't have examples of how it looks like. But it comes down to what you uh what you think we should do with the spongey and the fruity looking uh type. If you, the young dynamic people want soft primary colours uh, which looks like fruits you know, you can and shapes that are curved and not uh solid straight lines anymore. So this basically um yeah goes on to what you were mentioning earlier. There is a lot of um factors involved in choosing the components. There's a lot of options that we have to discuss. Uh for example the energy source. we have four types. The basic battery. Uh we have a hand dynamo, which we yeah we Dutch refer to it as the kneipgatt. Uh the kinetic provision of energy which means if you move the thing, if you shake it. Which will be fun for toddlers right, if they wanna use the And uh of course solar cells. But I dunno how we would use that into the design of the actual product. So uh my yeah also also in you know countries where there's n isn't much light like in Scandinavia, they wouldn't be y able to use it half of the year you know. So that's not cool either. So um for the uh a case, there's uh the traditional uncurved flat hard case. Single curved, which means that it has uh curves in one dimension. Or the double curved. Um I wasn't able to finish my uh personal preferences sheet, but well you know that we will have to go for the double curved 'cause it's daring and different from what we have now. Uh the case materials. Well we have all kinds of hard uh materials like the the hard plastic, the wood and the titanium. I would definitely go for rubber 'cause it fits most in what people wanna see nowadays. Um poo, this is a lot of text. I wasn't able to organise this yet. We have yeah several uh interface designs. Uh we can use a scroll buttons for the menus, but we already kind of decided to go for the f for the pushbuttons, for the the arrow buttons. So that's not really interesting. Electronics? Yeah, maybe we wanna decide on what electronics to use the advanced chip I think is easiest to implement uh for the production, 'cause they they can print it better. Um Yeah. I think this is about it. Yeah I was working on some per personal preferences. I first uh chose for the battery, 'cause yeah I'm traditional and that's the most obvious, easiest choice to go to. But I really think that we should maybe uh think about the kinetic energy, where you have to move the thing to be able to use it. Yeah maybe we I can imagine that the kinetic uh type energy source would be more expensive to make. But it is more longlasting, that the people don't have to ever buy batteries again. And it's also more fun yeah. I always chuck my uh remote control around, so Yeah y exactly. You don't have to be scared about bouncing it off the g floor and breaking it or whatever. So that's the end of it. Uh go ahead. No it means curved in two dimensions. So uh w single curved? Uh let's say would be a b square box, but then with curves on one dimension. And double curved would means that it would have curves curves in every direction. Like three D_. Yeah. Design? I And rubber. Rubber material. Yeah we need the the chip on print to be able to support the the screen and uh and f audio function. Yeah. Yeah. Otherwise you would have a simple chip, just for pressing buttons. But we need more. I'm just thinking, this is not my department, but I I'm not sure what this is gonna cost, to be able to m So 'cause we need to sell it for twenty five Euro a piece. That's gonna be difficult huh? Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Child labour man, we love it. Um let me see. Wait a sec. Yeah I'm going there now. Inspiration. Well Um yeah maybe it's Maybe it's easier Yeah. Yeah perfect. Maybe it's easier if you guys come over here. S see this is the the the standard traditional type, where the form uh yeah serves the function, you know. It's like really basic. But this m is more appealing to old people and we don't want that. This is what we're looking for. And th that means curved in both dire dire uh dimensions. Not only like this but it has to be exactly. It has to be kind of instead of the PlayStation, the module. It has to be like the the Game Cube, you know, where your thumbs would be laying in the instrument and it has to be nice to hold. And It ha Yeah but that's that's the the problem uh yeah the dilemma actually, 'cause we wanna appeal to the to the young public with fancy with flashy colours, and with a lot of shape. And Yeah, and the and the rubber, it it will look cheap always, you know, with the There is mobile phones, in which you can change the colour also of the lights. Maybe we should consider this function. To customise it and so I mean kids can make it look more flashy with different kinds of colours and people who want something, you know, different, or more uh design, they can go for one colour like uh for example this uh photo th camera. Personally I think it's really ugly. Just give me the thing that it's inside there maybe I'm too old for this stuff. Yeah. So those I think are all my oh. And this is, this is with the curved that I mean. Yeah. Yeah? A compromise between what? This, this would be uh single curved uh? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I think the I mean our aim is to make something different right? To make something new. I would go for the double curved. And I I'm I'm thinking uh you know uh a drawing palette, where you have the shape for your thumb. So it kind of holds nicely, something like that. Well this is really your decision but Yeah. As well. You can make a trigger button or something like that. Yeah or that that is the confirmation button or something, that you scroll with your thumb, with the arrows, and then confirm. That would be a nice way to use it but I mean, yeah, I'm thinking big already, and we need something that well that that you can able to use in one hand I think. Yeah.. How about Mm-hmm. Yeah I understand what you mean. How about we do a uh a pop-up screen, like the laptop. So that the only the simple functions will be visible at first. And then if you want Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. No uh like I would draw it like this. Let's say this is the side view. That you have a a screen that will come up here, and can go down that way. If you know what I mean. So that it would come up like that. Yeah or preferably even keep the simple buttons here, and then under the screen even you could put more more advanced buttons. F for the L_C_D_ menu right? So w w Oh Activate and th the yeah. True. True. But you can make a, yeah, you can make a trigger here. You know a simple uh with a Yeah. Exactly. Well yeah the the idea of it was, is that because you close it, you cover the L_C_D_ screen and it won't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever. And Exactly. Exactly. We just have to make sure that the closing mechanism won't break. Th it's very solid yeah. That actually will offer some extra protection for the Yeah. Yeah I was thinking, if if you have your hand, it this is your th Okay. If this is your thumb, and this is your hand like that. With your uh wrist. That you, that it would be kind of shape like this, you know. So it's easier to hold in your hand, to y f Uh yeah. Yeah of course. Yeah then w then you would have to to make it like this. Like like you drew here. And maybe th then make this thicker also than the centre. Give it I would give it a female shape but uh yeah. Anyway. Obviously. Make it more appealing to guys. I mean Yeah but we have hardware inside, which is so it has to have some sort of basic shape. And also the screen, you cannot mould it. You know kind of thing. Yeah. And then you can You can place the screen here, which can come. And but then I w I would I would do the arrows here, kind of thing. Those buttons? And the simple buttons here, so that I Uh y eah that's what I mean. The arrows over here, and here the s simple uh or do we wanna make its shape look like a banana or something? I dunno. Yeah. Yeah we could make We should use Yeah w we need very primary colours, like bright red, bright yellow. Yeah. Yeah okay yeah. And how about some uh some flashing standby lights? Like you have on the Samsung, well I don't like to call brands phones, the you know that 'cause I remember from one of our first meetings that uh people lose their uh remote controls often. So it not not only in in the colours of the LEDs, that we want something to keep it visible at all times, or Um Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. As long as you loo use uh high contrast between the the background and the foreground colour. So that people with uh with And also for people who are a bit colourblind. But don't we wanna make the background the the bright colo colours? So th the total of the thing is very bright? Like the pictures I showed you guys. Those things were all like like bright red, bright red, flashy. Yeah something like that, something that stands out more. Yeah. The green? It's actually a pretty trendy colour at the moment. Do you get a pop-up if we Alright. No that's actu Red and green are actually the b the easiest to discriminate. Even for colourblind. They will see one of each as grey. But if you use uh green on blue, those kind of colours will look the same. I think. I think so. You can what we should do I think is is make kind of a see-through plastic button, with uh one coloured LED behind it. So that the whole button will shine as the colour the And if you think about easy to use buttons, we have to, well we have to make it the shape so that it's easy to hold f for both hands, but also that you can reach the buttons with your thumb, if you hold the machine. Ah, right. So we're gonna work here? On this sketchboard? Alright. Thanks. Alright. Thirty minutes. Alright. Yeah. Shall we uh make a new uh Yeah, I just make a new one. Alright. Huh? Yeah I'll just I'll just keep it there. Yeah. Uh sorry. Okay. Current colour? So um Shall we make some outline sketches of the basic shape first? Because I I Yeah 'cause I have to uh focus on the on the basic look-and-feel design. So how it's gonna look. And you have to think uh how we're gonna put the screen in it and those kind of things. So if I'm drawing and you think okay I'm not gonna be able to put a screen in there, you have to correct. Uh do you mind if I draw in black then? For normal sketches. so we kind of want the girlish figure. I'm not so good at drawing. Excuse me? No uh uh. How do we uh uh or insert text? Oh that's a bit big. Yeah. Yeah. Ex exactly. Uh Uh I thought for the side view, that the w the basic section would be rather uh a bit thicker than the middle, where you're holding it with your 'cause your fingers have to fit underneath and Exactly but the uh but the upper side has to be a bit more like that I think. Uh don't you think? So the display we will put in here, the basic uh functions in here, where it's most reachable. The The th Exactly. Oh. This is hard. What do don't have to draw it exactly do we? Wait. Let me try it one more time. Maybe I've uh it's easier if I draw it in once. Okay, of course it will become way more ugly. Yeah. This'll take forever. It's fun to work with this pen. Um so, larger. And yeah. So side. 'Kay. Um other views? Uh Yeah. Let's fill i fill in the buttons later. So this is gonna be from the uh from yeah yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah? The the idea is that it has to flip up to here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. True. you can adjust the angle to which it flips. So it can also from this angle, it can flip all the way up to there. You can flip it up to there if you want. Think so. Yeah because I think it will feel weird if you would make this smaller and this bigger or something that I dunno. I thought it would be cool.. It doesn't aim so well. Yeah yeah yeah. Definitely. Yeah I guess but uh I mean most votes count right? Yeah. Yeah true true. Yeah. Yeah if you if you're going for the kinetics Yeah. I'm just thinking totally different designs also. Remember that the weird pocketphone thingy which looked like kind of a Gameboy. Maybe we should try something like that. But yeah. Oh right. Alright. Yeah. I like it. Okay. This can go. Oh yeah we have to f uh include that in our design as well. Let's see. What the hell's that? Uh Yeah. I think we do. Yeah or j or also scrolling for the m yeah. Yeah? I dunno. We w kind of wanted to stick with the Yeah I'm just thinking, if we i we wanna make something different right? So the with the scroll is is more futuristic than the standard arrow buttons. I think.