Good. So well uh welcome everyone. Um as you may have noticed I uh created separate folders because it was uh tending to get a little busy in our uh shared project documents uh folder. I don't know if everybody uh put their own uh documents in the right folder, which is for now the detailed design meeting. Yeah. Then I'll move this one. Oh no, this is just one big document, so you can leave that wherever it is. And we have a evaluation left here. Okay. Well not main documents this time. Oh uh yes. I have it open myself I guess. Um well the detailed design meeting Huh? We're finally getting somewhere hopefully. Um what are we going to do? I've opened it already. Um I'm still going to take some minutes, and if I'm right, you two are going to give a prototype presentation? Aren't you? Yes, you are. And uh m did you do something with evaluation criteria? Good. And we have a correct agenda. And uh then we have to look at something which is less nice, the finance uh aspect, whether we can afford what we have designed, and if we can we can uh commence the final part which is the production or project evaluation, how did we work together and what are the results, and how happy are we with those. Okay, well finance uh will be later. Now I'd like to give the word to you two. So a separate button for for text, okay. Mm-hmm. Thank you. Looks good. And I just missed when I was typing The R_R_ stands for? Logo, okay. Okay well I would have recognised it if it were the right colours of course. Okay, the evaluation criteria, huh? Well it's looks fancy, especially with the green colour. And the the curves which we decided, huh? Only what happened to the single curve we spoke about last meeting? Well it might work one time, huh. Okay. Okay, but we have to rate uh these things now? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well I think uh especially because of the microphone and the L_C_D_ screen also. Very new thing. Well Fancy the old people will. No, it's a two. Little bit strange we have to judge that ourselves, huh? Well I'd say two on a scale No, okay well, that's true. Okay, one two. That doesn't matter that much, so make it a one. Yeah m Yeah, and you use these buttons the most, huh? So So which So which number are we going to fill in? A two, yeah? Two, three and what do you think? Okay, so we have two, two, three. A two, okay, because we have to It's the box below it, huh? Otherwise we have two results in one question. Okay, next question. Okay, you're very enthusiastic about your own design, huh? As well for the for the older people? And would it be easy for them to use the speech recognition? Because that might Yeah. Okay, well M maybe that's the most user friendly and easy to use. Yeah, well maybe that would make it even more easy to use for them. I'd say three. Okay, so we have three three two two or So what are we going to do? Okay, a three, I see. Uh Another question. No. Yeah. Yeah, but I think you should make it one scale with with one being good and seven being bad, because otherwise we can't uh calculate anything from the results, so Okay, a one, because we designed for that, huh? Yeah. Yeah, and I though w we had about single colours, but you can also make uh a wood colour, not just one single colour but a wood-like thing, can't you? Whether it looks like wood, it isn't w it isn't wood but You can make a print on rubber, can't you? Yeah. So that's a one then, huh? Do you have many questions? Oh, okay well Yeah, but we have We also We have to get to the money. What spongy. Uh-huh, yeah. Yeah, so isn't hard to lose you. Yeah, but a har A hard to lose is good. So it should this question should be hard to lose. It's difficult to lose it. A two. A two. Okay. Yeah, it's okay. That happens above also. But maybe when you scroll away and back it will be normal, but Yep. Oh, it isn't, well okay. Remember. There. Well I think it's it's uh a lower number, so better because w we designed it for young people especially, didn't we? What do you think? Questions? Two. Uh-huh. Dissatisfy younger people. Um Yeah, but those are more fancy functions, not not really many features or something. It has relatively few features, with Yeah. Ours had other features with Okay, you think one, what do you think? You. three, yeah. I'd say three, so two it is then or Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, maybe maybe two. Well m th but the logo is on on the front, so a two, yeah, that's Oh, well that's that's pretty good, huh? That was your evaluation uh show, okay, so we don't have to calculate anything because of um these results. Okay, good. Um let's see oh, it isn't asked to save but it did already And this Everything okay. Well, the next part uh might be a little bit difficult to do in a group, but I am willing to try it. Because we are going to look at the finance and I have a nice Excel sheet to do that. And um I'm not sure if I put it in the project folder. look on that. Um and we're going to calculate the production costs, and if they are uh under or at twelve Euro fifty, we're good, and if they're not we're going to uh re-design, but we have to do that uh very very quick I think, yes. Um I don't know if I put the Excel sheet in the n not in the folder. I think it's I think it's still in my own documents folder. Oh shit. So Okay, well this is it. Um maybe I could ask one of you to uh fill it in, so that I can also uh take minutes, and uh maybe the other can uh use that thing to count uh numerous functions. Well we have to count some things and we have to think about some things. But you have to fill in this column, huh? No, uh count uh number of functions, because for every button you have to pay and there are different screen shots, so or different different screens, so Yeah, but it's it's more about the energy source, huh? Do you use a hand dynamo, a battery, kinetic or solar cells? We'll wait. Yeah. I'll just fill it in. Um rubber indeed? Yeah, I think that will be our best bet. And what did you change? You changed the uh scroll wheel and Oh, but it's just one point, so maybe you should should uh Yeah, you should you should drop the speech recognition. And then you can keep the curve. Or can't you? Or make it on a hand dynamo, but I don't think that will work. Yeah, mm-hmm. Yeah, but uh a wooden remote control only helps for uh old people we discussed, yes? Yeah, but it's only a half. But I think the only option is to drop the uh sample speaker. Yeah, but isn't it per remote that you pay? Half? I think you pay half per remote. So each remote with a special colour. I hope. So the battery, we have um advanced chip on print. Because of thing Yeah, well you can at least make it curved again. Because that was very important, huh? So it's curved, it's still that so we we dropped the speech recognition together with the speaker. We dropped the scroll wheel. And the rest is the same, huh? Am I right? Yes. No, but you c yeah. Okay, but this this new remote we can afford. Hmm? No, I hadn't. I just received it. They don't work so hard at the finance department. Yeah, and that's it. Twelve Euro fifty. Um and did you try to make a new design, or what were you trying to do? It didn't work. Hmm. Strange. Oh, you can arrange Hmm, can't you then just say copy? New page. Paste. Yes. Select none. Okay, and now you can erase. Well it should be possible. Oh no. Well you can draw over it with white uh pen. Oh. Yeah. Sorry. Well but that's also useful for the evaluation, because I think uh we have a prototype now which we can afford and uh we only need to draw a little bit to get a good uh design. Doodle. And I think we should then move on to the production evaluation because of the time. Let's see, we can save this now. And move back to here. Mm-hmm. And then all green. Okay, well thank you. Oh, no. Hey, but you can erase that. Uh-oh. Right. And you can't erase this? Hmm, strange. Okay, well uh just leave it at this and quickly save. Um and then we are going to the project or product evaluation. We just did our project evaluation. Um well, I think I can sit for that since it's almost my final slide. Um what did you think about uh the process? How satisfied are we? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. And you could ask things. And for me it sometimes was a surprise who was going to present what, huh? And uh Yeah. So you would say uh communicate during our individual uh work. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, probably to simulate the whole working uh process, huh, th you can't have a meeting uh for several weeks. No. So you don't think the SMARTboard is is really useful or Yeah, so it's maybe a bit unnatural also. That wasn't me. Uh so um the means, we discussed the smart board, and what about uh this digital pen? Yeah, well I use it as a a normal pen and and and only you use it to uh get it on the computer, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, um and what about the teamwork? Yeah, well I think so too. we Yeah, but that was it was our assignment, huh? Okay, and maybe I should walk out of the room when you discuss uh this point, the leadership. Yeah well, okay. And creativity? Well, when we look at this I'd say we have been creative, huh? But There was room for You did? Well, I didn't have time for that. At some times I Sometimes I received like like five emails at at one moment, and then I even got spam. Or something like that. And I was working and working and work Okay, well um but after all we can say uh we are satisfied, but it it could've been uh better. When we get uh when we have we would have gotten uh more information. Yeah. Yeah, that was a bit mean to put it in the end. And uh what were the other points to to improve this whole process? Yeah, they're pretty heavy. And so more time uh w might have improved the the quality of work, is what you say. Okay. Okay, so more time during the individual work phases. Um okay well uh I just got my warning for the last five minutes, so I'll move on to I guess my last slide, yes, which is the closing. Well uh, we managed, but we did it very quickly. I don't know if that's the best way to when it isn't is it when it is too expensive to quickly re-arrange it and say, okay, this is it, but we had to do it, huh, because we have to have a design, and that is within the budget. And we evaluated. Maybe we should re-evaluate uh the product, but we did that before, and we also evaluated the project. And I think uh everybody's uh very happy. At least I am, with the results, so uh celebration, well, for the three of you, because uh I have to write the final report now. But uh well, thank you very much for your co-operation, and I had a very nice day so far. Okay. Um Yeah I have t I think we also have to go to our own rooms again, but um well I at least. But maybe you can try uh to make a screen shot of this, so I can try to include it in the final report. Yeah, maybe. wants to, but at least this one. I know, we should remove this, but it won't h Okay. And uh please put it in the project folder then, huh. Okay, well I uh I hereby officially close the meeting and uh I hope to see you uh soon. Well, I think we'll be a bit a bit longer, but okay. Well, happy celebration, huh? How big? Uh not too big. Whatever you think is good.