Yo. Ow. Uh Yeah. What the Uh Yeah well, ja well let's just start. I've uh made a presentation uh but uh I'll open it on the Smartboard, so we can all see it. So it's in the project documents because that's what we can find here. Well. Very nice. Well this is called the the the kick-off meeting. So uh I'm the Project Manager, so I had to fill it in, and uh hmm. Oh sorry. And an uh a nice agenda. Uh we'll do the opening and then uh we'll meet each other, what uh we already do, so, that's not uh very much trouble. I'll I'll show you the the tools we have here, so that we can all use them. Then uh we'll look at the project plan from uh Real Reaction. We'll discuss about our first ideas about the project, and then uh we'll close the meeting, and then we can uh individually uh do our things and then uh we'll get back here. So this the opening we'll uh We have to uh design a new television remote control. You have heard that uh already I think, so. Um we want it to be original, so a nice uh a nice new design. Uh trendy, it's also for young people, and we have to just uh make it uh modern. And uh friendly, so size does matter. And uh Well it has to be a have the the right uh the right buttons on the right place, that kin those kind of things. Other uh There happen to be uh three stages. functional, conceptual, and d detailed design. Um so every time we we'll do some individual work, get meeting, talk about it, uh and then go into the next phase. That's just it. Um We have uh these two Smartboards. Um well as I just showed, there's a project management folder, a project document folder on the desktop. It just works exactly the same as a computer. You just uh click on the on the folder and you open the everything you you put in it with your laptop. So you can uh make uh Words Excel, everything. Um and the w the r uh the rest uh also works the same so uh when you open a notepad you uh you just get your uh things, you can uh draw. This is a uh well a drawing board. you have a these different uh functions on the board. You can see them there. So you have a a nice pen, and it's works just like a bal ball pen. This is just a. I want to uh Oh yeah. Of course w doesn't work any more. Yes I will eraser so. It's fantas fantastic. We can uh uh well you can save a file. So if uh we draw we have to save everything. Don't throw anything away. Uh just we can start a new one, and we just go on, and don't throw anything away. Just uh let them all uh stand here. We can delete, but we don't do that. Um you can here select a pen, you can draw anything you want. It's a bit uh childish you have to write. It's not as fast as you w you know it, but it does work sometimes. Well it's just like a normal uh paint. So it's gone. Well we are designers, so we have to have a a more uh a Smartboard. So that's fantastic. Um well this uh speaks for itself. We going to try it. So um we all uh are going to uh draw a nice animal on this board, not my idea. Yes our your favourite. So um I'm to going to have to draw a kangaroo, but I'm going d I'm not going to. I'm just uh going to uh well draw a nice uh beast w I dunno what I'm going to design. Oh um doesn't oh. Yeah, 'kay. Hmm? I just said it's not my idea but I am the Project Manager, and officially this is my idea. So what? Ah the first the first meeting is just a bit uh loose, loosen up, a bit uh meeting each other well uh uh nice yeah. Sh I hope our Industrial Designer does this better because uh this is uh No so a a few legs. Yes yes guess. Well I should make it an hippo now. No I don't think so. Well what is it, huh? Yeah difficult English word. I didn't knew it myself. Our characteristics sum it up. Well it's uh very uh painful those kind of thing. So we can uh just uh We're going back and now uh our Industrial Designer can uh draw its uh most favourite animal. Huh. Oh uh but this uh marketing designer. what kind of animal is that then? Uh it. Yeah. No no no. What are you going to do? No no. No no save it and start a new uh save it and start a new black uh doc a blank document. Yeah well we have to save everything so now um the next one uh and then save it and start an blank document. Yeah. There's also different colours and different uh well pen widths uh the line the the thickness thickness. So um well you should uh try it but uh Well y y y you could have but uh. It speaks for itself. What the uh just a duck. Nice. Is it a duck? Is it a plane? It doesn't draw uh circles uh that easy uh. Yeah just a bit a bit childish, a bit. Well uh save the document and then uh And then a a new blank document for. uh will uh choose a new colour and a new pen width so w we can all see it. No well first yeah. And then you go to format I think, and current colour you choose a new colour. And a new pen width uh also format. It's not like in paint. Line width. And you can choose a nice one. Width width. With each other. Yeah. So. Just a wa that's the way we do it's quite easy. Mm-hmm. Oh Pussy. Well then you change it. And erase things. What? Super pig. So Yeah yeah yeah we know. Yes alright. It's a cat. Well well um Yeah save it and start a new blank document. Yep. So that's uh what we're going to use when we uh need it. Well it's terrific, eh? Yeah that's it. We're one big happy family now. Well then uh the serious uh stuff. We're we want to sell it at twenty five Euros internationally um so um but we dunno what exactly th i it is in dollars, but uh twenty five Euros. Our profit aim is, worldwide, fifty million Euros. So I didn't uh exactly uh calculate how much we have to sell. we want to keep it our costs at twelve and a half Euros so, keep uh that in mind when we uh talk about our uh materials an f and stuff, and uh marketing uh research. Now then we all uh we can uh sit down and discuss uh what do we think about our current remote controls, first about design uh about uh aim in the market etcetera? Well uh we c we can sit down uh because uh presentation can wait. We can uh take notes and uh Well who has uh some uh remarks about the current uh remote controls? Please? No uh I did. Well uh just w we're uh four uh if we if we would just have one then Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yep. That's alright. That would be a nice idea, yes. Yep yep yep. Yes fifty million is our aim to a profit, so. Yes. I'll make uh notes and then uh maybe uh well I'll put it in the project uh folder when I'm done uh just now. Well yeah? No that's right. Y y you don't use uh the half of them that's that's culture uh international. Yes. Yep, and maybe we do uh we even have uh more than just a D_V_D_ player. Don't we have uh other uh ou Uh. We also uh just uh released a T_F_T_ uh thing I saw. Yeah. Yep. Well yeah. It doesn't have to be, but we can. Well except if we deliver it together with our D_V_D_. Yeah because we look at competitors and w if we pick up the good things about that and give it a nice design Yes. Yep. Yeah. Oo N we can use uh it as a as a game pad. So one hand has the beer, so the other hand uh Well i we already uh one of our aims is that it has to be original and trendy so Well there has been done a lot of researches about remotes uh we have to we can imagine uh because it's a long time uh on the market. So the the form will have been uh tested out so Yes. Well for me personally I have a a lot of remotes uh at home but those ones that have a a round ending and uh well uh just an uh square uh middle I don't like to use them. I have uh have to it has to fit my hands. When it falls over it and I just have and then the button that I use most has to be here. It f it fits your hands and then you just push the button that you use most with thumb. Tho tho those new D_V_D_ players on the market do have those. D_V_D_ players. Yes. Well A it h it has it it has a that's tha th th shape that it fits your hand. That's We have five minutes left. So Yes uh that's yep. Yep. Ha. Sound nice. Yes. Well it's just uh about our first ideas now so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera. Yes? Yes. Well thirty minutes we have. So um This is about uh what we are going to uh do uh. You'll get specific instructions when you're back in your room so uh it's uh logical uh. I think. Oh and uh that's uh that's all. So we'll just get a notice that the the meeting is uh over. Yeah yes say. Well I have had remotes that um they had uh the function of the buttons was about uh uh a layer over the buttons and when I've had use it much it was gone. So it has to be made in the buttons I think. It has to uh not be loose. Yeah. Is there an a universal uh universal way of um transmitting from the remote to the television so it's all about uh It's not that in China it's different? Yeah. But y you can have uh of course different between D_V_D_s and televisions and between Yeah. Probably yes. China rules. Well I think uh w we can look into that in the in the next uh thirty minutes. Yeah. Yes. Well j just y you get a n a normal front with it, but you can change them uh when you buy the And we should uh dispatch those kind of fronts fronts a a around the world so uh Well th those fifty million don't uh don't se sells itself so we have to uh make uh some extra effort like fronts uh. Yes. Yeah well it has to it h it has to fit the the te television and D_V_D_ set we are going to sell, so if they are uh black and black black and silver we'll make them black and silver so. Yeah. Well if if you yeah. If you have a a a television room for little children and you make a if if you buy a a pink front they'll they'll love it. I think. But that's uh marketing uh research you can uh you can ask uh. Yes. Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh I don't know what your specific instructions will be, but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the uh remote. And you will look into the technical design and um form, I think. Or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Euro? Well it it it's if you uh Finish meeting now. Oh alright. Well uh we're going to back uh back into our rooms so In thirty minutes, but uh I think it will be you will be warned uh through your laptop uh to get over here. I'll have to restore my uh my desktop uh because uh it's it's the half of the normal size. Oh right, oh. Ma W that was a nice meeting. Yeah, see you.