Hello. Almost. Uh if it if it if it's wireless I could just uh put it in the. Uh okay. Yeah, uh b uh most. Oh, user-friendly. Well you could only lit uh the buttons the buttons that are used most. So, the channel switching. Or Hmm, true. Oh, mine is already outdated. Since uh Okay, make Well Uh then I'm sure the target market is uh ten million units. Of of which we should sell about uh forty percent to make the five million. But um since uh the other part is uh forty percent of the market, I uh thought earlier we might want to constrain that portion of the market. But uh since uh the requirements changed, that's uh not a good idea. Uh well, skip this. Well, it's this till true, of course. That they only use ten percent the buttons. The buttons to zap are used the about uh fifteen hundred times, when uh the power button is only used one time. And the volume button's only four times. So they're obv obviously uh the most important buttons. And uh lots of people complained they kin can't find their remote control. So we might want to build in a feature to uh support them. Some uh audio signal. Like uh home phones. Or Yeah. Well, I just said that. And uh well, this obvious, and he also said it. Uh that's about it, yes. Uh mo uh zap buttons most. Volume, they are uh use a lot. But more than all the other buttons. So Yeah, that's uh a problem. Yeah. Yeah. And you Yeah, and usually And even if the T_V_ set would have such a button, uh you would have to walk to your T_V_, and it's And b So if if you'd be watching a movie, it would constantly beep. Yeah. Yeah. I have the numbers r I have the numbers right here. Well, t uh we won't support teletext which which was the third-most the second-most used function. Uh well yeah, channel selection is obviously the most important. So Yeah. Yeah. So Nope. Uh well if we um include other uh innovative functions uh then they uh might, 'cause young people uh like new features. So And if you use that stick for volume control and channel uh selection, you have the m two most important functions in one uh button. Yeah. A younger uh Huh. And it's also quite easy to use, so it'll it uh attract younger people because well new, and it might attract older people because it's easy to use. Mielsen. Yeah. Well, if you want to go to channel ninety and you have th that button. Well But Yeah, and if if we And if we are targeting at the younger audience, they will probably watch more channels than the older people. So Well And And um there are some numbers about uh speech recognition here that uh younger people would like it. Uh it might be expensive and uh hard to implement, but it would be a solution uh for Yeah. Especially elder people uh don't like voice recognition. So then we should implement such a but Yes. M And uh if we if we could inc uh include a c a cradle in which it could recharge, then there wouldn't be uh a big problem. 'Cause when Yeah. Um I think we dealt with the most important information. Just that the younger part of uh the market isn't the forty percent we uh want to sell to. So we we should uh for least a bit uh look at the uh older people. But with uh buttons like that, which are easy to use, we uh might attract them too. So I don't think that's a big problem Yes. Yeah, profitable. Yes. Hmm. Left. Hmm. Yeah.