Okay. I received an email with uh a few possibilities on uh the materials. So I'll discuss them with you. Yeah. Mm no. Yeah. Hmm. Spongy. So rubber, kind of. Yeah. It's like a sponge. Yeah, somewhat like Yeah, I've some uh material uh information, but I'll give you it later in my presentation. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah, well actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost. But maybe it's cheap and it's easy to implement. Oh I got an email uh And it says uh the chip can be uh simple, regular or advanced. And Um They say uh a display requires an advanced chip. And this is more expensive than all the other chips. So it's m the most expensive. Yeah, it says in the email. The display requires an advanced chip. Yeah, probably too. I I haven't got anything about speech recognition, but Well it d That's that's the most expensive chip, we need. If we're doing uh if we're doing a display. Hmm. Hmm. But it That's on on the display. I think it is on uh on the bottom too. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I've I've got something of that uh too. Scroll. Yeah, or uh maybe uh The channel buttons are often used. And you can't use them now with your thumb, because the thing is not, it's not easy to control. Yeah okay, m maybe we cho should put that on top, and buttons we we don't use on, in the bottom. Because uh you can't hold it. You can't hold it th the control and push the buttons. But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons, like one two three. So maybe we can put that on the bottom. Like zapping is just switching one channel at a time. Yeah okay. That's that's good, but Yeah okay. Yeah. Hmm. No, I think th the the top buttons are okay. They sh Those should be on top. But uh we we can switch those two, yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah, we have to keep it simple. Okay, the component design. I looked at uh some similar devices, and uh my own common knowledge. So uh this was on the web site. If you aim at a young public, you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green, blue, red. So flashy kinda colours. Uh shapes should be curved, so round shapes. Not Nothing square-like. Yeah. Yeah, but mm is uh has round corners I think. So we shouldn't have too square corners and that kind of thing. Yeah. And um sports and gaming device style characteristics. I don't know exactly what that means, but it should be, well yeah, popular kind of looking, I think. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, mm n Not that weird, because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy, to attract a young public. No, okay. That's a that's a sen That's just a matter of tastes, but We have to use uh kind of flashy colours, I think. Yeah. Like fronts in in red and yellow and blue and Okay. Well this is a remote control, a very old one. Um Then the components. The case has just a Here's black. But we are making it uh Yeah, I dunno. Maybe. But anyways uh it should be transparent. We decided that, huh? S Okay. Yeah, we could do that. Yeah, but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent. So you can still th look through it. Um the buttons. Normal rubber I think. Like normal ordinary buttons. Soft. With the hard hard buttons. Okay. Yeah, it's it's all on one level. Yeah, on one level. Yeah, I know what you mean. So we have to keep it on the one level. Like th the top it's Yeah. Yeah, okay. Okay, it's chos So that should be hard plastic. Then the buttons? I think. Or maybe Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And um Then the L_E_D_. The normal infrared L_E_D_ I think s sufficient. And back light L_E_D_s. So But I think we have to make the case transparent, otherwise the back light won't work. So if you put Okay. Yeah, but we can still make it transparent. So Or no Yeah okay. Good. And in green colour, the back lights or Yeah? No, but I think there are multiple colour LEDs. So I I know I dunno. Is Maybe it's it's more impor more expensive. I think it's Yeah, I dunno. Maybe it's too expensive, but it I th I don't think so. Then uh some more technical things. I don't know what it is, but it should be there I think. Um this is the normal circuit board, like a chip board in in a lot of uh things. W So we d we just need this and this transistors and resonators. There's all these kind of things. Um they they basically said that that's almost the same on any uh remote controls. So I guess we j we just need that. I don't know what they do or Nah, but they just said we need it. Uh the battery contacts, like normal batteries ca you can put in. Yeah okay. Yeah but Yeah, but it i We don't wanna have a ar an How do you call it? Accu. Y uh just just batteries, rechargeable batteries. Okay. Not a separate Okay. And uh a chip, that's this one. Then uh I received some possibilities. Um for the energy source we can use batteries or a kinetic uh Like with the pulse watch. So it operates on your wrist kinda. If you hold it. Yeah, I don't think it will work, and Or we can also use solar cells. But you mostly use it indoors, so Yeah, and and we can use the home station kind of thing. Um cases, flat, so uncurved. Uh two D_ curved is um like front to the back. And three D_ curved is also in depth. So that's possible. Uh but with three D_ uh curved uh remote controls, we must use rubber buttons. So we can't use the flat buttons. Yeah, I think. Um these kinda materials can be used. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, scroll wheels um Yeah, that's good. We can use multiple scroll wheels, w if we want to. But I think just the volume is enough. And uh the L_C_D_. So we need uh the expensive, most expensive chip, if we use an L_C_D_. Okay, then we we use m must use the second most expensive chip. So th so the regular chip. Because we use scroll wheels. And um Yeah, that was it I guess. Uh are are we using a a rubber case, or We haven't decided yet. L Yeah, i it it should be soft. You said so? So just hard plastic? Okay. Titanium, uh I think it's too expensive. Yeah, you can make it curved or mm round. But just in two D_, not in depth. Yeah. Yeah th yeah, the chip is the the regular one. You have the simple one, regular and advanced. So it's b should be regular uh the second. I think I'll just check it. Yeah. Mm. Or should we do it in the next meeting? So we should did it here? Or should we do it in the next meeting? Okay. Yeah. What? Oh. Okay. Like a very big scroll-wheel. Okay. Hmm. I think uh you'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it's not wanted. Yeah. I think it's probably better. Yeah, but maybe we can make a a plastic, so that you i if you like drop it, it won't change the volume. Only if you use your finger. I think in middle. Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom, and and the switch channel in the middle. Or you could do the switch channel up button above the the numbers and switch channel down button below. Yeah, okay. Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other, so Because then it's it's easy to know m if I push the the the up Yeah, but the top the top button is is like you switch channel up, and down button is If you put them But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume, and top down is more with uh channel changing. In uh On most on most remote controls. So so if we use that, they will probably have a long learning uh time. I dunno. Okay. Yeah, but i i it should be round in in shape. So No, tha that will be Yeah, so top down. Hmm? Do we have to design that w as well? The docking station? Hmm. Yeah, just a recharger. But we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well. Oh yeah, okay. Of the remote control? Yeah Yeah. Yeah, but we can we can do all kinds of uh As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all kind of round shapes. Not in depth. Yeah, but Yeah, if if we want to make it kind of, yeah, new. Yeah, but we could do a lot of, lot more curving. I would do it Like in this kind of shape or I dunno. I dunno if it's handy. This? The olden the olden ones had looked like just a square thing. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, though that's a trend. If we want to make it. But yeah, I'm not a Trendwatcher, you are. So Spongeball kinda. Okay. Yeah, I d I don't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff. Yeah, but we're we're aiming at a young public. Hmm. Yeah, we could do that. Yeah. S Uh yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I think so. And we we have to build in a microphone and Yeah, and I do I don't know anything about that. I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition, so Fine. Yeah, we probably do. No. Yeah, uh I have I have some some information about the cost. But just a about the chip. I don't know how much, but Just in inexpensive or But i it's a separate chip. Yeah, I don't know anything about this, but Nah. I dunno.