Yep yep yep yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well, shall I go first with the users? I think well okay no problem. Ja precies, ja precies, ja precies E_I_E_. Animation. Infrared light. To this meeting. Smoking. 'Kay. Check. Kijke 'Kay, so. We're going to j discuss the functional requirements of the remote, that m that means that functions user n want to have on the remote control, or just Yeah, and the users, actually. The methods I I prefer is we're going to look which section of the users we are going to focus a l on more. Are the younger people going to buy the remote control or the elderly people? And then tho that section we're going to focus and adjust the remote more to that section than the whole user section. Okay. Some data. Younger people, from sixteen to thir forty five um years are more interested in fj features like L_C_D_ screens, speech recognition e etcetera. And we possess about two third of the market from in that range of age. The elderly people, from forty five years to sixty five years are not that much interested in features, and we possess less than two third, that's two fifth, of the market share in that area. Goed so. 'Kay. Findings. Fifty percent of the users lose their remote often. So we don't have to make it very small, like uh like a mobile phone or something, but some somewhat bi bigger than small, so you don't lose it that much anymore. Seventy five percent of the users also find it ugly, and fif seventy five of the users zap a lot, so the buttons sh should be that small, or shouldn't be that complex because we have to search for the buttons, which one are you going to use. Next. Important issues about the remote. I think it would be better with a personal reference, but okay. Remote control has to have to have a low power usage, because s w seventy five percent of the users only zap one time an hour, so the power usage is also one one time an hour, or so, with a high power usage we would use a lot of but batteries. The volume button and the channel buttons are the two most important buttons on the remote control, so those they those have to h be find very easily. And have to be somewhat like bigger etcetera. It has also be have to find easily when the label is gone. My colleague also announced it that labels should be scratched off or would be s uh senden okay. So uh if that's k uh if that's the problem, you also have to find it easily on the remote. Buttons. Like what all colleagues said, have to have to be minimalized. or should be covered, or in L_C_D_ screen. L_C_D_ screen is easy because we have the L_C_D_ screen, we have the various options. Put one option and then you have the all the buttons of that options, so the other options would be gone. And you don't see the buttons. So L_C_D_ screens should be easy, but an L_C_D_ screen, the problem with the L_ sc L_C_D_ screen is that elderly people fr from forty five to for sixty five years don't use the L_C_D_ screen a lot. So we have to that keep that in mind that if you're going to implement L_C_D_ screen, you don't have to make it that hard to learn or to use. Yeah, touch screen, yeah. The last but not least, younger people are more critical about the features. Because they use the remote control often more often, and are more technical than the ol older people. And the older people spend more money, and easily on a remote control. So we have to keep in mind to to focus not a lot not that much on the younger pep younger people, but also somewhat on the elderly people. And on my personal preferences, I don't have any mo more time to come with that, but like I said, L_C_D_ screen is easily to use because you have you can implement a lot of buttons in one remote with not that much buttons. And it should be easy to use. Especially the volume buttons, the channel buttes buttons and the number buttons to zap through the channels. And that is it. Ja, Be television. Only the television. So yeah, then you can yeah. Requirements, no? Functions. Yeah, the basics then by a volume, channel, one till two zero numbers on it, oh teletext doesn't have to be? Um other functions. Yeah I had Yeah, yeah. I think it's I think it's easy to implement a button with a s s what which especially do that, because some T_V_s, if you press the t one and then the two, it be between five secs it make twelve, and that's that's not relaxed to user. Yeah. So that it easy and fast. Yeah. Our main targets' age are? were? Forty five plus, or? Forties, okay because because younger people as Uh younger people have now, sixteen till to twenty five age, are f eighty one percent interested in L_C_D_ screen. From twenty six to thirty five have sixty six percent, and thirty six to forty five, fifty five percent, so I think to um Because on most recog remote controls um the print plate will be broken how much, two years. You have to press h very hard to go to the next channel. With the L_C_D_ screen it's easier because you only have to wipe the screen to uh for fingerprint, and then you can use it again. Yeah, okay. Yeah but a you don't know True. Yeah, it only says that this perce percentage like L_C_D_ screen. Because, yeah and it says that younger age between sixteen and forty five highly interesting features more critical. And if the only f Yeah, because our target is sixteen to forty five. Yeah you don't know how much it costs. Yeah, you don't know how much it costs, the L_C_D_ screen. No, I don't have any costs here, I only have percentages. Yeah. Yeah, if you want to adjust, like for example, adjust the audio settings, you press audio on the touchscreen and you get the buttons for audio settings, so the other buttons are gone. I think it's the most easier thing, yeah. No. Yeah. Highly. Yeah, but Um, s forty six to forty five, thirty three percent, and sixty fifty six to sixty five twelve percent. But our our our what's it, project requirements are the new products should be reached for new markets, to customers that are younger than forty. No, that not now, but, so Yeah, but market share fro for for forty years and younger is higher than that of sixty five and younger. Yeah, i i if it Yeah, if it costs gets too much, too expensive, then yeah, we should be sticking to rubber buttons. N nothing, no costs at all. Yeah, in I think that should yeah I think we all get the costs of everything. Yeah, okay, I'll I'll post it. Yeah. Okay, L_C_D_, yeah. Then you have the seventy five percent of users find it r ugly. Yeah, and eighty percent of the users would spend more money with a when a remote would look fancy. Tha i l i it'll look fancy with L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah, just a the plain remotes, not not specific L_C_D_ remotes. So Mm-hmm. Yeah, of course. And then you have the other thing, that seventy five percent zap a lot, but that's not a f question with the L_C_D_ screen. Only thing you have to do is wipe the screen off once each time, to get all the fingerprints off it. Um Mm-hmm. The most important things on a f on an on an uh remote control are channel selection, volume con selection, and power s power usage. And a teletext, but that is not of the question. Other things are Sorry? Yeah, it could be. Yeah. Yeah, teletext. And other other less important things are screen settings, audio settings, and channel settings, but Less important. Yeah, should be there, but not press Yeah, sub-menu, yeah. Yeah, in a breath it's Charted. Yeah, but we don't we don't have any costs now, so Yeah. Yeah e e power supply is one of the most important things. Yeah, I think it's it's not that easy because I don't think people will like it who who uh that you have to turn it on first and then use it, so I think it's better when th the T_V_ shuts down, the remote shuts down. Yeah. Yeah. After two minutes, yeah two three minutes, yeah. Yeah. And then b that uh before an hour when its get again gets empty. Then you have plenty of time to recharge it, of put it in a recharger. Charger. Yeah, if it's. Uh. Yeah, because when you're watching T_V_, you're zapping and you have to put it in a recharger, and I don't think it Yeah, okay, but then we have to be sure that the the the the batteries go hours, six hours, five, six hours, then. Yeah, then you have a problem. Or we have to be sure that the batteries last couple of days when they're recharged. So. Yeah because you have b but you have L_C_D_ screen. High power usage. Yes. True. Yeah. Yeah. True. Yeah, you made a point there. Yeah, otherwise all your yeah. Just a small device. Plug it in, that's it. Yeah, like a like telephone charger or something. Yeah. Yeah. It has to be easy to use also, or things. Uh market share, speaker re speech recognition. I think. Also. Well I think that this should be standard. Large button large buttons. Yeah? Okay.. Yeah, it says also Yeah. Twelve. That's an also ninety one percent sixteen to twenty five, twenty six to thirty five years, seventy six percent, and thirty six to forty five, thirty five percent. But then I I I Yeah. Yeah. Ninety. Twenty five. channel. Yeah. Yeah, twelve. Yeah. Is this only would you would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control. It's the only thing it says. I think an L_C_D_ screen should be suf sufficient. Yeah, it says a lot, but No I think I think it's better to have L_ L_C_D_ screen, because in the area of tw thirty six to forty five, we have about thirty percent of the market share in in our hands, and fifty five of those people want L_C_D_ screen and thirty five want speech recognition. So I think it's better to keep it with L_C_D_ screen. Yeah, if the costs al allow it. Nee. If it should be done, if it could be done, I won't matter. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. True. Yeah. True. But that should also be with f should be also with L_C_D_ screen. Because then I think in Chinese is different written, volume is different written than um Swahili or something. Ja, well possible. Yeah, yeah yeah yeah. 'Kay, what else? Yeah, we have to keep Yeah. I think it's difficult. Every language of dialects I think it's very differen difficult. Yeah. I think it can't be implemented, but maybe Yeah, 's an option, yes. Fifty Euro cents. Yeah. Mm, yes. No, but Curved? Um. I think we should we could that we could also implement a audio settings, screen settings and channel settings, but as sub-menus. D Mainly if you turn the uh remote control on, you have to u you have to see from one till zero, channel and volume. And if you want to use teletext screen or audio, then you can press it. It should be available but not not Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but s Yeah. They'd have to be easy to use. The sign of it. Uh, no. What else can you do with a television? Uh play, pause, doesn't n need to be there. Yes, so this is your presentation. We could check the other remote controls with technical functions. Which ones were yours? Techni Ja ja ja ja ja. Technical functions. Yeah okay. Uh I think I go to have volume, mute but I Yeah. Very slow. Yeah, the zoom buttons. Yeah, b wide screen, high screen, different things you have, yeah different uh Yeah. Yeah it should be available, but then in separate screen settings or something. Yeah, screen settings, audio settings, teletext settings you have. Channel settings. So those four, and of course the main. Yeah. Yeah. Like tap screens or something or, I dunno. Something Yeah, if uh No, you don't yu a no you then you don't no ni don't then you don't use it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So you leave it alone. Yeah. Or it could be possible to have a a standard version of the remote, an expanded version. Yeah. Colours. Yeah. Yeah, then defines itself. Because uh how many percent? Eighty percent? Would spend more money if it looks fancy. Yeah. Rasta colours. Yeah, see through version. Yeah. If you press a button, it turns green. Channel settings? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Could be possible. Or like uh you have a menu button, you press Yeah, or otherwise you have a menu button, press menu then you have uh main uh menu search uh all the all the settings. Yeah, no problem. Yep. Um, I think b because we don't have a lot of buttons on the one screen, I think the buttons Yeah, but but or like you have you only have channel button or volume button. Those buttons you can you can Yeah. Yeah, th No, no normal buttons, yeah. Maybe only the on and o on and off button. But I don't think Mm, no. No no no, because we we discussed that you could charge it, otherwise is it it jumps to stand-by mode automatically. Yeah, but a T_V_ of course, th that's the I think that's a best thing is that to implement that one in the menu with the volume and channel. No. Yeah, you tap. Touch screen, yeah then it's turn turn off, turn on. No, just the remote. A television don't have to be on, that one you can press on, yeah stand-by, then press on remote, press on and then T_V_ should be available. Or not. Separate. Yeah, but I think the re the remote control, if you press tap the screen, it always should jump to the screen which has the volume button, channel button, and of course of also the on and off button. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if we can afford it. Yeah. Mm-hmm.