Good morning. Okay, uh I'm uh I'm the Industrial Designer and I uh hope to uh look forward to uh a very uh pleasing uh end of this uh project. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. Seal, a seal. A be Mm. With a tail and a mouth. Snail. Okay. Sure. The hell. Make that cute. Tall. B Bunny rabbit. Okay. Okay, um. Uh I uh draw I I've drawn a dolphin because of its intelligence. One of the most intelligent uh animals in our world. Yeah intelligent. I've I've uh Eraser. Pen. Well not perfect, but okay. A lot of buttons. And you always lose them. A lot of buttons which you don't use or who you don't use Complex. Not user friendly. Mm. Black colours. They use batteries and batteries uh and poor signal. Uh. Yeah, different remote controls, yeah. Uh for the use of different uh devices. Yeah but you could uh I thin uh there's a possibility to g uh to uh to put those buttons uh behind some uh kind of uh protection so that if y y you only get to see them when you need 'em. That's possible, so that you only get the No n n no, just Uh for example you got th uh the same size uh remote control you use everyday, but um the usual buttons such as uh um zapping uh as you call it in Dutch. Uh and the volume control uh are only the only possible buttons uh to use directly. Or uh the numbers, of course. But uh not uh the buttons used to search on the the channels on your television. You only use those uh the first time, or. So. Uh. Yeah, I think so, yeah. Yeah, uh teletext. think so. Okay. Right. Uh. Yeah I I understand. No. Yeah. When I think of it uh I think the main idea uh of this remote remote control is uh to make it user friendly. So uh I think uh when p uh when uh the customers will buy this remote control, they already have uh the remote control which uh companies uh uh with uh the the standards uh remote control with which comes uh with the television. So uh it only has to have uh the most used buttons. You don't have to integrate the buttons to search the channels on your television. In those in that Yeah but I but it is impossible to uh to accommodate uh accommodate uh all the buttons on the s on the difference different televisions sets on one remote control. It's impossible. Because uh for example Sony television uh has the opportunity to s to make uh uh to make it possible for to see on one side of the screen uh teletext, and on the other side uh just n uh regular television. Uh Yeah, but uh they don't use the same signal, uh on remote control. Because you can't use a Panasonic uh remote control on a on a Philips television. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, but uh I think that most people uh th uh will buy the remote control because because uh the first they lost the one they lost first one or the first one is broken, so uh uh perhaps they have a got a an older television, so that option is not uh optional for those uh people. Yeah, yeah. So we should take that in consideration. Oh mm, no. Things'll come up. Stop the meeting now. Okay. Mm. No? No, the Industrial Designer will take a look at the working design, and the in uh usability interaction Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. No. Okay. Oh. No problem. Okay. Alrighty. Okay.