Paul Wiezer. Paul Wiezer. A_ E_ Z_ zee zee E_ R_. Uh. Yeah, same here. Uh let's see. Which one was mine? Good. Uh left. So Okay. Yeah, okay. Which one first? Okay. Functional requirements, yeah. No, I didn don't thing we got it. Yes. Uh. Maybe just a button on the home station. So remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station. Yeah. Yeah, but good usability, so you can use it. Unique. Yeah, I reckon Uh I think mm Uh Yeah. But uh we also have to stand out, 'cause there are already, like you said, so many controls out that support lot of stuff. But we have to make sure that we're better usability, and stand out by just looks of it. So make it just a different colour or different shape, so Okay. Yeah well Uh. There it is. Okay. Technical functions design. Okay, well, so we have s mm uh broad audience. Isn't that isn't true anymore. But um we have elderly people, so we need to keep it simple. Uh the way I want to keep it simple is to use the sen uh standard. So standardised uh methods like uh on all uh remote controls. Not too full, like uh Jens already said, only ten percent is being used. Yeah, I have it on the next page. But yes uh basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff. Um so the options that we put on there should be easy to use, and 'cause you have more room then, and for elderly people big buttons. Uh an icon on it or text on it, so it's very clear what that buttons does. So it doesn't take much time to figure out uh how to use it. Um a way to find out uh what people use is maybe just to use uh questionnaires on the internet or just ask some random people, elderly people what they use, what they want on a remote control to find out. But there is already in a one done. Of functions I could think of. Uh volume, channels, the the basic according to. Just one two three etcetera. Uh text service options. Um basic on-off. And I found an uh Could I think of favourites? I always look up the same um pages on text and always have to click the number. But if you could make a new option, that you just have to press one button and you get on your No y Well it's It was just a thought. So I'm, I u I would find it handy, I think, when you just press one button and you get on six six six. Well uh what I was reading on the page. Uh a remote control just sends commands, basics commands to uh the television. So switch to channel six. So uh button six says says six. And if you make favourites, it can say six six six in a row. Just numbers. That can be in the in the Well if you said a favourite Well i Never? Oh. Oh are you? Okay now, m maybe not. No, maybe elderly people uh. Right. They don't like new features. So maybe not. Um well play, pause. I dunno if that's usable when Not anymore for T_V_. Right, on off. I dunno, miss Did I miss any other buttons, basic buttons? I couldn't think of any other, 'specially not for T_V_. Is Just the channel um uh What I mean is uh Six seven eight or five. Um I dunno. I don't have Uh I did Yeah, I don't think you use that. Y only when you want to go to Yeah, just use uh when you wanna switch between channels all the time. Yeah, I think um f Especially for older peo elderly people use standard buttons. So you have that uh Yeah, the ten plus button. Just uh one one pressing, or quickly after each other. To just keep it simple and standard uh features. Uh yeah mayb But I think that's in the T_V_ as well. That's how the uh the T_V_ T_V_ handles it. But you can have a button that says um two two st two stripes. So you have uh like a five seconds period to press those two buttons. So if you have a universal T_V_ controller, you needed one button that has two uh stripes. So we have a a period of, I dunno, five seconds to press those buttons, and that And not for elderly people to look, one two uh press and aim and So I I don't think so. Uh I just thought of another one. Most things in modern T_V_s are also on the menu. So you also need a menu button. And then uh navigation uh But we can integrate that with volume and previous and next, so you have four arrows. Yeah, okay, but um Yeah, a mute button. Yes. Don't think so. Yeah well, that's that's I think that's the layers that produce. Now I have to figure out what's uh what to put on. What we're gonna use. And later we can d uh do the design. Okay, uh now my personal preferences. Uh using the standards, basic Um I think that we should stand out uh unique, being unique with the design. So we have to, I dunno, uh make a different shape than usual. So when you are in the shop and you see our T_V_ controller hanging, that it stands out. Not just in in the row when you see all the same uh remote controls. Um I dunno. Different colours um Yeah. Well why not? Or Yeah. Well, maybe you can look at uh mobile phones. Oh. Who? They they're uh designed very well. And well basically are the same, just a bit smaller. You think you can't make a T_V_ controller too small, 'cause then you will always lo always lose it. But uh well, I think that's a good example. Okay, sorry. Well uh Yeah, I I'm finished. I think we discussed everything. Uh j Is Ain't it just to to indicate that it's transmitting? So Yeah. Maybe uh Maybe depends on uh Yes. But maybe Well we don't have to make it red. Maybe integrate it in the design as well. Uh Oh, maybe it's it is would an e No. Just uh Oh. Yeah, but it doesn't have to be red. It's just to indicate something's on. Yeah. It's it's not very important, so yeah. So mm So we have to uh make buttons for that as well, to make it uh Okay. Well, I I use a universal uh remote control, and list of all the T_V_s you have, etcetera. And you have to put in a number, so it works on your T_V_. Okay, so we use that. Yep. No, y Yeah. No I don't think so, but Yeah, i it it will look different, and I think we need to find something else. Yeah. 'Cause otherwise we will just make another standard, and our uh motto also is Yeah, w around the buttons, or in the buttons even. Yeah, then then won't Then you won't see it. Yeah, we're thinking about it. Uh on a mobile phone, in the dark uh everything lights up. Why ain't that on a remote control? Yeah, if uh a mobile phone a phone can do it, it's Yeah, i if you're in the dark, you can't see the remote. No, I dunno. But if we use a battery station, which I think we will use Yep. And also it's Okay, it shouldn't take much Uh I th I think uh you also have uh remote controls with a lot of options. But we lose about ninety percent of those options. So I think you can uh Yeah. I think we will save money with that. Yeah. Okay, that's It changes things. Um Well yeah, then we have to make some nice features. I think uh the thing in the dark is a good way, to make it more like a mobile phone. More modern. That's important I think and And I d I don't don't think it's very usable in a remote control, especially when you only have T_V_ functions on it. So Yeah, I tho I think that's not usable. So, but uh Yeah. What other features can we put in? It's very fashion. Mm. Mm. Yeah, I think it's What But uh I dunno how that works then. Uh does your uh Does it lie in the centre of the room and can you scream from wherever uh one to have in channel one? Yeah, I dunno. So, is it very usable? That's what I'm looking at. Is Mm Yeah well It's I d Yeah. I don't think it's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition. Yeah. Well yeah, that's the right command. And then you have to say uh T_V_ channel one, or something. Not just one, but Well I dunno. But I don't think, it just ain't useful enough. Yeah, I think so. Yep. Also the one in the dark. So uh It lights up when it's dark? I didn't Okay. Yeah, but um Yes, that's what I mean. Or maybe when you yeah. It lights up all. Okay yeah. D Yeah, alright. Yeah. Maybe just as an option, w like we discussed, like iPod. Different colours, uh maybe use even different fonts. Like uh phones. Yeah. Uh as an option maybe. It's the standard Yeah, uh Yeah, we but we don't We don't really have any complicated buttons. Yeah okay, but Yeah, well w I think the buttons are very easy. With just uh standard buttons we just have so little No, I don't need don't need Uh teletext options are only four buttons or something. I use teletext as well. Yeah yeah, one level. And I think, uh 'cause um we don't have that many buttons, I think the design is most important. You can d uh integrate the buttons in the design very much. 'Cause simple buttons. If you put one above it, it's clear. How long is lunch break? Okay. Bye.