Okay. Everybody ready? Welcome at the functional design meeting, again presented by Maarten. Uh this is the agenda, the opening. Uh, we've got three presentations. And I'm gonna show you some of the new projects requirements that were sent to me. And we're gonna make a decision on the remote control functions. We have uh forty minutes. Oh, well this is the the closing already. So uh well we start off with the th the first presentation then. Uh, I think um in uh we have to do it in uh in right order. Maybe the Well, it Oh that. It won't doesn't Maybe we should start with the the technical functions. Yeah? Well it's you dumped the file in the uh in the sh in the project document folder. You've already done that? Well let's close this one. We'll just uh open a new one. Uh, well. Yes. Uh-oh. New thing. Oh yeah, uh I have to say something. Uh, due to some uh technical problems I haven't uh digitized the last uh the meeting minutes. But I'll uh make sure that uh happens next time. And I'll get this one uh in digital uh form too. Okay. Okay. Okay. But it's the technical side of the remote control. Oh. Okay. Well, we'll we'll have to skip that part then. But you don't think it's a problem um to design uh the technical part of the remote control? It's gonna be easy? Okay. Yeah. M Okay. R regardless of what type of functions we want to implement. Doesn't really matter. Okay. Yeah, okay. Okay. Well, we'll see. We'll see later on. No. Well, uh will there be some uh user requirements later on? The ones I I've uh received from the account manager. Yeah. Well, we'll keep this in mind, and then discuss it later on. Uh-huh. Okay, but this real this uh big d uh distinction between this type of remote. we should we should choose one uh we should not compromise but uh really choose for uh expert viewer or novice v Yeah? Well, what that's what you want trying to say. Okay. Okay. Yeah, well some of these Uh, yeah. Well, some of that will Yeah, but i but it will be more clear when we come to the uh u uh some of the new requirements. So Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, then the Marketing expert can uh tell us something about the current market. Okay. Visually presents. Okay. Well, then we I'm gonna show you some of the new project requirements and then we gonna discuss on uh what features we find important. Uh, well some of the uh new requirements make some of your findings quite uh irrelevant, I think. Because um uh s decided to put They have decide to put two additional requirements forward. Well, now I see four. That's kinda strange. Well, they say tele teletext becomes outdated since the popularity of the internet. Well, I think that may be so, but well, we can't just leave the teletext button off. It's impossible, I think. So the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button, you know, like on and off, and don't make a lot of special put a lot of special features on it to make it transparent or You know, it's just you want you want to be able to make use of teletext, but not to play with it that much. So we have to think of that. The remote control should only be used for television. Otherwise, the project becomes more complex, which endangers the time t t ma uh the time to market. So maybe we should leave all D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ related features off completely. I don't know. I think that uh that's what they're trying to say. Uh, our current customers are within the age group of forty plus. New products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty. So you uh talked about the elderly who were willing to spend more on a remote control and who were interested. But, well, they're not relevant because we are aiming at a younger Yeah, but it is it's is a dif it's a fact that the th th that bigger market you're talking about, we already cover that. Our company already sells remote control to the older people, but we we also want, you know, a new customer group. That's the one we haven't covered yet. So I think that's what the problem is. We haven't got remote controls for uh Well I think, yeah. Yeah, I think so. Maybe if it's no no, but I think we have to just keep in mind what the older age group wants. So maybe we can make a remote control that's primarily interesting for the younger group, but isn't that bad for an older person either. Uh, our corporate image sh should stay recognisable in our products. Our product's corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design. Okay, something else nice to know. Sorry? Yeah, you will have to look that up. I think it's something about the Oh, okay. I thought it w might be, let's make things better or something, but Okay well, let's go back to the the agenda. So we've now had to the three presentations. We know about the new project requirements. That means we can uh well d yeah, discuss on the remote control functions. Well, if I can uh make a start, I think it's becoming more clear what kind of remote control it's gonna be, and I already talked about the maybe you have a f familiar with the rem remote control that has the the can opener underneath it. I think we're we're looking for some Yeah, we we're looking for a really simple remote control with only basic T_V_ functions. Y well, that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. M yeah, that's why um well a lot of um the use the requirements the the account manager sent me, I think they are are c are contradicting each other, because they want a simpler design, and no uh other uh s functions than just T_V_, but they s do aim at a younger Well, ma But I think uh you we can make some discuss uh distinctions in uh what kin in the, know, th th in functions you have Y Well you have different kind of uh equipment in your room, like a t T_V_ and a D_V_D_ player. You can uh, know, you you can make very d you can put very detailed functions regarding the T_V_ set on your remote control uh with the with uh the, you know, audio settings and uh v uh screen settings. We don't want that. I think that was that became clear. We don't want. But w maybe we should put some func uh, I know that the younger people will most likely have a D_V_D_ player they want to, you know, they want to uh control, remotely. No, yeah, th th the user requirements of the the The new project requirements told us not to But maybe w Yeah. I think we maybe should Yeah, well we should uh put some functions for other maybe for other equipment on it. But just the basic functions. Maybe like rewind and wind, or n what d what do you guys think? Yeah, if as far as possible. But what do you think? Do th should we implement features that uh uh or functions that to control other devices? No, you don't think so? Yeah, the new requirements say so. Well, maybe it's maybe there there there is something th m most of the time these functions don't support the particular device as well as their their own remote control. You know, a lot of D_V_D_ players have some tricky settings with Yep, exactly. That's that's wha No no, you don't No no, you don't need it. No, no. Okay, but we have to think uh w we have to think D_V_D_ I th uh, I guess, so um but uh from my experience it's kinda a lot of D_V_D_ players, you know, like forwarding, goes differently. Uh, you get two speed or eight speed or sixteen speed. It's c sometimes a bit difficult. Maybe if we just leave the D_V_D_ functional m uh Well, I was thinking about putting it in, but concerning the project requirements and what you just said, I think we m should focus on the T_V_ then. And uh and it's just an uh a complimentary remote and not a universal one. If you want to keep it simple, you can make a universal remote. Okay. It's just a s it it should be something that is like a gadget on your coffee table, and it's just for when you you you jump on the couch, you pick up the the the nice remote, the simple one, just to put on the television, nothing more. Okay. Um, but what televis Yeah, we we'll make w this one trendy. And simple. Well, we we will come to that, but ju first on the on the functions. So we should put uh zap buttons on it. Um, also numbers, to uh to go to the specific channels. Uh, Okay, a t a teletext button should be there. But just one big teletext button, on and off. Probably. Oh, okay. Yeah, but uh I think that becomes too difficult, it's not a very common function and people will have to read up on their remote then. Yeah, yeah, but maybe you s yeah yeah, maybe y you do, but I've never heard of it in the first place. And we have to well t yeah, and t and teletext is becoming outdated. We just want to see what programmes are on and what time it is probably. Yeah. I don't know. I think that that's kin getting too complex for our remote. I don't know what you th guys think. Yeah, but do you like to have a such a s stop button? Or do you think it uh I think it's a kind of uh uh very rare and special function. Yeah. Okay, it goes Yeah, but that's kind of stuff we should do on the internet right now. That's why it was uh said in the in the use in the r new requirements. Well yeah uh, lots of new televisions can store pages, you know, and then you can just skip manually through them using I think we should just put one teletext button on it. Then we meet uh the new requirements. we also meet the other thin y you sh you just re we have to choose for the the simple design, I guess. Okay. Um, well, what functions do we have to decide on? Or do we uh I dunno if we have t stif specifically name all the functions we n we want. We have the zap and uh the volume. Should we do m make them very big? The the the zap button. D d Th that's that's that's considered to be trendy also. Or maybe you should place them on a uh, in a special way? Yeah, something or uh somethin special way to to zap through the it has to s it has to be yeah, and quick. You have to use it very quickly. Yeah, and it the buttons should make it um possible to to zap through your channels in a rapid at a rapid pace. Oh, what should we decide on then? I think in a in a case of this simple remote control, the technical aspects which uh weren't worked out already, but it w shouldn't be a problem then. Yep. No, okay, but we don't have to uh, when we don't want to uh control other devices, I think it makes it even more simple. I think I think that we should use uh d yeah, not not uh the b the watch kind th the most uh Well, it has to be simple, and I wi Which are most likely to be found somewhere in the house, you know. Oh. How much time do we ha we have left uh? M m m more than thirty minutes? Uh ten twenty minutes. Well, uh these these shouldn't Yeah. Yeah, okay. But that's that's Do you uh have you have you think about tha thought about that? How we can what the extra touch can be. Do you suggest design or the shape or some gadget f f kind of feature or Well, it was something about how we lose them. Maybe it should be a remote control when you you clap you hands it makes some noise or some gadget kind of thing. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Nah, um a lot of people like to have such kind kind of kind of gay kind of things. It w it w should be like a birthday present or something that you give someone, and it is i has something nice. Or maybe it w should have a big uh light that can flash or something on it, or maybe it should or an or the like the the can opener. Maybe it contains some feature that you don't normally link to a remote control. I think it's very impor because we're gonna make such a basic remote control, we have to do something to make it special. It's gonna cost twenty five Euros. Yeah, but the well, it's already been done. Nah. Yeah, that's true. But and I think it's gonna be uh very uh it has to be sturdy or something, so maybe with with bouncing pads so that you can just throw it on the floor or something. it has to be used something special, and you really it has to, you know y not s people, when they buy it, they have to think, well this one lasts for a long time. We're really gonna use them. Not some thing you you throw away next week, you know. So maybe uh that's i I think that's when uh when we decide on these type of functions, know, basic functions, uh it's very important to find something like this. So there's a very important task for you. And maybe we can all think about it. Uh, also for you maybe, when t you it's very nice when you can be entra when you can be trendy, and and uh and al as in a friend use friendly as well, you know. So big buttons, flashy design, and maybe some kind of gadget kind of thing. Uh-huh. Yeah, or just different colours would be uh I don't know if people also wanna spend more money on fronts for their uh remote control. It could be be Yeah, you never know, but But it and I think we have to make it quite big. Yeah, people So, and and also because uh it is expensive. If you want it to be something, you know, it's ha doesn't have much functions want to be you don't want to get it l make it Mm-hmm. And shou and should ni look nice when you put it on a table. I I think you m might wanna put it uh yeah, that it it it it stands up. Yeah, you have to put it on its So it's like a vase or uh something you put on a table. no no, put stuff inside it. But, it's like like a statue or something Yeah yeah, but yeah, but you also can put it somewhere near the window in That it's it's fashionable. I I don't Oh, yeah. Yeah, but but when you when it gets lost, how can you press the button to make it Oh, okay. Uh, that's kind of nice. And then also you don't even need batteries, because you can make it uh chargeable. Yeah, that w yeah, but yeah, the pro No, well I think that it might be t p Well, nee but we don't Yeah. Maybe you, but we don't know much about production cost, but when you you can imagine that when you spend twenty five Euros on a remote control and it's a basic remote control, then the then the money there must be money to spend on that kind of st you know, rechargeable units. Yeah, but we would d ma we'd do it in Taiwan and So, it's not gonna be that expen Uh I I think it's a great idea. S some kind of be I've never seen that before, and you make it uh um be uh, you see it with uh the mo the mouses nowadays. Well, I well it's really ch you can recharge it, so you ha never have the battery problem. That's one. And uh you can always find your remote control up Uh, okay. Well, maybe yeah, you could when that's when it's too costly, you could probably skip the recharger, but you will you do need uh also an uh, also you would need a battery in the the base unit as well, you know. Does it makes it kinda Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, but then it's very easy to make it also a rechargeab I don't think that is gonna cost much to make it also a recharge function in it. Yeah. I think it's a good idea. And make it, you know, we we um Well, we uh it's it isn't a t a most uh costly uh remote control. We can save on the on the functions. We just put some simple button in, make it big and sturdy, nothing more, and just make s sure there's some noise that it can make, or probably some kind of cheap light thing around it or that it uh that it lights up, it's also nice. And if you put it away, I think it's uh w we have to we uh that's uh it's not a easy market. We have to something special. And for twenty five Euros people want something remote c special from your mote control, and we can't deliver that in r with uh regards to the functions, because we aren't gonna put Yeah. And then uh when make it, you know, nice looking shape and this and then you also you got the stand-up thing. Yeah. I think I think it's a good idea. Yeah. Oh, if it let's well, we will see what's possible concerning the the costs, and if it's possible we'll do that. And we even try to save up on other stuff to make sure we can do such a thing. And the first thing we the most likeable thing to to n to skip is then probably the recharge function or something. If that's too expensive, we won't do that. But it would be nice. It's the idea. I know that batteries last long nowadays. And and what people just think about, well, I'll never have to buy any r batteries again, so y b because it's very annoying when your battery is empty. And you know then when you haven't batteries around, and probably for two weeks, your remo I've experienced that that Yeah, okay. So, easy functions. Well, we will we will I think we'll work that out, zapping, numbers on it, bi Yeah. But it's also annoying. 'cause as long as it stays as it ke keeps working, you're not very motivated to do something about it. Then it beeps all the time and. You don't want to have ever have those problems, and you won't have if if you have the rechargeable. And you don't have to use the unit, you can also put it on the side if people don't like it. Uh, i i in the in the ma Yeah, but it w I mean, if if they pay for it because they think, oh, that's a great idea, I'm gonna use it. And when it, you know, when time goes by and they think, well, I'll never put him in the recharger, I think last long enough, then they put it on side and they can use it now and then. Then when they look get m I I I know for sure that everybody who buys this remote control, within a couple of months of they will be in the situation that they they're seeking for the remote control, they wanna see something quick and uh just push the button and th uh, I think it's brilliant. Yeah, I've never it's so simple, but I've never seen it. M maybe we should really do this. Okay now, well, how much time have we got left? These clocks aren't uh synched. Oh, now I've put uh well, it is twenty p Okay, so we have ten minutes or something? Yeah, but we're uh we're done. I think. We've decided on the functions. Well, there is some oh. There is a closing sheet. We have lunch break, and then we have thirty minutes of individual work. Oh okay, I'll make sure I'll I had some problems with uh the digitising the the first minutes, the the s the next minutes won't be a problem, but I'll try to make sure the first one will be in the folder too, but maybe it won't work, but you'll see. I think these are more important than the first ones, so. Oh, five minutes. Yeah, because uh I I d I did uh the first minutes I did were were were a bit scratchy, you know. Then I did a s second one with a nicer layout, which I could uh, know, use for the other ones well, but uh I d think uh I forgot to do put done under the first one, and when you go write a second uh it's get it's not working when you try to write second uh paper or something. And then you you had to overwrite it or someth I don't know. Becau I d uh, it was not my uh pen. this kind of looks you like. Of the shape. Yeah, probably, it would be nice. No, bigger. Well, I I I have to say, I have this uh can opening remote control in my head most of all, or I think some maybe we should no, that will be too costly. We shou we could also, that was a would also be an idea, but I don't think it I don't know if it exists already, you should like make Alessi or something design it. That would also be nice. But that's gonna then you c then you don't Yeah, but then you don't have t yeah it that's not something i that's in the production cost a one it's a one time, you know s was it's a single cost. Yeah, m but but then you can nah, I don't thin I think that it would be more expensive, because I've bought the Alessi stuff more often and even small pencil holders or something are more expensive. Would be a nice idea though. I don't know. I think it uh has to be a r it has to have round forms or something. Like something like that or so or so And on th and then uh s a base unit underneath it. It's also round. Put it in there uh wire on it. Maybe uh, I don't know, some some lights, a big but well. Volume and programme, yeah. And some of the extra funct Some of the extra functions over here. Numbers. And and lights? How we're g well, maybe uh s a ring of no, no, you have to Maybe on the side of it. Along the side uh strip of yeah. Yeah, but I also meant the the blinking li w you know, the ones that also blink when you try to uh uh locate your remote. Well, theys have to be Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. When you you see it from the side, then it would look just like that. And then you have a strip of uh lights or something. Well, uh I think it's nice, for one thing. maybe put something on top of it or, you know, like that's looks funny. I don't know. Or some bump. Maybe some Yeah? We'll have to think about it. I think we're we're done. We can save this one. Mm mm. Yeah, that was what uh Mm, we'll hear about it.