Yes. Okay, when we talk about uh components design, um it's really about the material and the and uh uh really the stuff we build uh the remote controls of. Um, a remote control consist of uh components and the components of a remote control consist of uh properties and material. We have to choose th uh these uh wisely and it could affect uh uh a kind of grow of in uh in buying uh the remote controls. Um, the components of a remote control are of course uh the case. Uh the properties of the case, um it has to be solid uh in hard material like uh hard plastic uh with soft rubber for uh falling and and uh uh yeah, it feels uh good in your hand. Mm the buttons has to be uh solid too, and the material is soft rubber. Uh I've got a uh email from the possibilities of Real Reaction. Um uh they're telling me that um when we build uh a remote control of um of plastic or rubber, the uh buttons have to be uh rubber too. Mm It's okay. Yeah. I when we use a rubbled a doubled curved case, we must use a rubber push-buttons to uh the the rubber double-curved case is a is a t uh three-dimensional uh curve in the in the design, which is uh necessary when we want to be trendy. Uh Um the energy source, uh I've got a lot of possibilities for that too. Um, uh the basic battery, which I thi prefer because of its uh its non uh non-depending of of of uh um Uh here you have to have a hand uh yeah, kinetic uh energy. Also in uh this one, like in the watches, but a remote control can lie on a table for a day, and then you push uh a button and so you don't have to uh walk with it all the all the time. Mm, solar cells are also uh a bit weird for uh remote controls. Um uh also the case material, uh I think that plastic is the is the best with rubber, because uh wood or titanium would also be a bit weird. Uh, they don't tell anything about the cost of uh titanium. Um the chip uh the chip set uh and the board is uh all off the shelf. Also, the speaker in the remote control, when we want to retrieve it. Um, the base station is also off the shelf, all the materials and the components are uh just available in uh in our uh factory. Mm, I've told about uh the three first points. Mm, the simple electronical chip uh is is available uh with the LED transmitter uh transmitter. Uh, it's all uh off the shelf and even the speaker and the wireless retriever are all uh available in our company. Um, another possibility. I uh yeah, I looked up on was uh the L_C_D_ displays. Could be uh something special to our uh remote control, and it's possible, but it only cost a bit more, but maybe it can be uh within the limits of twenty five Euros. Ah yeah. I th I got an email with uh some examples and it these were were the most trendiest one. You see uh a covers, which can be Um, I don't know. Um Yes. Yes, maybe we can uh bri uh bring a couple of uh couple of types of uh maybe a kind of uh whole uh um a whole set of uh different uh remote controls. Maybe we can bring a whole line uh with uh with a huge variety of uh uh house uh stuff. Like uh maybe radios and uh television also uh in this in this in the same style, but Yes, because we have to uh we have to we have to bring the logo and all the stuff uh back into it. Thank you. Uh-huh. Maybe we can bring t uh uh teletext to the t to the remote control. But you're the expert. You did the research. It's from your research. Grapes. For a big team of artists. But uh but I think we don't have to make we can't make all uh ten designs. We have to make one design I th I I think. But pictures of fruit, vegetables vegetables Yes, you can put a logo on top of it. Yes, it's really fruity. With a strawberry on top. Only if we Maybe maybe we can make a T_V_ guide on it, for the channel you're on. No, no, only the T_V_ channel with the with uh with uh four programmes. You can uh zap through them with the page up page down button. Yes, it can On your No, on your mobile phone you can y you can read text also. So why not on your remote? Uh, programme uh information or or or or g or a guide on t on teletext, yes. Also on the internet. But Yes, but you also want to know what's next. Yes, that's uh really possible. No. No uh um Y yes, you can use uh buttons uh uh w that are already uh on the remote control for double functions. Uh, then you push a button. The title and the information about the programme. But but uh yeah, what he said was right, about the televisions, they have to be uh customised to the But maybe in future it will be a giant hit, and when you are the first you have the biggest uh Yes, you can put uh a little L_C_D_ display on it with uh with lots of information. But uh I haven't thought about it. But whe but when you put a a a transparent uh plastic uh uh screen on top of it, it i it isn't vulnerable. You can throw with it and When when you put uh maybe a colour L_C_D_ t uh screen on it, it's very special and very trendy to have uh a remote control from But uh I've got a the email with uh with the possibilities. And L_C_D_ was a possibility for the remote control. So why don't we use it. No, but it doesn't sa say anything about a colour or But, mm, I alf I also got a possibility to put uh a scroll button on it. But I didn't think that Yes, but o on the No, when y But it look Yes, but that remote controls are already on the market. The simple Yes, but but when you want to have something special Yes, but you had a picture of it from another company. Yes, it was already made. Tha the remote control on the docking station. Yes, he have a picture of it. Okay. Mayb I will rule the world with it. Yes, maybe a bit of a cushion is Yes. Like a b yes. Maybe it but then we have to look that it uh w uh will not um be too childish to see. Yes, real real good colours. Hmm. But that's not really fruity. Uh fronts of the We can have uh different uh uh fronts of the telephone. Are these designs? Yes. It this a real uh young young and dynamic uh uh styles. Yes. Yes, But also w Yes, b bu but when we use s soft mm Mm. But it it then it uh you can't throw it it. It will uh make a huge noise or break other stuff when you throw with uh titanium with your remote control. No uh, titanium is a bit uh it's a bit harder. But also on the colours, the young Yes, but a titanium remote control, when you're uh watching T_V_ uh or your hands are a little bit sweaty, and the Yes. Sports and gaming. Define. Yes, it's w but it is uh plastic. Yes, w we can do that on the on the We can make this as a style too. Uh, this is uh just a No, we c we can make it from the same kind of plastic. Uh I don't have the information. Uh, I I didn't got it Yes. Like the M_P_ three player. Uh, in a lot of other uh in a lot of other product uh categories like uh even in b in bags industry. Uh, they began with uh t typical uh leather bags, but then they became stylish, with all all si all sort of colours, and w kind of fon of uh of fronts, like we can use on the telephone and it Like Eastpack uh began a revolution with it with all this uh kind of bags and and colours and and Yes, and and styles. They have uh also uh a kind of uh um uh roses on it, a and uh Then we can always uh use the same design for a greater resemblance, but with new uh with new colours, new yes. There there are three uh components three components type. You have the buttons, the the case uh itself, and the rubber and th Yes. Yeah, or or when you use the buttons as black, it you can use two colours as well uh But then you have to put uh up and down and uh left and right Okay. Uh What are we going to do now? I will make one in the next uh twenty minutes. Back to the pen.