Yes. Yeah. Okay. No. Yes. Think I'll go first. 'Kay. My name is Freek Van Ponnen. I'm the Market Expert. But you already knew that. Um I've done some research. We have we uh have been doing research in a usability lab where we observed um users operating remote controls. Uh we let them fill out a questionnaire. We had one hundred of these uh test subjects. Uh in addition we did some market research. Uh see what the market consists of. What ages are involved. Well these are three quite astonishing results, I thought. Um remotes are being considered ugly. F uh seventy five percent of the um people questioned uh indicated that they thought their remote were was ugly. Um and an additional eighty percent indicated that they would spend more money on a fancy-looking remote control. So Um in addition remotes were not very functional. Fifty percent of the people indicated they only loo used about ten percent of the buttons on a remote control. And fifty percent of the people indicated that their remote tended to get lost in their room. So some things. Then we did some research to the most relevant functions. Channel selection and volume selection um both got a ten on a scale of one to ten for relevancy. The power button got a nine. And teletext got a six and a half. So these are the most most uh important functions on a remote control. Then there are some one-time use function. That's what I like to call them. That uh audio settings, video settings, and channel settings buttons. Which are not really used very frequently, but are still considered to be of some importance. Um channel selection was also indicated to be used very frequently. One hundred and sixty eight times per hour. Then these are the This is the market. Um sixty percent of the market consists of users between the ages sixteen and forty f six. Um Main characteristic of this group is that they're very critical on the remote control. Um they like to use new f new functions. But they also are very critical. They won't spend their money very easily. So Um the users of forty six to sixty five years cons The make up forty percent of the market. They are not really very interested in features. But they do tend to spend their money a lot easier. Um What I think this indicates for our um design. I think we should make a remote for the future. And this means we would um have to focus on the age ages sixteen to forty five. Uh this also makes up most the biggest part of the market, so that will also be where our main profit would be gettable. Um this would mean we would have to make a fancy design. Um The results also indicated that um about one quarter of the people questioned thought that the remote control caused R_S_ R_S_I_. Um this is certainly something to take into account. And thirty four percent thought that it was hard to learn a n how to operate a new control, remote control. So these are two factors that I think should be included in the design. Besides of course that the remote must look very nice. And the functionality As a lot of people indicated, they only use about ten percent of the buttons, I think we should make very few buttons. Uh this will also be uh beneficial to the design of the remote. Uh I think the most frequently used buttons should be emphasised. Especially the channel selection and audio uh selection buttons. 'Cause they're used most and so they should be robust. They shouldn't break down easily. Um Then as mo as a lot of people indicated that their um remote got lost in the room, it might be and I say might be because it would um certainly boost the uh production costs a lot. But it might be a good idea to make a docking station. And this would, could get a button in it which would send a signal to the remote which would then beep. So you'd know where it is in the room. And in addition to this it could um recharge the batteries in the remote if you put it in. Then um a surprisingly great deal of people w indicated that um an L_C_D_ screen in the remote control would be preferred. This was um mostly people in the age of sixteen to twenty five. But up till forty five it remains feasible. This would also greatly increase the production costs but I think these are just some small factors we could consider. That would be all. Any questions? 'Kay. Yeah you should go to the top thingy. Slide show. Oh yeah. Hmm. Well it would certainly make a fancy design. So That is true. We would have to look into that. Yeah. So is there any discussion possible about the new product requirement? Yeah 'cause you're you're saying that teletext is gonna be an old feature and it's not gonna be used anymore anyway pretty soon. And new T_V_s will have internet access on them. But I think if you're targeting people of forty plus, the chance that they will have a T_V_ with internet access within the next like twenty years is very slim. In addition people indicated that teletext simply was an important feature for the remote control. So I think it's pretty dumb to put no teletext feature on it. I'm pretty much against it. Yes. Besides that, I think the market for forty plus is like pretty small. But I mean if I s if I see this, it's I think we're just gonna go for another pretty and not innovative remote control. Yes but it's not the biggest part of the market. And besides that, they're not very critical so I mean they don't really care what the remote control is like. They'll just pretty much take the first thing they see and which looks acceptable. No. I think that would be the case in the sixteen to forty five age category. because they are critical and they they want to have a fancy remote control. People of forty plus, I mean they want it to work, but as soo as soon as it works it's okay with them. So I haven't heard of it. Hmm. Yes. Yes. But obviously the board tends to disagree. Yeah, also. I think it'd definitely be a bad idea not to include teletext. Yes. Mm-hmm. But I don't think that's really an issue any more 'cause Well might be. But I mean it, if it's only for T_V_ you're not gonna need a lot of buttons anyway. You need a one to zero button, next channel, previous channel, volume up, volume down, and some teletext buttons but I think if you if you only l Nah. Think if you're gonna include teletext you do. I think many people like to use that. 'Cause if you should, if you want to switch from channel one to like thirty five, you don't wanna push the next channel button thirty five times. That's true but um I don't think there are many T_V_s that can switch channels that fast. And so you would need like the T_V_ would need an a function where you can actually view all channels and scroll through it. And I dunno if many channels would do have that. If many T_V_s have that. Mm-hmm. But I don't think I think if you're gonna make a remote control only to operate a T_V_, you there's not much you can gain on um having as few buttons as possible. 'Cause I think there are pretty many remote controls that can only operate a T_V_, which already only have the minimum number of buttons. I don't think there's much to be gained in that area. Yeah. That is true but I think there's simply not much to gain on the competition when you when you're making a remote control only for to operate only the T_V_. 'Cause if you have a a remote control only to operate a T_V_ there's simply not a lot of buttons required. There's not a lot of functions required so most existing remote controls simply don't have a lot of buttons either. So I think it would be very hard to actually gain on the competition here. That would that would cost a a big marketing expedition which was one of the arguments to make it only for the T_V_ because we didn't have the time to market a lot. Maybe. Well yeah I think, mean we obviously need a good way to position all the buttons and But I don't think we should spend very much time in that. Yeah I think maybe we should do some research into what elderly people like to have in a like to have extra in a new remote control. Yes well fifty percent of the people indicated that remote control tended to get lost. Yeah that was what I suggested. You have it on Yeah you have it's on some phones too, which have a docking station. And you just press a button and the phone goes ringing. So you know where it is. I think since a lot of people indicated that a new remote control is hard to learn, and we're focusing on elderly people here which tend to have a hard time understanding new devices, it might be a good idea to have just a little screen on it, which would explain a button if you press it. Which would tell you what it does. And it wouldn't have to be touchscreen or a very expensive screen, but Just a small screen with two Yeah. But I dunno if that would that would fit into the costs. No. I think probably elderly people would be a little bit more careful with their remote controls than youngsters. Yeah. I think I think that would be a If we should do something like that it would be a, I think it would be really good for uh for the image of the company. And I think, I think there would be a good market for it. If we're able to really bring an innovative product. Yeah the really But I'd have to look into that a little more. 'Kay. And with uh the little screen in it, which explains the buttons. You could I think we n it would be a lot easier to adapt it to different cultures. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. That's good.