Ah, pinball. Huh. Uh, maybe I'll have something in my uh presentation. And you will see it. I'm next, okay. Yes. No. Here we go. Uh, at first we will uh I will f uh say something about what younger people want, our uh group w uh w uh we want to uh sell our remote controls to. And then, I'll discuss what my opinion is about the costs, about uh what battery is in it, what kind of buttons also. First uh, the younger people, they want like soft mat uh materials and primary colours. Like, totally yellow, totally red. Uh, so it's visible. Uh, the shapes are curved and round, like uh you also said. Maybe it's nice to uh get a remote control not like all the other ones, straight and uh flat and long. But to give him the shape of your hand, so you it's easier to use or something like that. But that's just an idea. And then, I'll have to discuss about the costs uh of all the things for the remote control. The battery, there are few options. Uh, I think the best option is to use uh the basic battery. So, everybody can buy it uh at the at the supermarket. Or use uh a k uh kinetic battery like uh within a watch. When you uh shake it a few times, it it's loaded. Uh, the the form of the remote control, I think it's also nice have it curved. And maybe like it's hand-shaped. Uh, so uh you take it here in your hand and here are the buttons. Uh material, you use plastic. Hard plastic uh because uh it won't have to burst uh like in the in one time. And also rubber because the younger people like that, what we see in the research. Uh the push-buttons. We have one new thing uh discovered. It's a scroll push uh thing like a mouse. Maybe it's uh easy to use uh for the channels. When you want to go m move up, you just scroll up and click on the button, if you wanna see the next, uh if you wanna see that channel. And also for the mouse, uh for the volume, it's also uh easy to use. Just scroll a bit up, scroll a bit down. And that's also easy just w when you have a thing like this, and you get it here. You can do it with your thumb. And with your l left hand you can uh push the buttons uh if you push uh channel one, you can see channel one. The electrics um with a scroll push uh button, we must use regular uh chips. There are also uh simple chips. They are uh cheaper. Um, but then we have just a basic uh uh remote control, and I think there are a lot of those uh things, and people won't buy it any more. They have seen enough of it. And you have also advanced um chips. But that's with the L_C_D_ uh screen. And the costs will increase a lot more. And I think our budget is too low to use and an L_C_D_, and the chip who is more expensive. And maybe it's also then uh thoughtful if we u uh use uh as um different kind of uh shapes for the for remote control, that we then use the primary colours. Like, you get a yellow uh remote control, red one, blue one, et cetera. You have any more questions about this? I think the main thing is we look at the costs. And not too basic, not a basic remote control, who everybody already has. Not with an L_C_D_. No. Yeah. But then, what I say, the costs will uh get a lot higher. Th then you'll see it on the television. Yeah but l when you see a menu uh on the television, it's like you see uh one to twenty, you go uh uh s scroll up, and push number tw twenty. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think the younger people will have newer televisions, which can provide our uh remote control. Yes. But that won't be a problem. I think. No, but then we'll get to the regular uh remote controls. And I think, what I said, everybody has them uh has them already. And they go to a uh supermarket and buy them uh for two Euros. Uh, and ge and get the most cheapest uh thing. And I think we must look further to uh to devel d develop something news. I got it on my screen and it was uh higher. But I don't know uh how much higher. That's true. But then we'll I think we must discuss who uh what will be better. If we have a better shape of the um remote control, or better options on it. With a scroll menu, a w scroll thing, and a L_C_D_. And then a flat um remote control. Or, a more hand-shaped remote control, with scroll, without L_C_D_. I can uh look on my uh Uh Note that the push-button requires a simple chip chip. A scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip, which is a higher price range. The display requires a advanced chip, which is which in turn is more expensive than the regular chip. Doesn't say. That's from my manufacturing division. Yes? Changing covers. Nope. Uh, uh-uh. How w how we how we make it? Uh Shouldn't we first discuss about like what w we all Yeah, but if I paint with More like something M like Yeah I can't dr I can't draw it. Uh I have to. I'm not a designer. It's more three D_. Like, um when you have a part here. This is the remote control. And then you have something like th this under it. So, it's easier to get it like this. It's like a gun. And it has to be soft, yeah. So, you can squeeze in it and Sorry? Buttons on top of it. And here. The scrolling. You can do it with your thumb. But now we use one scroll button and the other one is here. One till uh uh zero till nine. And the b Yeah? Or two buttons. If uh 'Kay c If we do If we use one, then we'll have just a switch on it, and you'll just switch it, and now it's the sound to switch back with the menu uh button. And then you also can scroll uh scroll in it. Just not like all the other ones, with uh this thing, and uh here an arrow, here an arrow, here an arrow, here an arrow. Because uh, from h hundred uh remote controls, ninety nine have it. Uh, then we have it on the T_V_, the menu. I don't know. It's like some sort of uh teletext option, but we don't have teletext. And if we put an L_C_D_ thing on it, then the costs will uh be much higher. 'Kay. But you all like this kind of thing. Uh With the scroll button. And and this one has to be soft. And this has to be harder, because when it falls, it mu mu must not burst. Or some kind of rubber around it. Yeah. Yeah. Ah that's nice. Here. Trigger. Paint it? With the scroll thing on, like this? So? Draw it. But is it easy to use? When you have it on your left side, and Separate, more separate, h yeah. Yeah. On the left a scroll button, and on the right a scroll button. But would it be easy to use then? If it's like you have a big uh I also think this concept is not what the young people were looking for. They were like round curves, uh different uh Okay, okay, okay. Mm-hmm. Personally, I think two scroll buttons uh aren't easy to handle. With the switch button. No like uh Oh, you mean like that. Uh, then you can also have like uh th um Yeah, and joystick, I think. Yeah like in a laptop, s uh s some sort of thing. A little bit bigger, with easier thi I don't know. Or no scroll uh things. Just a shape. And No, no. It won't work. Yeah. Uh-huh. Or a remote control more like joystick. A small one like this, like a Nintendo uh k Playstation thing. No, no, no. I mean the the shape of the remote control. Just like a Playstation thing. Yeah. No, that's okay, I got Uh they're not uh in details. It's more expensive or less expensive, huh? Then I have to come with it. I got my personal costs. I I don't I don't know the costs. Then I'll uh make something up. Yeah, or the or the kinetic uh with normal battery. Yeah, I think it's uh, yeah, more expensive. Yeah. Okay. Depends on the scroll. If we use a scroll, then we have the uh regular chip. If we don't use a scroll, then we can use the simple chip. And that's Uh the most expensive. Yeah. If we Yeah. If we No okay scroll-wheel. So, I have this. So, it will be uh the advanced chip, or the uh regu uh or the regular chip. Or shall we just put it on the pistol thing? And then just put also on L_C_D_ on it? Just use your thumb. If you Yeah. I use my thumb. Yeah. If you have a joystick on No, if you have like uh an uh uh a ni a uh Playstation uh game controller. And you move up, f forward, down, left. Then you have uh just, yeah, a little bit curved. It's not just uh straight. That's how we use it. That's why they make joysticks like that, I think. Yeah? 'Kay. Here's our designer. Yeah. Yeah, why not. It's for the younger people. It's something new. Now we put uh rubber around it. Hard plastic, uh the shape, and around it hard uh around it rubber. And the uh the hand shape is also rubber. Huh. This is something new. Costs are okay. Oh, that's us together. Yes. 'Kay. Bye bye.