. It's I don't know. I didn't see it yet I think. Hey what's wrong with my computer?. Huh? What the Not really. Sorry. Okay. Where do I find this? I'm not so g display huh? Appearance? No what was it about? Yeah my computer is not functioning properly. Yeah yeah. No but my screen is reduced in size. Yeah. Feedback. Okay. This is dreadful. No not this, but the task. Yeah. No that's okay. No I just flapped it, closed it, took it here and then this happened. Ah. Uh where was it? In settings? Okay. Alright. Thank you. Do you guys like your tasks? I spent a lot of time thinking about what I was gonna do and then a couple of minutes before this I get my function you know the information that I need. So frustrating. So Yeah Yeah exactly. This presentation is mainly based on my own ideas 'cause I hadn't time to intergrate tha the information yet so Really annoying. Yeah. Ts So they do need to be in the Alright. By the way my T_V_ doesn't have an equ equaliser but okay. No. Alright. By the way where did you guys get that newsflash from? I didn't get anything. Alright. Do we have uh yeah. Alright. It's th that's the self-destruct button. Alright. Mm-hmm. And we do have to integrate the screen and the the speech alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Ah look. We have your uh oh never mind.. Okay. Well my presentation is a bit uh sucky. Yeah a little bit. Uh no. No no. Yeah I think that would be it then. I have no idea. That w. Let me check. I know. Yeah. Alright how do I uh skip pages? The keys yeah? Alright. Um yeah well I was working on this before I got my information. So I was just working off the top of my head and using my colin common knowledge about uh remote controls. And well the info on the website which came too late. Um so I didn't really know what kind of functions we had to put into it yet. So uh uh this is basically an overview of what we discussed in our last uh meeting. Those were my uh starting points. Uh I was working on a s yeah on a schedule, and I was supposed to do it like this. But um yeah then uh the information came and it was kind of exact with all the steps in the remote control that I had to follow, so I was trying to organise them for myself. And then make the the design, a the actual design, but I never came around to do that. So I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to say about it. I mean everything speaks for itself I guess. Mean you press a button um the it tru goes, it sends a signal to a chip, which uh translates it into infrared signal of certin spatial frequencies. And uh or temporal fr frequencies actually. And then uh through a uh transformer, it the signal gets boosted and then sent to the to the receiver on the T_V_ and the T_V_ will translate it into a function. Um Yeah well this was actually all I got around to do. I mean I dunno if I'm too slow for this stuff, but uh Yeah. Whatever. Yeah so what we might wanna do is uh yeah cust I have customised the screen functions, if you know what I mean. The uh younger users are more acquainted with these kind of machines so they can use more advanced functions. But maybe elderly people don't understand it so well, so they need a simpler remote. And yeah that you can choose what the design displays, or wha whatever. Yeah. Experienced yeah. The remote? Right top. Yeah definitely.. And might be easier huh? Yeah I Yeah exactly. I thought but this is really your department, that we need just the functional display and four cursors. And Yeah okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Why did we wanna put the display in the bottom? Okay. Because yeah if you use the functions your hand will block the display. Normal for logical t Yeah. On once it's on it's on. You don't need the power button. Yeah. Maybe on the top or even on the side. True. But if you uh if you hold the ma the remote like this, if you put it on the top on the side I dunno. Should be able to work. Never mind. Can we leave this up to you? Yeah so we we needed to integrate the sound and uh and image options right? Like uh bass uh so we need kind of an equaliser. If you Yeah treble, middl middle, bass or something. Ah as.. Yes please. the mono stereo option? And there there was something else also. And then pitch. The fr yeah the frequency of the tones, yeah. Yeah isn't that that depends on the on the signal of the of what program you're watching. And yeah in the functionality of the no no of the remote uh do do we want uh the buttons to make sound when you press them? As a confirmation or whatever you know? I dunno. Under the a yeah advanced option menu you can put those things. Yeah. But so we have we have T_V_ options, which is all this. The sound, sound and image. And you have in that uh the indeed the remote control options. So we need two menus kind of thing. Uh-huh. Alright. Help. working design. Doch. He only has to figure out how it has to look. And how to use Yeah okay. But You did your homework. But um yeah. Okay. No no. It should be able to do any remote. No. Thank god. Uh all the functional uh aspects of the remote I think are in my department. I have to know what it has to do, so if you wanna you know the changing the channels kind of s thing is, I have to integrate that in the design. Yeah. I think that's a that's a good separation. Mm. Yeah we have to kind of work together. If if I make the the the yeah the menu like, I have to state which function has to be in the menu, and then you have to decide, it's, in a in a way that b is user-friendly. Yeah. I think yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. You wanna separate uh. I think you should. It's easier. If you put too many functions in one button it gets confusing. No. Hey is it interesting for users if we put LED lights under the buttons? So that if you uh press on the menu function that only the buttons that are used for the menu are ligh li light up. N Yeah and then it's also easier to integrate several functions in one button. I think not. Yeah keep it optional 'cause maybe you can you know go left to right and up and down in a in one menu. The pr the problem with the okay button in the middle is, sorry sorry, uh is uh if you're pressing up and down, you can easily press the okay once you, when you're not already at your choice. You wanna close down huh? That's okay. Already. Alright. How m how long is the lunchbreak? Okay. Mm. This is Yeah. Sorry for my uh not finished presentation uh. Bring it on. Alright. I'll try to. So first we have a lunchbreak now? Alright. Mm-hmm. I dunno where she.