Hey guys. Too wicked. Okay. 'Kay, welcome. I have some uh new findings on uh Marketing Expert level, which I will show you. The method I used was um giving orders to our usability lab uh to do a questionnaire. Um one hundred respondents were involved and my marketing uh department generated a report with a lot of results. Um, these were a couple of findings, first page of three. Um, we have three audiences of two audiences, I'm sorry. Uh the first one, this scale, from sixteen to forty five age. Uh the second one is from sixty four uh forty six to sixty five. Um, as you can see here, the market share for the first audience is about sixty percent um sixty five. Uh second audience audience is uh thirty five percent. Mm and some interests from the from the age groups, uh it seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy uh new technology stuff, like uh an L_C_D_ screen on the remote control, um speech recognition. I don't think that's uh really appropriate. Um, and when you see uh the audience, the age is going up uh Yeah, they don't really want it anymore, at least the new technologies. Second findings out of the questionnaire um are the opinion the opinions uh of the audience about current remote controls. First point is, seventy five percent of the users find the most repo remote controls very ugly, uh and eighty percent of the users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. So that's maybe something for the User Interface uh Designer. Okay, third findings. According to the frequency of use versus importance investigation, um following buttons are most important. Um, I will tell something about the way this uh this test was, yeah, done. Um, persons were asked uh what the buttons were uh they use most, how much an hour, and uh in the second table the importance of those buttons. Um, when you multiply them, you get the these three points. Switching channels, um yeah, that's pretty uh pretty normal, that's what you do with a remote control. Um the second, teletext, uh and the third, uh volume controls. Um, I think it's good uh that we know what the user want wants, uh at least the these three points have to be uh very clear. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay, but uh at the moment uh teletext is Yeah, th the best thing you can get uh on T_V_, like getting information. So uh, when you ask people, what do they use, they use teletext and not the internet on a remote control. That's ridiculous. That's a ne i it It's a new technology, but it's not incorporated right now. Okay, my personal preferences. Um, I think we should aim at the uh audience from sixteen to forty five. Mm, first of all um it's the biggest share, the biggest audience, sixty five percent. Uh second, I think you will get the most revenue from i from it. Um, yeah, people from sixteen to forty five watch a lot of T_V_, more than uh people who are el uh elder. Um second point, we have to impro improve the most used functions, as I said here, switching channels, teletext and volume controls. Third point um that came out of the uh of the questionnaire, uh people used to uh get lost off the remote controller, so maybe it's an idea for us uh to design ex kind of placeholder uh on side of the, yeah, of the T_V_ where you can put the the remote control in. Um, that's about it, I think. Yeah. Uh not not the r not the functions, but uh it came out that a lot of buttons weren't even used uh on a remote control. So you can have a remote control full of buttons, a hundreds hundreds of buttons, but if you don't use them, yeah it's Yeah, they have to be on it j just to t to get it done if necessary, but um the most used buttons uh have to be bigger or Yeah, perhaps. Just for the minor functions perhaps. Just to get less buttons on the remote control, to make it easier and quicker to learn. Yeah? 'Kay, that's it. What do you think about uh incorporating Bluetooth or a radio uh receiver uh in the place-holder next to the T_V_, connected to the T_V_? So it's in the wrong product. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, maybe another problem uh, I think current T_V_s can even send infrared. Huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm it's maybe an option uh if you use an L_C_D_ or a touch screen um, that in the middle are the the main keys, like displayed on the Uh yeah.. Yeah, this? No? Yeah. Something like that. Okay, just uh in the middle the general functions, like play, uh channel switching, and then uh at the top or at the bottom, some menus like uh settings or that you can drop down. Mm. Nah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I think so too, but and that's partly because um uh a lot of T_V_s have different menus, and when you have a particular menu uh at your device, uh it could be that don't correspond to the menu what's actually on T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I think the idea uh about uh touch screen um is very good. Um, because recently uh I saw news item on T_V_ um about uh new telephones uh for elder people. Um, they have like a touch screen with uh really big pictures on it like uh uh call uh hang-up, um and that's a big ad advantage I think, because one the one hand uh you make the remote control compatible for elder users just by uh scaling up the pictures or something. It's uh very visual intended. What was I to say more? Yeah. Yeah okay, but but if you pick the the idea, the left idea then what's gonna be displayed on the touch screen? Yeah, but l like menu functions or Ah okay. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, of course. Yeah, I had another uh idea about maybe parental control. Um, like building in uh some kind of PIN code uh which allows uh parents to switch to all channels, uh but children uh if children don't don't know the PIN code, they can't switch to uh violent uh channels or Th there's just Ju just a simple log-in, something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, th that kind of stuff, but maybe um if you log in first as a parent um, you address the the channels and like uh oh, that's channel fifteen, that's uh vi violent channel, uh m my ki my kids uh I don't want my kids to watch that, then you set the priority to only parents, for example. But Yeah okay, but but yeah, that's just that's an a an added feature. Yeah, th th those things are nice. Partial. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but but if you display it on L_C_D_ screen with r r really big numbers that's just as e just as easy. Yeah. Yeah, it's different. Yeah, age b below forty. And th those young people, yeah. Y you saw it in my marketing report, they like the new fancy stuff, so A touch screen, like Microsoft al already developed something like that for uh uh multi-media applications. I th I think we can do that too. Done. Yeah, yeah, some of them. The menus uh are not identical for all th for all T_V_s, so you have to display it on one uh T_V_. Yeah, but that's not possible. Mm-hmm, mm yeah. Add th that that's an opportunity. Yeah. But No. No no no. He he he he me he means just just one other thing. Uh, with the current remote controls, the universal ones, um you have to press yeah, you have to press a code for T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. Now we uh just connect uh the T_V_ type uh to a set of options, in just just in the memory, so that if you yeah, like profile, so that if you uh touch in like uh one four one zero kind of T_V_ uh the memory uh pops up the options. I th don't think that's uh that takes a lot of storage space or some just varia variables. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But, on the other hand on the other hand, uh if you have a remote and buy a new T_V_ that isn't incorporated in the remote New remote? A firmware upgrade or something, but from where? Ah. Maybe w No m may no, maybe we can incorporate some kind of uh U_S_B_ or a firewire connection, so that you can uh connect it to the P_C_ and download the newest firmware from uh from the internet. Yeah, like a s kind of service centre. Yeah. Yeah. I I think it's uh most cheap or cheapest to just do the updates uh at the service centre or at the shop. It's it's it's not a lot of work, just one uh docking station where you put it in, press start, bling bling, updated. Yeah. You don't buy a T_V_ every week, new teev so. Let's vote. My vote too. And your vote? Yeah. And also like a clapping uh li like device that uh pops open. Uh too difficult, um maybe uh it's easier to break it. Yeah, th th th that i uh Yeah. Like my telephone, it's uh it's sensitive too. Ah. Thirty minutes? How minutes? One question, uh how late do we have to get back be back here? Thirty minutes lunch break? I thought forty five. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, me too. Save as. Yeah, v But but you can open a from your pr from your laptop. Yeah, maybe. Save as. No. Export. Export H_T_M_L_. Huh, image? Paper size A_ four. Uh screen size. In this directory. No? Yeah, it is connected. Yeah, I think so. Oh. Thank you. Yeah, of course. To my exave executive Aye. Yeah. Okay.