W what? Alri alright. We'll see. Yeah. Yeah, that's important too. Yeah. Alright. From me of course, yeah. Well from us all, yeah, from all of us. Yeah. It's a nice chorus, yeah. Repeat it yeah. Alright. Alright, we both uh will? Or one of us will? Uh Alright. If I make mistakes uh you'll uh Right. Uh well this is our design. Uh it's pretty uh much uh like uh Mike draw uh drew uh the in the during the last meeting. With uh the different uh perspectives of it. Uh we'll begin uh with the front. We have of course uh the the round shape uh the round uh basic shape. Um with uh the upper part being the front. Th So there's this part um which is made of hard plastic, the front. And uh we're we're using different colours. Of course for the launch we use the basic ugly colours, and later we'll put out uh more interesting covers with different patterns and pictures and everything. But basically, different colours, bright colours not black, too dark. Fancy colours. Um then we have uh the lower part of the of the device. Uh which is of course um part of the back actually, because it's also titanium. You can see it also on the on the on the side view, that only this part is the front, and the rest of it, the under uh the under side uh of it, yeah, the back side and the lower part of the front is of course titanium made of titanium, and has the titanium colour of course, the look. Um then we have uh on back on the front uh the logo in the upper corner, uh which is uh made uh which is also part of the back, part of the titanium uh titanium part. Yeah? It's a double R_. Yeah the logo Uh uh it's difficult to draw so small, but it's our double R_ uh logo is in there. Um so that's the logo in the upper lef uh right corner. Then we have the buttons. Uh it's difficult to draw again the little oval or round I think oval will be better for the for the d for the different uh channel buttons. So uh oval, n those are here. And then we have the m The m Yeah the the con the the the, yeah, the t volume and the channel controls uh in the middle here. Um um with kind of arrow shapes, which makes it also a bit more exciting than basic round or um uh uh square buttons. And also here are the two uh buttons we agreed on. We have the Okay button. Oh nei we uh the Okay button's here in the middle of the of the operators, of the channel and uh volume um changers. And then we've here the Menu button and the And the video button. The Yeah. And of course this low part, this is the L_C_D_ screen. Uh this is what we made of it. You can make uh suggestions uh if you want. Maybe we maybe we should finish first uh our talk and then you can add suggestions. Maybe I I don't want to I don't want to suppress you but n I'll uh finish this uh quick. Um okay I've had everything I guess on the front? Yeah the back. Yeah. We thought about Yeah, uh the back is of course totally titanium. And we thought about the logo big in the middle. Just so again the double R_. We have then the logo on front and on the back. Maybe that's too much but you have to say uh say that if you think that way. And the company slogan, we thought in a kind of arc shape uh above the logo. That's basically what we were thinking about, and Oh and uh before I forget. Yeah the the voice, of course, the voice recorder is uh at the bottom. And you can record it uh using, yeah, the the the back of the f w device. Why? Well it fits uh it it it it fits the hand, mean uh the the the the In the middle in the That's the question. Uh well Yeah. H What do you suggest I mean we do? This was Mike's prototype, and y you seemed to agreed on it. But now you have a totally different. The size? Yeah well the size doesn't really matter w I mean Side? Uh oh the side? W we we he drew the s the side, but you d you weren't paying attention as usual. Well any case, we'll discuss it now. Uh I think uh this is a pretty good uh good idea. But you you hold it like this. You're not holding it like this or something. You, yeah, y How do you call it? Yeah. Well y y y you don't have it like this. You have it more like this. You you you're using buttons this way, or if you're right-handed, this way. So you Yeah. So Yeah well And maybe you can you can grab it a bit higher, so Well Well the the Well that's a reason to to to put the L_C_D_ screen uh of course on the upper side, but If necessary. But uh are d Can you live with it? Uh Y Yeah, y y y y you said it was totally uh unusable. But do you But d you don't think this is completely unusable I guess. I think. Not totally, well Yeah but of course y you are also human. We have to take uh every everyone into account. So Yeah. Well uh who who else thinks like you? We don't know. Maybe a thousand people, or a million people. Let it be. Alright. So that's that. Uh any other suggestions? You're very personal again. Well d we designed it, so of course we are very Yeah. So and we ha we have answer now? Yeah. I Yeah, I think it Well l well let's start with the beginning, just one by one. Well, I guess uh I think uh it's uh it's it's um pointed towards the youth of course, uh if you look at the design and and the colours and everything. That was our target audience of course. But it's also not completely um uh u unacceptable for older people I guess. Uh it's it's not f a device that Yeah, that's that's uh for older people, it's it's more that classical look. So Uh no. I think Yeah they like black of course, but I think they'll uh they they think uh the the titanium look of it is also Uh I think it's also good for them, so I think we both uh have uh consider considered uh the youth and also a bit older people. So I think it's very good-looking and not only for youth uh young people. Yeah, the fourteen yeah. Is it easy to t change channels? Yeah well I think so. I think it's uh as easy as uh can be made. Uh So I Yeah. You How can you make it any easier? Yeah, huge is a Yeah. D we d we don't we don't have uh that s Yeah. Well we don't have the device that beeps uh when you lost it or so, but um um Yeah. Yeah. Mm? Are we take too much time? Yeah, very much. One. Yeah. And I think fancy-feeling too, because of the titanium back. Yeah. So well maybe two because of the voice recorder. F Yeah. One or two. Yeah. Four? Well, it doesn't really resemble any fruit, uh that's true. But but we have the the the the the sparkly fruity colours of course. And you can also have front with uh with fruit on it. I knew things uh were going uh too smoothly. There had to be some kind of trouble along the way. My god. The what? The Yeah w tha that's uh that's a bit an optional option. No. No, d th No. Yeah. No. N Uh well we have a bit of a problem I think. Because uh the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. No. Because uh that uh y because my information says it. Huh? Uh well yeah I I read something about it, but Yeah, I I read something about it, but it wasn't very clear. I d I didn't in include it in my report. Single Well you have to use a chip. So Well you have to use the advanced chip, if you have the L_C_D_ screen. But if you have a regular chip, you can't have the L_C_D_ screen. That that's a fact. Uh Yeah, but it's only one half. Uh it d it doesn't But we d Then we have to lose the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah, I know but that's what my information says. I di I didn't uh put uh the advanced chip in there for fun. You have to use it. For the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. Well uh and what do they mean with curves uh again? Because we you have uncurved Yeah. Well But what what did what do n Sorry, but What do they mean with the curves? Is th Is this a curve? One curve? Yeah, this is actually two curves, yeah. It's how you It's how you look at it. Well then we have a huge problem I think. W t we can never get uh below the twelve and a half. But uh I Hey but uh I think you'll agree that uh that we that now we have this uh screen, it's it's very uh not practical to ha to consider this after we have designed the entire thing. Well that's pretty uh l N not very practical. Well But I'm n I don't agree. I think I think the titanium just uh provided the the tough look and the and the And also the the older people will like it because of that. And because i Alright it's not our target audience, but it's it's useful if it's uh important for old people. Yeah. I think the titanium is very important. Yeah we have a problem, yeah. W But you can better, yeah, dump the L_C_D_ screen then. Well what else? W I mean uh Yeah. Yeah, well yeah. Alright. I agree with that. So we u we use uh Unfortunately. Um. Titanium-coloured plastic. So titanium-coloured plastic for the back. Yeah this is good, but it it's not good enough. So we have to use the ditch the titanium, I'm afraid. What do we Well what do we know? All we want is a is a fancy design but we don't really consider the costs. So Yeah al alright, yeah. But we have to deal with it now. So So Titanium gone and add plastic. And on plastic times two and then we uh are there? No No yeah well Oh six. A lot of plastic, yeah. No two for the to make it clear. I want gold plating. No no um We have we have to uh fill W we ha No no no, but th that's not f um Well you can you can double curve, if you don't have titanium. And that we dropped, so it it can be done. But it's pretty funny. We we do want to reach twelve point five. But it isn't bad to to to stay at eleven. We get more salary, if we make if cheaper than twelve uh twelve and a half. Objection. Well I can't get no satisfaction, but uh I think it's uh Well in in if we consider the costs then this is the best, yeah. Its it's uh ridiculous actually, but Which isn't very practical, but that's the way. Uh-huh. Well uh they they didn't think of the requirements. It's the requirements of the user, uh I guess. Yeah. Yeah but they base that on on the user specifications. It was a complete disaster. No Uh it it it uh it is uh No it's other way around. That's the SMARTboard. That's the digital panel. That's that's the smart A televi Yeah. Yeah. Left or right? Well I didn't use uh Nei It it's much m But uh you can uh I I sent it about three times now. Uh a green uh board with uh chalk is much more useful than that thing. The simple uh sch school board. I I didn't use it. I wrote things down but I didn't import it into my laptop. That's the W But also y you write things down. And i you can also bring your your your note block. So what's the what's the th what's the point of importing it into Yeah alright. For drawings, but not for personal notes. I think that's not very Uh I mean you can bring your paperwork along and p Well of course if you have a lot of paper If you've If you've Yeah I understand. But I think uh d this option is only useful if you've got a lot of paperwork. You can't It's not very uh ni Yeah well a lot of documents are Yeah. Mu Yeah right. Can we keep them? Uh. Well did you really uh Did you really take uh take those in account? I half of time I didn't notice they were there. So But we shouldn't talk about that. Because this is a realistic environment. Right. Okay. But yeah. W well th that's just the the environment they set us up f with. So Well, for drawing for drawings. Yeah. Well No But it's still an expensive uh expensive But if w Yeah. Well and if And but what if uh maybe this this board uh SMARTboard is malfunctioning or someone. But suppose it was working correctly, what uh would it be useful then, if it wasn't off all the time? A Really? Anything you want. Any b b Yeah. L li li Yeah. Well it isn't, but maybe that thing is uh is Yeah, board, a school board, yeah. Yeah. I it has It is useful. Yeah. This uh if it works correct, maybe this thing this thing is just malfunctioning. So uh if we get in uh if we get another one and you make sure it does work, I think then it's pretty useful. Because uh yeah you can draw t things quickly and uh clearly for anyone uh in the discussion room. And then you can save it immediately. Did you type that? Maybe till four o'clock or something? Well dunno. Yeah. No we must save this thing, yeah. In the shared map map. Map, is it a good word? The folder, yeah. So it is useful, yeah. No but uh Radical. Yeah. Do you believe it yourself? They also want to see my cat and his rabbit, and uh Your big beautiful bird. Maybe the pen is just uh uh broken and the board isn't. Of or the other way around uh Yeah I think so too. Who is she you're talking about? Oh you mean our uh coach, our f personal coach. Is she also our accountant? Is she responsible for sending that information so late? Oh. Because then we have to confront her with our Yeah. That that's our new slogan. Yeah, I like that. Blame our accountants. But we couldn't, yeah. Well I th Yeah.