That's my task. Okay. Uh I've Where have I put it? My Documents or not? Hmm. I've save it on my computer, my presentation. But where? Uh uh uh It was about the working of the remote control. Nope. Not a of Wait. The working design. But I've saved it. But now I don't know where it is. Hmm. Yeah. And I import this until One more. What the fuck is this? Yeah that's the empty one. I had one. Uh-huh. Open it. Okay here it is. Project. Okay. A little later but here it is. So okay. It's a little difficult what I'm gonna tell you. It's about the working of the remote control. I just had an half an hour j to study it and I don't get it. Ten minutes to tell it. Okay. I think it will be a few minutes and First uh I will tell you something about the findings, what I discovered about the remote control. The working bout it uh of it. Uh then I'll have uh some kind of map, and it's the top of the remote control. With a little bit of science, uh you I will show that uh in in a few minutes. And then uh what I'll think about it. First, the findings. The remote control is a very difficult uh thing to uh to explain to just all of you wh who haven't seen a remote control uh inside. Uh there's a lot of uh plastic on it, um because its uh not so expensive. And there are uh a lot of uh wires, uh which um connect the components in it, the battery, and there are um switches and things like that. There's a lot of small uh electronics. So it won't be um uh too expensive to build it. Only twelve Euro fifty I think uh we will make it. Now And here I have the top of the remote control. Uh here's some kind of chip. Uh on top of this, there are uh the numbers. Uh you have all on your remote control. And uh the teletext uh button. And uh here's the battery. And when you push the button, it will uh will be sent to the chip. And the chip will um send it to all kind of sub-components. That's what I said, it's very difficult. And after that it will be sent to the infrared. And that will send it to your television. That's a short h uh how it works. Uh I think I can uh make it uh difficult, but we all we all don't get it. My preferences? It's uh it won't be uh We shouldn't make it too big. Uh also for the cost, uh we should only put one battery on it. A long-lasting battery. Uh also for the cost, uh use only plastic. Not other materials. Also because of the cost, uh not too much buttons on it. We can also make uh a button uh with a menu uh button. And then um that that you will see it on the T_V_. And on the T_V_ you can uh switch into the menu. That's I think it's easier. And the bleep signal, y uh you told us. Uh but we can also use it uh a bleep like something, when the battery's empty, then there is a bleep. Then you'll have to change it in a in a week or something. And also the bleep, when what I told you about uh when you lost it, and you push a button, and then you hear bleep bleep, and we will find it. This is uh just uh Yeah. Yeah. If we w if we use only just one uh small pen-light, then it will be cheaper than when we use two. Yeah but then we'll have to make the um remote control uh long lasting. Just Yeah. Yeah. But uh I think this our remote control is for the televisions we uh we sell in our company? Or is it also for other company uh for other televisions? Then this is an option. Maybe just a menu button to use it on our televisions. And then we make it easier uh for our televisions. And on the other tele televisions, you can also use it, but then we won't use the Yeah? Okay. Then I think uh the menu button uh will only work on the newer televisions. And we will uh look forward and don't make a remote control which for the older televisions. And I just uh have one more idea. Uh maybe it's one of your tasks. But Uh, to have a trendy remote control, we can also um make something like the Nokia um mobile phones. To change covers. So if you have uh a trendy half with all red, uh yellow and something. And then you can put a red cover on it. And also different things. Yes. Uh then it won't be uh will have just one cover on the uh original one. And then you can buy the covers. I think it will be a little more difficult, but not too much. Just like with the Nokia uh mobile phones. Just one. Yeah but then we'll have to to just um put five covers on it, and see if it works. If it won't works then we'll get something else. Then we uh won't g uh go further with it. Uh a p a a cover made in uh in China, it it won't be I guess so expensive I think. Maybe. I wi I won't. But maybe I think trendy people or like children where you can paint on it, and uh the the children think, oh this is my remote control, uh I made a picture on it. Uh Yeah. Okay. And the other people? What do you think about it? Okay. Okay. You're the Project Manager. Yes. That's it. 'Kay. Yeah. I have uh one question. If we aim for the younger people, um and there will be uh a lot of features like L_C_D_ or the the the speech uh f recognising, uh the cost will be a lot of h uh a lot higher. Uh I think we don't have that in our budget. Do you think? Like No. No. Uh-huh. 'Kay, we'll just have to do that. Okay. No discussion about it. Okay. Unfortunately. To change to the next channel, just one button. To move up, move down. But then we come to the costs. But now we have only the buttons. And uh we don't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like? Or Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.