Okay. Could could I see the scroll bar as uh as as a sort of shortcut? A a and the voice recognition as well, th maybe you could uh could uh Yeah. Okay. Okay, good. And and the case is is rubber? And the buttons? Okay, and uh the colouring? with with grey or black. Okay, we'll we'll come to that later. Um okay. Anything else to add or Yeah. M uh yeah. M m but maybe you do want a programme button to uh for example activate the voice recognition, or train the voice voice recognition. Yeah al although by pressing the button for I n don't know two, three seconds, you could also say it you'd disable it with a little beep and and but o okay, that that's not really really important. The basic okay. Okay. Um you thought of some evaluation crit criteria? Okay. You are nameless. No. Okay, so this these are the cr uh the criteria. Okay, well the then we'll switch to my presentation. Um The production costs. The costs are not under Can I Um this is the Yeah, it's it's w way above um uh above the the the twelve Euro fifty. And what makes it very expensive is uh for example the solar cell. So I guess we should skip that, because it's not that important. Yeah, the the price, the the number of items and the the sum. Um well, this is what I would call our luxury model. Um if you would if you look at the uh w w w what we could do to make it more um to make it just between the twelve Euro fifty, um then I did the following changes. Twelve Euro forty cents I came up with by leaving out the solar cells, um by not using the voice recognition feature, because it's uh it's a four Euro uh addition to the price. Um Yeah, I believe Uh, push-button, well It makes it the thirteen yeah. Push-buttons are buttons are are not the most expensive, but do add extra cost. So um yeah, th this design is not um within our price model. Um Yeah. It's still too expensive, yeah. Um I I guess if we leave the if we leave this one out, um oh. And uh maybe not use the special form. It becomes a very dull remote control, I know. But it's the board decision. Um And um yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know. Maybe we should look at an uh focus on another uh Yeah, m uh maybe not not all that fancy, but just way way more easy uh uh um basic and uh m maximise the profits and um Yeah. Yeah. I know, I know. Yeah. Although I think we yeah, but we could still make uh a remote control that ap uh um applies um more to young people uh by giving it another colour already. Um so it is possible to make uh uh a device that attracts a little bit more to young people. Um but uh I agree it's it's not a fancy high-tech uh device. Definitely not, no. It's not that innovative. Or however you s pronounce that. Um so, okay. Um Oh, this is the wrong one. So uh that means redesign. We do not have the time o uh now to to redesign the product. Um but we can evaluate the process and um uh uh the satisfaction on how things went. Um I'm not sure if we need to evaluate uh the device first. I guess Yeah. Yeah, that's true. We l we can learn. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Well I d it is it is Yeah, I think so. You like the rubber, uh Roo. Yeah. No, I'll I'll I'll give it a two. You like tita That's a flavour as well. Right. Um Yeah, I know, but but it but that's fancy in the way um I mean fancy has has a lot of Yeah. Yeah. It applies. It yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I I agree. Well, with the voice recognition feature and uh No, we are evaluating this this uh design now. This prototype. Yeah. That would have been a thrill. Yep. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I'm doubting doubting as well. Um Yeah. Okay. Uh two or three? Three? Wha wh what would be your guess? I mean ease of use um does not only apply to the most basic functions. It's the uh it's it's overall. Is the device easy to use? Yeah. Yeah. Um Okay. Uh Roo, a three? Ruud? Okay. So I could make it e easy? Roo. No, I haven't said anything yet. Okay, but if I would say a three, then it's six, and four is ten. Divided by four is two point five. But I'm filling in a three. Does it will so it will be a two point five. Yes, it is. I have a veto. Exactly. It's not about the content, it's about okay, um is it easy to f Yeah, definitely. Yeah, or beeps or yeah. I'm here, I'm here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I uh we should not uh stay too long on this subject uh because of the time, but I personally give it a one. Um Sebastian? Right, well. The feel of the remote control is spongy. Well, uh it can't be more spongy. So No okay, but but for the options given, it's the most spongy one. Yeah. Yeah. They're out there. Yeah. I'll give it a one. Yeah, I know, but you have to name a fig uh a number. Because we need to go on in for the time. You are okay. The remote control offers enough features. Well, Ruud, what what do you think about it? Yeah. Yeah, I know. What what we didn't talk about is um uh I think it has. Yeah. Bec because you can um we didn't talk about it, but you do have uh remote controls that are able to adapt another signal. So, you place a a regular uh remote control in front of the other one, hit the one or the two or the three, whatever, and it r records the uh the um the the signals. So you could uh uh uh enter any comment you like, as long it's able to as long as our device is able to reproduce the infrared signal. So I think th this uh this is uh a a remote control with a very high level of features. Although there are i a few buttons, but the inside is is quite uh advanced. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Okay, um let's give it a number. I'll give it uh a one. For for the for this t uh type of market, I think it's a one. Yeah. So high quality, low acceptance. The product is is is uh b high qua uh has a high quality and and is uh advanced. But whether or not our clients are are um willing to pay twenty five Euros for this kind of device is doub is well, is not sure. D do you agree? Yeah. Maybe we should have a radar uh function. Twenty five Euros. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Bu but well yeah, I know, but you're paying for th for the brand, because there are uh remote controls which control your stereo, television, D_V_D_, C_D_ player, for under twenty five Euros. Yeah.. Yeah. Okay. Um you had an overall rating. Um That's counting. Okay. Okay. Um we'll go further on with the the rest of the evaluation. About the project itself, not about the product. Um What did you think about uh the process, the project process? Ruud? Try to translate that. Any any other Uh, Roo? Roo. Yeah. Better decision. Yeah. Less. Yeah. So we could we we could be we could've been creative. But um it was tempered by the choice of components and the the price. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, Roo? Any other thoughts on that? Ruud? You agree, okay. Uh leadership. Okay, Roo's on for his promotion. Okay. I think so too, it's it's it's uh of course a laboratory environment. I missed it um to be able to contact you in between and uh say uh, hey Roo uh. Um Yeah. So um Yeah, but but si uh w w w when taken in account the the situation, uh I think we performed pretty well. Yeah. Um the means, the SMARTboard, the digital pen. Did you like 'em? Because of the response or Okay. Uh Okay, so it it had to be um better aligned, or what's the word? Uh yeah. It it was calibrated just before this meeting. Uh the one before, the third meeting. So uh it's not the calibration, it's the thing itself, I think. Uh Ruud, w uh did you use the pen a lot? Or not at all? Not at all. Okay. I thought it was quite a handy uh thing, although I would like to see um O_C_R_. Yeah. To digitise them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah. Okay. Um What w Uh Ruud, what did you think about the SMARTboards? Yeah. Okay, you can't really decide. No. I missed a feature to easily select uh a slide and uh distribute it to the laptops. I think that would be very easy if you could say okay, I want to use this for my own work or my own presentation further on or Or the other way around, that you could show but m I know. I know, but I know, but we couldn't use that feature, so I missed it. We weren't able to do that. At least the um I wasn't explained how to do such a th Okay. Yeah. Okay, so y it it's not even as advanced as paint. Yeah. Okay. Uh no. Yeah, the project is evaluated. Um but, well, we need to redesign uh the product. Celebrate. Okay. Um you're dismissed. No, I think we are uh ready. Private room, Roo. That sounds quite scary. No, let's find uh the way to.. I don't believe so. Well, maybe we'd get an email. Thank you for your Forty minutes. A minute or or ten maybe. M Yeah, ten or five. So, we can uh redesign our uh Uh I would like to Oh. Yeah. Yeah. It's blue tongue. Yeah. This is a new model. But Blue tongue. It's spongy.. That is uh it's a new feature next to Bluetooth to um disable all Bluetooth devices. Um Yeah, we're done here. Gentlemen, thank you for your cooperation. Yes.