Good morning, again. All set? Good. Okay. Let's see what we can find here. Okay. A very warm welcome again to everyone. Um here we are already at our uh functional design meeting. Um and this is what we are going to do. The opening, which we are doing now, um and the special note, I'm project manager but on the meetings I'm also the secretary, which means I will make uh minutes as I did of the previous meeting. And uh I also put these as fast as possible in the uh project folder, so you can see them and review what we have discussed. Um if I'm right, there are three presentations, I guess each one of you has prepared one? Good. And um we will also take a look at new project requirements, um if you haven't heard about them yet. And then of course we have to take a decision on the remote control functions and we have some more time, forty minutes. But I think we will need it. Um well I don't know who wants to go first with his presentation. You can go first, okay. Is there an order? I haven't And one question, uh your name Denni, is it with a I_E_ E_I_E_, okay. Thank you. Sorry. Yeah, it's a little bug it's in the in the smart board. Okay, thank you. Yep. Please. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Um, well thank you all, huh. I dunno uh did everyone receive an email with uh the new project requirements? No? Well, then I think it's a good thing that I made a separate slide of them so you can all read them. Oh, well not in this presentation. Hmm. Should be in there. Well, I can tell you them uh from my laptop. Um teletext does has become outdated since the popularity of the internet. So that's uh the first thing we I think we should pay less attention to uh teletext. Uh the remote control should only be used for the television, otherwise the project becomes more complex, which endangers the time to market, and of course would make it more costly, I think. Um our current customers are within the age group of forty plus, and new product should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty, and you talked about that before. And uh a last point, but also very important, our corporate image should stay recognisable in our products, which means that our uh corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design. So we have to keep that in mind. Um well uh according to our agenda it's then time to take a decision on the remote control functions. So, who has any idea about what should be on it, and what shouldn't? Yeah. Only be used for television. Well it says only for television here, huh. Makes it a lot easier, huh? Mm-hmm. Uh well new product should reach a market with customers that are younger than forty, and now we have current customers uh of forty plus. Mm-hmm. So we're going for an L_C_D_ screen? And hoping that when we produce a lot it won't be too expensive. Mm-hmm. Okay, so L_C_D_ it is? Okay. And what else? Yeah, okay. But for now it's L_C_D_. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, and maybe you can make something fancy out of an L_C_D_ remote, because it's new, as far as I know. Okay, what else does our remote need? Mute button. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and we could make an a a separate menu on the L_C_D_ uh screen for teletext. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And maybe a low battery indicator? On the screen. So we are going for the for the recharger. Okay. Yeah, also. Okay, well I've Yeah, you have some more points. And you said something about speech recognition? Even bigger than for L_C_D_. But when you look at the percentages Speech recognition scores even higher, huh? Yeah, well, maybe because of the cost, but uh nobody knows uh how much uh it will cost uh. But would it be useful to imple implement both? On one remote? Or Yeah, I dunno. So, no speech recognition? Or Yeah, and then we have different languages. Okay, just make a separate remote for each uh Okay, so we only do this when we have enough money left. Okay. Well I've written down an an on or off button, volume selection, channel selection, uh the digits from one to zero, huh. Um or from zero to nine. Uh a digits button to switch uh between one and two digits, mute button, a separate menu for teletext, a battery indicator. Um we're going to use a docking station and uh probably L_C_D_ and if there's enough money, speech recognition. And uh the possibility to uh enlarge buttons or to have large buttons in general. Okay, so not too much teletext support, but in a separate menu, and Okay, but no more buttons or functions, or? Aren't we forgetting something very important? Ping. Yeah. And a see-through uh Okay, well that's the signal for las final five minutes. Um so I have uh the things I just read. Um then we have uh separate menus for teletext, screen settings, audio settings, and what else? Channel settings. Okay. No, we said teletext also a separate menu. Okay, but we can work that out later, I guess. So we're having a a general menu with the most used functions, uh teletext, screen settings, audio settings, channel settings, and maybe there are options for the remote itself? Like uh large icons or small icons and I don't know what else, but Yeah, but on the L_C_D_, huh? Right, yeah, okay. But we don't need a special we don't need a special options menu for the remote itself. Okay. Well maybe there should be a separate button apart from the L_C_D_, because you can't turn it on when the L_C_D_ is off. So how do you turn the thing on? There has to be a on button on the remote, huh? Tap the thing. Okay. And then the television is on also, or just the remote? Sure. Okay, well Yeah. So actually we're going to create a a button-less uh remote. No buttons at all. Okay, well that's might be a unique selling point, huh for a remote. Okay, well I guess we have to postpone further discussion to uh our next meeting, because we're running out of time. Um for now, we're having a lunch break, and then there will be uh half an hour for the uh next share of individual work. I will uh write uh minutes, if I can create them out of this. And uh put them in the the project documents uh folder. And here are the individual actions for the for the other roles. And of course specific instructions will be sent to you again by your uh personal coach. Luckily as we are. Okay, well thank you very much, for now, and uh have a nice lunch, huh?