Okay, we Mm. Okay, that's fine. Um. Okay, now work a little with me. Okay. Well, let's start it as it is. Okay, uh the method. There are a few questions that need to be answered, uh you already uh talked about it a little bit. Which buttons are wanted, uh is our remote control universal or should it be programmable. Uh if it should be programmeab grammeale then we need um something like a mode that you can switch it. Because then the buttons have to send out a different signal then they would normally do. And uh how big is the remote control uh going to be? I'll tell you why that's important to me. Um there are a lot of technical parts in the remote control, so uh uh that's why I also would like to say uh go a little bit easy on the designs, uh I heard ab uh you talking about beeps and about uh video screens, but uh the material inside and the technical aspects are quite complex already. So keep in mind that everything that you keep uh think of, it has to b to be built. So it's that's not as easy as it s might look like. Uh material study, I'm working on that um for the the costs. I have to check out how far I can go with that. Normally, a circuit board is made of fibreglass uh and the wires are made of copper. Uh that is how it is done and all the remote controls work that way, I think we can just go on with that. Um then I've read more integration of materials means less cost for the production. The more we can make uh at once uh in one piece, uh that is cheaper. Exactly, so if we make a circuit board with the the connections already on it, then that's cheaper. So we have to make something that's not too difficult in design again. This is what look like uh looks like if you press one button, so this is not the entire thing. You have the the power coming in, then you have like a switch. The switch uh uh uh if you p press it then some electrical charge goes into the processor, that thinks over a Morse code, that's how you should see it. The Morse code goes to the amplifier, then uh the signal is sent to two uh light bulbs. You have infrared and an interv um uh how to say it? Uh a light in indication, light that you know that it's functioning. Uh here again, that's my story about the different modes, if you do want to make remote uh universal, then the processor has to uh make up a different Morse code when some button is pressed. That makes it much more complex, so we really need to have a look, do we want that or not. Uh I don't have any personal p uh preferences uh so far, except for uh the materials to be used uh light, that they are light. That was it. Hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. No, I think this is a good idea. But Go ahead. Y Yes, I think so too. Yeah. Okay, uh Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I have to check that out, I'm not sure. That must be possible. Ja. I'm sorry, whe where do you wanna hit the T_ you wanna we want a button on the television. In th okay, but that rules out a universal remote control. Because that's not possible uh. Uh. Yeah. Exactly. Okay, then uh I'd I'd like to know now if we want the uh universal remote control or not, because that's uh determines everything I'm gonna do. If not Okay. Okay, then I go for that. Yeah. Okay. No, it's fine with me, but then I know what to look for. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Exactly. I already noted that. Mm, okay. Okay. Hmm. If we uh make a remote control with changeable covers, then we can also make uh a cover for every language area. That's fo is uh especially for older people, that they can read it read it in their own language. That's okay, okay. Huh. Uh okay. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Okay. Uh but I know that the buttons are like a Nokia telephone on uh one sleeve, so you don't have to change your whole cover. Uh we can make something that you can only remove the sleeve. Know what I mean? It works the same as a Nokia telephone, it's it's in my uh 'kay. Exactly. Hmm. Mm. Yeah. I don't think so. No, I don't think so. Because the television needs to respond to the signal, and if it doesn't know how, it's Exactly, that's not possible. Hmm. Mm. Mm. But that might be broken. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm okay. Mm. But I think there must be a way uh to invoke the more complicated functions of a television. For instance, if your old remote control is broken and you buy ours, then uh you should be able to get everything out of the television that's in it. Because otherwise you'll lose functions by buying our Okay, I thi I think so too. And I think that our r remote control should not look like uh any other. For instance uh Sony makes all their remote controls exactly the same for all their devices, and you always grab the wrong one because formatting of the buttons is exactly the same, only the labels are different. We should not do that. Exactly. Mm that's your uh division. Hmm. Yeah. Perhaps we should also make uh something like a flash on it, if you if it's lost, for people that are deaf. They they won't hear the the beep. Yeah. Uh. Yeah, it's true, but it's it's only has to do so when you press the button that it's lost. So. deaf people? I have another idea, I'm not sure if it's possible. Mm. Yeah, me too. Shall we uh also look if it's possible to make a rechargeable remote? That you don't have to buy new batteries if every Mm, yeah. Uh. But that's already possible. Yes. Yes. Okay. Uh you could make a device, but I'm not sure how that uh is possible with the costs, that you can put in normal batteries, rechargeable, but it you're the remote also can act as a recharger. So then you can choose, you have every decision. Know what I mean? You can uh put in normal Penlites, rechargeable Penlites, but they can also be recharged with the remote, with a wire. So but But I think that will cost a lot. Uh a normal wire would be better. Like a like a P_D_A_, a hand-held. You can uh just put it in the electricity and it charges itself, you don't need basic station. Yes. That is possible, that's true. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yes. I'm going to try to find that out. I'm not sure if there's information available on this, but Hmm. These are uh comfort issues. So I think people will pay they wanted to pay for comfort. Well, this is comfort. Yes. Hmm. Yeah. Exactly. I think this is a brilliant product. I would buy it myself. Uh. I like the covers. That's a brilliant idea. I never thought I hope if I have information about that, I'm gonna Mm. Yeah. I would like to make a decision. What it costs and what kind of materials that we can uh choose what we want in it and exactly, I need it. Was it not possible to uh send emails around the office? Not. Yeah, okay. What uh what did you wanna say? Mm. Mm. Mm. But that's the question, is it? Because it needs to be configured in the television under the menu. If it isn't, then we cannot reach it. I think so too. I think so too. Uh isn't there a possibility to do research on that, so we know that for sure? If you rule out functions, then uh and that gets known, then people are not gonna buy it. Then the consumer bond or something says uh you cannot do this and that with it. That's a bad bad com commercial for okay. That's true. Hmm. Hmm. Did they really said it like that? Those two things. Do they realise how much that costs? That's almost undoable. No, that's that's. Even if i if we have this lost unit, then we cannot do it for that price. Yeah, that's true. Mm. Hmm. Uh. Uh I But I really need finance information. We all do. Mm. Uh. Hmm. And the design, it should differ. This is Philips, huh? Philips has this. Okay. Hmm. Uh. Mm. Oh, I realise if we make it small, then it needs to be a little thicker, because I need to put all the electronics in it. If we make it s uh smaller, uh less wide, then we need to m make it a little thicker, because I have to put all the electronics in it. No. Hmm. Me too. Ah but. Hmm. No. M I personally would prefer it on the top. Huh. But it Hmm. Mm. Hmm. They want it uh. We should just try to make that if it's possible. If it is possible we should really do it, but we need that information. Also keep in mind again, the L_C_D_ screen is very flat, but it needs transistors, resistors, I don't know what more and that needs space. So I have to look if that's possible. But if we Hmm. Hmm. If we have a a space issue, we can also lose one battery. It is rechargeable, so we can stick with one instead of two. That might be an option. Yeah, but if we need two batteries and an L_C_D_ screen, that means a lot of space that we need. But it has to be a little bit heavier. Okay. No, but the things behind it. space. Like a process uh. I like this one more. Mm. Mm. I'll try to. One more uh thing I'd like to say, uh let's give this uh a name, and not like some vague serial number that no one understands, like with cars. Shall we all try uh to think about a name? Good luck. Yeah, I've Do we uh save the?