Hmm. Oh. Mine. Oh, great. Uh Yes, well uh let's uh talk about the interface uh concept. Uh, first I'll uh I'll uh discuss the buttons we just chose, uh show you some samples, uh uh discuss some colours and design maybe, already. And uh my personal preferences. Well we chose the power button to switch the television on and off. The bu uh the mute button to switch the volume on and o on and off. The channels buttons, one to nine, and uh off uh uh zero to nine, and the uh button to choose uh higher channels than nine. Uh the volume and channel quadrants, uh left and right, up and down arrows, to uh do the volume and channel. And the menu menu button to man manipulate the L_C_D_ uh display. Um, I found some uh interesting uh uh samples. Examples. Um, well uh what's pretty standard is uh that it's that they're all pretty uh uh high uh Yeah. Yeah. Large and and and pretty thin and uh and long. Um, power buttons are mostly at the top uh left or right. Um, well we see the the the same uh arrows. Like there. And uh Yeah, well arrow b buttons can be blue. And what's interesting is the the the icons on the buttons. Some buttons have icons like the play and stop, but we don't use that. But uh, these we we have to choose the right icons, or or letters. Uh this is the V_ for volume, but they're both uh a V_. So it's it's not really very uh clear what's the function of that. Um Yeah. So, that's Uh, well Yeah. I thought that was our uh idea. So, uh how Like this. Or or this. And that the menu button is okay. Yeah, okay. Uh, so the The icons on the arrows, as well, you mean. Yeah. Uh, well that's something to uh think about. Okay. Um, well I don't I don't know if we have to discuss this already, or in the next uh meeting. But uh, as we have to uh to to design the the case and the whole uh remote control in our uh our our corporate uh company uh uh colours and the logo, I would uh recommend a yellow case. Uh, round edges. The logo at the bottom. And uh, well maybe each each uh set of buttons uh has uh has his own colour. So, it's good. Uh, recognisable. K so, I think. Uh, no. Not too much. But uh No, no, no. But this has to be has to be trendy and uh and Uh, yeah so good uh good icons on the buttons, and uh and big buttons is my uh personal uh opinion. That was that. Hmm. No. Mm, yes. What? Mm. Yeah. But but i that's the only scroll uh button on it then? Yeah, okay. But but how Yeah. How Okay. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And you can and you can uh make the the power button as a trigger. Like uh Just to uh Oh, like a Yeah. But if you put push the the menu button Yeah, wh what Yes, but you don't know which of the scroll buttons you have to choose. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm, yeah. Yeah. It's uh Or you can uh turn it inside. But that's No, that's true.. Okay. Cookie.