Great man. Who starts? Alright, great. Alright. Mm-hmm. Yes. 'Kay. Yeah. No. You're the only one. Alright. 'Kay. Alright. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. Yeah. But let's forget about it. It's just time-consuming, so we uh have to go on. Yes. Mm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think I have to start. Oh no, no problem. I I just have to uh to think which file's mine, 'cause I was uh bit in a hurry. I think it's this one. But I'm not sure. Hmm? Yeah. S Right. Yes. This is it. Well, I'm going to tell you something about functional requirements. Um to start with these points. Uh next sheet? Um at first I tell you something about what people dislike about the current uh controls, because it's uh a smart thing to exclude those things. Uh, furthermore it's very important what they do like and what they do use. Um then I tell something about um the most important issues. So we have to focus on those three thing three things. And in the end I'll um show you our target audience or our target product users, customers. Well, um the first findings are that people um think most controls are very kind of ug ugly. That's seventy five per cent of the current users. They don't like it, so we might think about fronts in that section. Um They also say, that's about uh I thought it was fifty per cent, uh that more money will be spent on uh better looking controls. So it's very important that you design a a nice looking control. Um the current user uses his machine just about well all of the time for a few functions. Uh, almost every user uses it d the the control for just ten per cent of its capacity. So it's really important to make the the buttons for the common uh tasks kind of big or kind of uh flashy. Furthermore, it's uh seventy five per cent of the users uh zaps a lot. Thus it might be uh might be smart to make a a big uh zapping button or something in the middle, so you can reach it with your thumb. Yeah, yeah right. Right. A lot of losers um users lose their controls in their in their living room. So it might be sensible to make some kind of a button on your television, that's your um your control beeps or something, that you can find this very easily. I dunno, maybe that's an idea. 'Cause it's uh a big I think fifty per cent of the users loses his its control, within the same room. So Yeah but what if you lose your click-on device? Yeah but if someone d somebody else uses it in ano other room or something? Nee but it it specifically says it's uh the the control is lost in the same room. So Well a beeping device would be Uh furthermore the learning time is a problem. Uh thirty four thirty four per cent um thinks it's it's too uh too difficult to learn. So the the learning curve should be very short uh for the dumbest people should be able to use it. Yeah but people don't read manuals. No. I think you should put more time in the in the design of uh pick up and use, than a manual. Yeah. Right. And it should be consistent with consistent with older remotes. Alright. And we don't have much time. So it's better to uh put our attention to the the design. So you can pick up and use it, than I think. Yeah right, right. Next point. Um R_S_I_. Well that's about twenty per cent I thought. But uh the designer should uh take it uh should uh Wie zeg ik dat? Yeah, consider the consequences of using your remote. It should be a good in your hand. Right, this is the most important part. Um, we're Like the requirements said, we're gonna specify of we're gonna target a younger audience. Um, that's about sixty per cent of the market, so it's uh quite important. Um research shows that they like to have a little L_C_D_ screen on their on their uh zapping uh device. Uh I thought it was the age between sixteen and twenty, ninety nine per cent of uh the people like that. So it's very important we should definitely have that in our uh designs. Yeah but they think it's really important. So if we want to s If we have a big If we make lots of uh of the stuff, maybe we can uh buy it very cheap, I dunno. We have to uh Yeah, I don't know. I don't have any information on that. So Right. And uh another thing is uh speech uh recognition. They also like that, but research is very uh costly. So Yeah, but it it might be important for the sale. Well I do think L_C_D_ is more reachable than the speech recognition. So we might consider L_C_D_ screens. Alright. Alright. Um, I think that's it. Um I think it is sensible to u uh to take this take these points into the notes. So you can Right. Yeah. Right. Alright. Next button. Oh right. Purple. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A bit. Maybe you can select it. So it uh inverts. the p the whole picture. Nah, uh never mind. Yeah. Alright. Right. Can I say something? Um I have a table here about uh the l the relevance of the buttons. Uh the power button is used very much, channel selection, volume and teletext. Well teletext is not an option, so that uh But I think it's very important to make um the power, channel and volume buttons uh near to the thumb, so you can't have R_S_I_ uh consequences. Right. Make them big, make them easy to uh to press. Right. Yeah, right. Right. Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. We But Yeah. That's very important. And But is that is that useable? Do people, uh when they pick up a remote, know that they have to do that? It's a f it's a new feature, you can make make a double feature l like a button on the top and under it. Yeah, he feels it immediately. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Right, continue. Sorry. Yeah, that's right. Alright. Alright. Yeah, it's clear. I dunno. I think uh w About twenty minutes ago? Losing time losing time. Yeah right. So I don't think so. Yeah right. These are already in use? Alright, okay. Well Yeah, me too. Mm. But we have to reject that, because of the requirements? Alright. Yeah, right. Yeah. But it Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's a must. We must have that. We can make a symbol of the company right here. And if you put a front on it, there's a hole on the front. So the symbol's always on Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But let's not focus on the front. Alright. Yeah, I agree. I've I've got another point. Um there are two target audi audiences, and we've uh chose for the younger one. Um, research has shown that um it's a high interested uh in features. They are high high interested in feature. But they are more critical. Fo Yeah, critical. So The younger audience. So we must um must design uh a control that really speaks to the people. Mm-hmm. Clip aren't used much. Yeah right. Yeah but Yeah. Here, look at these numbers. The newest features are, like I said, are uh L_C_D_ and uh speech uh control. Our audience, these people, are very like these uh features. You see? So we must build in something, or they will to uh go to the concurrent. The concurrent? Competitors, right. So, I do think we have to uh have some features. Even though they cost a little more. Right. Right. Like a ticker-tape. Which programme you are l watching or something. Yeah, right. Yeah right. No not clickable. Nah, no no no. Yeah, just at at the top. So when you s you sit like this you can can watch. I think it should be at the top. Yeah right. It's a ticker-tape idea. Well it's just one script. Yeah, five minutes of ja ja for programming. So I don't think that's the issue. Alright, we go with the L_C_D_ screen? 'Kay. Right, I don't know if I can find that, but Next time. Yeah right. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. We should have a general idea of how it's gonna look. Right. At the top. I think the top is more uh When you s How do you zap? You just sit in your chair? With the remote? Yeah but that's where your hand ball might be. Yeah, I dunno. We'll draw two, and then we'll see uh No Um he thinks Yeah, right. He thinks it's better to put the L_C_D_ at the bottom, and I think it's better at the top. But your Yeah. The the ticker The L_C_D_ is like like small. It's it's wide. It's not not high. But Yeah right. But We're making a remote with with a few functions you know. We High-tech. Width. Th that's not a problem. When I draw here it Oh. Huh? Yeah, it's off. It it needs to be calibrated again. Well Where? Alright, we have to make a decision now, because we don't have much time. Um I think we have uh a few functions, and we can put uh the L_C_D_ above it, and still have lots of room at the bottom, where you can put your hand. At the bot So We are two uh V_S_ two. Right. Great. And moreover I think that you two should be uh come to consensus about the L_C_D_ s. It's uh your it's your job. Yeah, right. Alright, let's keep it central. Mm. Right. You should put that uh power button, channel and volume should have the most uh importance. Yeah, but what he said about R_S_I_ was t kinda true. When when you uh put them all in the same place, the most used buttons, you're doing the same thing all the time, and that's just what R_S_I_'s all about. So it might be smarter to put them a little more away from each other. Um Frequency of uh button use. Um channels are uh most uh is most used within the hour. You can see. So the the channel uh channel buttons should be far far apart, I think, up and down. You thinking uh about R_S_I_? Y look at uh look at the frequency. Nei not too much, but Nei nei nei n I I totally agree. But just Yeah. Right. Yeah. I agree. And should and should be red. Right, just make some decisions. The most important things we have to uh I do think you have to keep you have to keep it central now. Just uh you decide that, you decide that, and ready. Yeah. Nei. We're No We're deciding now, so Top or bottom? Okay. Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah, okay. No. Do you still have the pictures over there? Yeah, that's about it. You do need the uh multi Or did uh No, like this one. You do need them? Yeah, I know. But are we Alright, alright uh Now okay. Right. Yeah, it's most useable this way. Yeah. Right. I do think we have to put that underneath a clip. Yeah. Okay, right. Well if you you take those th If you Yeah, but you can z you can zap t you can you can zap to the video channel from zero to uh Yeah, but when you zap down zero you get to A_V_. Ah uh well whatever,. Yeah, but if we're choosing to uh incorporate these buttons, you have to have uh channel setting, if you wa if you have a new T_V_. You have to set the channels. Right all th these uh different buttons you have to Ah, I do. Right. That's the only one we put uh in there. For a screen uh fu uh channel setting. Programme, right. Uh Ah. Great. Alright. Ah. Okay. Get into my belly.