Okay. Uh good afternoon. This is our third meeting already. I hope you enjoyed your lunch. I did anyway. Um let's see. Presentation three. Okay this is um the second phase uh we're going to discuss today. It's the conceptual design meeting. And a few points of interest in this meeting um are the conceptual specification of components. Uh conceptual specification of design. And also trend-watching. Um these are hopefully the points you addressed in uh your pre uh presentations you're going to show me in a few minutes. Um but first I'll show you the agenda. Uh first the opening. Then we have three presentations. Uh after that we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts. How we're going to make it. And then we're closing. We have about forty minutes. Uh so I suggest let's get started. Uh did someone encounter any problems during the preparation? No? Everything fine? That's nice. Then a little uh thing about the last meeting. Uh these are the points um we agreed on. The requirements and the target market. Uh requirements are uh teletext, docking station, audio signal, small screen, with some extras that uh button information. And we are going to use default materials. Um does somebody have any comments on these requirements? Maybe? No? These are just the the things we thought of, so maybe if you figured something else or thought of something else, just let me know. And maybe we can uh work it out. And we're going to target uh sixty to to eighty year old customers. So now everybody knows what we're do we're doing, um I suggest let's get started with the presentations. So shall we keep the same uh line-up as uh last time? Okay. Good luck. Okay. Thank you. Any questions about the the trends? Mayb No? Okay, we go on to the next one. Okay. Uh thank you. Okay. Thank you. So that brings us to the discussion about our concepts. Mm. 'Kay. So these are the points we have to discuss. Um first I think we can talk about the energy source, since that's um has a pretty big influence on production price, uh and image. Uh so uh f I think first of all we have to see uh it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget, I think. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Uh well I think uh elderly people just like to have everything in place. And I don't think they they like uh remotes just laying everywhere in their rooms. So maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place. And also what you said. Um you can introduce voice recognition by uh finding back your remote. But I think it's um more efficient and cheaper to put it in the docking station. So you have a but button on your docking station which you can push, and then it starts beeping. And then we can we can still use the voice recognition, but maybe then for only the the channels. That's safe. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah, sure. Go ahead. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Easier to use? No, I think that's a good point. Yeah. I personally think the L_C_D_ screen we wanna use, with the extra information, I think nobody has anything against it. Because it's just uh some extra information, and it's easy to ignore as well. So if you don't wanna use it you just don't use it. And um yeah I think the um Maybe we have to uh discard the voice recognition. Because it will increase cost uh signifi uh significantly. And I don't think the I don't think it will be a lot easier to use, as well. So that brings us back to the energy. If we don't have the voice recognition, it will it won't use a lot of energy to use. Um So in that case we could use kinetic uh energy, but I think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good. And much cheaper as well. So Okay let me just choose for the battery. That brings us to the chip. Just the advanced. Okay, advanced chip. And then we get to the point of the case. Um which brings us a little bit back to marketing as well. Uh if we wanna choose for wood or the black and grey. Or both? Um as we saw there is not Yeah wood is a lot more expensive to produce. Um but I think it will attract elderly people who wanna have something exclusive, which they can show off to their grandkids. Look I've got a new remote control, and uh Yeah. That's right. But with colour was a lot more expensive? Or? You don't know? I think so because Yeah. It's a lot more difficult to to handle and to to get in the right shape. Yeah. Change the cases. Yeah. You can sell the cases. Yeah. I think that's a very good option. Because um then you can advertise as well with the Give your grandfather a new case for his remote control, or whatever. Because that's a it's something extra, it's something other remotes don't have, which we can get a great advantage point. So and then you can make them with colour. Black and grey, other colours as well. Costs. Yeah. Yeah. So you suggest we should design two different telephones on which you can apply, yeah remote controls, on which you can apply different case covers, for example. Remote. Yeah. Okay. So everybody's okay with the changing covers? I think that's a good uh good option. Changing case covers. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Uh but the form has to be um It has to It's has to be possible to stand up? Or just only to lie down? And the the cover of the the docking station is also on top of the television then? Or not? And you can just yeah then click it in. That's okay. Um so the interface. What type of interface do we want to use? Um maybe you can make a little drawing of it on the on the the board. Does somebody have ideas for a form or Yep. Mm. Usabili Yeah ease of use will be a lot more difficult, and then it's But you have extra buttons. So people can get confused. Especially if they have the same writings on it. Can't we make uh Can't we make a remote which you can flip over and use on the same functions as the normal one? Then you have to Let's see if I ca A blank one. And then you get Here's a little L_C_D_ screen. Uh now I have to think. It's a plus and a min. No it's not very handy I think. Because the plus and the min will be opposite and all kinds of No that's not gonna work. I guess. Maybe we should Yeah. But is it a problem that left-handed persons use a different hand? I think the functions are that basic that nobody should have any problems with uh choosing a channel or Y yeah. Yeah. I think we could just uh leave it a normal shape. Uh but maybe we have to make it a l a bit more fancy. In one or ano another way. Yeah. Um yeah just Yeah. Easier? 'Kay. I suggest um the single curved, because maybe the curve is pretty good to put the the screen in. Uh so that elderly people can uh use the remote control and at the same time look easily at the screen, because it's a bit, it has a bit of a angle. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. But now it's Do you have it upside down or Do you have it this that's top? Okay. Yeah. So get your mouse. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. But I think it's better to put the screen uh on top. So just flip it a hundred and eighty degrees around then you get here. If you can have this one, you turn it like this. And then flip it upside down. Because uh maybe your hand is in the way, if you have the display here. I think i On top. Yeah.. So then we get Here's That's the curve. Here the display, and then buttons. Yeah and then we can have a little bit off here and here maybe. Just that's for left hand and right hand users. And then h the rest of the buttons over here. Yeah still here jus That's Yeah. Should be more bit more friendly, yeah. 'Kay. Supplements. That's okay. Where's my mouse? Then We've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use. So now for the next meeting uh we'll have to look at the look-and-feel design. It's important that the corporate design image uh is going to be in the remote. So check out the corporate website maybe. The user interface design, it's the same story. And product evaluation. So the Industrial Designer and User Interface Designer are going to work together on this one. But you're going to get your instructions I think sended by the coach. So just um I will put these um minutes on the in the folder. And then we're going to uh try to finish our project, and uh make a good design for all the grandfathers and grandmothers, I think. Which are Uh let's see. I'm not sure if you're going to start right away to work together or I think you're going to fill in the questionnaires first. And then you'll get a message. So that's uh basically it. Maybe this one? Then we can save this one in the folders group. Uh yes, it's here. SMARTboard, there it it. So if you wanna have a look at it, it's over there in the projects folder. And then I guess we'll start in thirty minutes again. Thank you.