Well, I had just a little bit of time, so I hope it's something uh we can work with. But Hmm? Well, I heard that there was a new uh component speech recognition component, which was pretty much up to standard, so we might use that I put that in my drawing, but again I didn't not have that much time. So Okay, that's just super. Let me just uh You need to start it up first? Okay. Okay, what t Okay, yeah. Is that enough? Because I don't really see people shaking their remote control before using it. No. And what does the hand dynamo oh, sorry. Oh. Curves being? Of the remote control itself, okay. I was thinking along the line of one curve. I'll show that in my design. So we'll get back to that. Okay, I t I'd go for plastic because I have a couple of curves in my design. Well, g let's just get back to that. No, wood's not an option. No. Yeah, but it doesn't have to be unbreakable, because we do need to keep selling these thing Okay, well that that's definitely true. Because it well, ru will rubber actually protect the remote control itself? Because it Yeah, but then you buy a new cover. But rubber Okay. Yeah, of cour Yeah, but there is a is it really necessary 'cause a normal push-button can do that job. Yeah, but why would we use it? Perhaps. I have t I have two different Okay. I have two designs, one including uh an L_C_D_ screen, wh which is basically the deluxe edition. And then I also have a standard edition, which wi we can also choose to develop too. Exactly. But we'll Yep. Basically, it Oh, I got I got an email that it's relatively small. Yes, let me just Get back. Well, they b they basically can have speech recognition. I mainly focused on the L_C_D_ uh aspect. 'Cause you wanted to see them, right? So this is basically the deluxe edition. I j Why is it square? It 'cause it's designy. It's basically it has some futuristic Potentially, yeah. I don't really know. But I just thought that uh in normal remote controls you have like smooth curves and this and that, and this is something new, this is something different, something fresh. And basically what you can see here is that it has a little, yeah, let's say gap which you can put your finger in. So you can you can hold it really comfortable, that's basically the idea. Or left hand. I doesn't really matter. As you can see, this is the remote control Uh you can't really see it that well, but this is the L_C_D_ screen. So just imagine it goes that way. Then you can see you can hold it in your left or in your right hand. And I also made a quick image, 'cause I did not have that much time, of the standard edition which has basically the keys are pretty much the same. Yeah. I had to do this really fast. So excuse me for the uh inconvenience here, but as you can see, the keys moved. Yeah. So these are basically the two types we have. So if we were to select the L_C_D_ screen, the transmitter here, you can see the light i Well we can shift that. But normally, as you can see there, we put the uh number buttons right on top. Whereas because we had the L_C_D_ screen here, we had to move them downward, so what you could say is that Because these are basically the functions you use the most. So if you hold it in your hand like this, you put your finger in the gap, this is the m most easy part. Bit. For zapping, cau because people are zapping most of the time. Okay. So that's pretty much ha which I had in mind. As you can see here, this can be spaced for extra keys, which is the design thingys. Yeah. Speech recognition. Then rubber would be the best as a material indeed. If that is the uh It could be a c it could be a cover. But it's not. Our focus is the young audience. So let's stick to that. Yeah, but that's just more a se a seasonal, a trend thing. The idea now is is is that you can uh put a cover on it, for example, with fruit, like a shape or whatever. But not 'cause a n next year it will it'll be something completely different. And then you have your apple-shaped remote control, which is not trendy anymore. So I think that's more something you can focus Well, you can s What you can do is smooth the edges indeed. But that will bring extra c expenses. Well we've got we've got like one curve here. For the gap. And we could have one here. No, no no no no. What I'm just 'cause you mentioned that more curves the more expensive, so I'm just taking that into account. Well we picked rubber, right? So basically what we can do is m make these edges a little bit less sharp. But the problem then is that it will start to resemble m the remote controls as we have them today. We were looking at something fresh, something trendy Okay. Okay, so that's basically silly. But isn't the f the fruit like a cover thing, because we No, but But if we put that directly into the design, we limit ourselves extremely. Because it that's just for one seasonal trend. Okay, so that's well, that's probabl, you'd just like it to go a little bit more like this. Okay. Did you present e everything you wanted to? Okay. Uh we still need to decide on a couple of things you you needed to know. Are we all in agreement about the, well, the primary structure of the of my design? Except for the edges. Like the keys there. Yeah. To create a kind of disco effect when you That was basically what w Light for the finding of the remote. We can also use one light for showing that the signal is being sent. But So we have the teletext we have here, we have the mute. L_C_D_ screen. This is the on off button. Speech recognition, I where did I imagine. I did that pretty much over here, so that you could use it like this and speak to it. Then you have the uh extra keys for teletext, mute, two buttons which can be pretty much anything or nothing. We can also just not use them. Main controls and a key-pad. Will be fine. Yeah, but that would this was just in the design. Because if you I had a square design. So I had square buttons. But in that case the round buttons would be more appropriate. Yeah. The left one is teletext and the right one is mute. And these two buttons are or not necessary or Yeah, the triangles would be best indeed. I personally think that a round b button looks bit silly, but Does everybody agree on that? You prefer a round? Okay. Yeah, you can. But it but it's not necessary, becau We could put our logo there. Oh that could be that b Well now it's getting a little bit too crowded up there. So Is your So it can basically be the button down below or one of the four buttons up there. Because One of the four is better, I suppose. Because it's a little bit confusing to have twelve buttons down there, because you're only accustomed to eleven, I'd say. Oh, we still need an okay button. Well, you could also shift the two buttons to be nicely aligned. Oh, we're pretty much missing an okay button, but we have a button up there which is still free. So Yeah, pretty much. Well, I think it looks better curved. But that's probably uh It can be curved, because that yeah, it's a little bit more trendy to be curved. Hmm? But it pretty much looks like a banana already. Uh It's fruit. Yeah. Or they can design their own cover. We could set up a a marketing uh agreement. Won't that be a problem with the L_C_D_ screen? Yeah, but the L_C_D_ screen probably needs quite the chip. Okay. Okay, that's not a problem. Okay. I think we get the idea. Oh, basically the idea that I had was it to be pretty much in combination with the transmitter. 'Cause you can talk to it like this. Well, the email said it was a quite a small component. So I don't see that. It's a Well, the Yeah, but do you actually need the remote talking back? Beep. At the back, yeah. Like that. Or at the side. Which is. So what's basically edi the editi idea, sorry, now? We need to stay here and work out that. Well, I suppose we'll Pretty much. Yeah, but when you use covers, it basically easier to have a n have a neutral colour on the base. No, we're designing the remote control now, but taking that into consideration, it's better to have a neutral base colour than to have a flashy It is more trendy. That's definitely true. Oh, where would you like to put it? Uh you could use it for the channels and for the volume. But it's has no real added value. Yeah, but if it has no function, then Basically out. I don't see the Do you have all your answers? Okay. Yes, you can colour rubber, yeah.