W sure. Okay uh welcome you all. Components design, um uh first of all uh I would like to uh uh accommodate some of those uh things I uh uh elaborate some of the things I did. I I elaborated on the concept. What should be um uh said about uh the components, uh its properties and what kind of materials should we use to uh to make uh one of those r remote controls. Uh well first of all I've uh d subtracted some of the components that is that are used uh are w w um you know from what uh the remote control's formed. Uh first of all, the case, the case, the surrounding of the of the the remote control. I would like to uh give you an idea of uh how I thought about. Giraffe's gone now. Okay um the case was is made from rubber, I suppose. There's one of the because when you use a remote control a lot of people uh will uh will uh drop their remote control and they break uh becau the uh titanium was also an option. But uh it's a very expensive material. Uh rubber is, I think, uh the best suitable uh material uh to use uh for our uh for our remote control. Um it's poss it's also possible to uh create fancy colours with rubber. Uh rubber l makes it easy to uh to to it lets lets itself colour. Uh titanium uh you have to paint it and with that uh it's possible to scratch it or uh yeah make it ugly. Uh rubber uh the total uh piece of rubber that's sor uh that's that's used uh to make the case is uh the same colour, so if you scratch it it's still the same colour, perhaps uh it's a little bit damaged. But it's a very strong material. Um I h I had an idea single covered uh curved, sorry, single curved. Uh so it's t two dimensional. I think it's uh it's best to draw oh green. Uh New. Blank. Okay. Let's make it uh black. Okay. I thought of an idea like this. Oh that. Um delete. Blank. Okay. So it also looks nice when it's on your table. So you get uh it doesn't lay flat down on the table, but it's c it's stands. Side view yes it's side view so uh I I'm not technically good at th three D_ modelling, but. Um uh it's just an idea I had so it's uh it's very uh so its also looks nice when it's on the table. Um the graphical user interface and the buttons, uh we also thought about that already. Uh I thought about uh the L_C_D_ touch screen, which is uh is easy to clean too. One of the great uh advantages of the L_C_D_ screen you just use some or uh another uh cleaning uh uh cl some cleaning stuff. And um it should be made of strong plastic and it should be bright. Well I already uh s uh explained some properties of that material and I think uh well we also we almost concluded about that uh this should uh be uh our uh button component. So uh uh that's all about uh the buttons. Uh the batteries, uh we also thought about that already, uh will be chargeable with uh uh an option for a mount station so you can uh put the uh the remote control in a mount station so its charges itself up instead of uh plugging it in or something like that. Questions,? Okay. And they should be long lasting, not uh not be empty uh in about uh two minutes or uh thirty minutes or forty minutes of use. And next step is the chip uh th the component that's uh makes or transmits the signal to the television. Uh there was an option to use s a rather simple chip but I think uh because uh of our uh highly uh requiring uh requirements, there should be an advanced chip in it with uh also the ability to uh facilitate speaker speech recognition uh which unfortunately is still in a test phase, so uh there should be some more uh investigation on that side. Uh my personal preferences uh I also overheard in the last meeting that there shou we should use uh our own business colours. That was correct, wasn't it? Okay. I think they are rather boring for um for use with rubber. Okay they should be m sh they should be in mind, wasn't it? Okay so it d it doesn't says uh to uh have the slogan? Okay okay. Well that's possible of course. We could make a little R_ and R_ on the top of the machine. Uh so they are pretty boring, I suggest, because just the availability with rubber to make fantastic colours uh and also in a lot of possible colours, so it's possible to make very uh fancy uh remote controls which peopl uh who people in which people will find they're uh interesting. And uh will buy uh them faster when they look at the same old grey or black uh colours. Uh s as I said uh before rubber is uh is impossible to damage severely imp instead of uh of course you can break it when you you when you break it in s for example with a pair of scissors or something like that, but i if you drop it it's not uh broken uh right away s instead of using uh plastic, hard plastic or uh titanium. And I personally liked uh the single curved uh remote control, because it yeah it makes sense. Okay. Well that's all about my uh my findings. Mm. Mm. Mm. Oh my God. Not just a P_. Oh okay. ... Ah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Oh okay, yeah. Oh yeah,. Mm. Okay. Go Danny, go Danny. Fruity? Fruity. Mm. Okay. Mm. Okay. Changing just the shape of the uh remote control? Yeah, s round corners, but s but square, yeah. Yeah. Yeah I know what you mean, kind of like a. Yeah. Kinda like a beer glass. Yeah. I know what you mean. It's also easy to to have to to put in your hand. Yeah. Will recognise that's as a remote control. Uh when I saw your d Oh. Huh. Yeah, kinda like old cars, uh Let's put it all together. Uh. Yeah. Soft rubber. Yeah I know what you Um. It should shouldn't be. Uh. Spongy. Yeah. Ding ding. Um I also s uh can't help but notice that you uh used an you had a remote control and the L_C_D_ screen was uh rather small. Um. ... This was your size, but I think it should be larger. Yeah, three quarters. So uh so you don't have to put your oh. Uh new, blank. So uh when you get this uh Uh kinda like this. Or should it be larger? Larger? Because you want to put your hands You want Yeah. Your thumb here. Yeah. Because when you put your f Yeah but if yo if you make the the L_C_D_ screen as large as the remote control itself, uh you'll you'll always get some You Yeah. Going to be very greasy and stuff. Yeah you don't want it too small. How yeah how large Yeah they have thick fingers. But if you wanna make it in international, Japanese uh people got uh rather small hands and we got these large Zoom opt Ah yeah of course, yeah. You can make it larger to to uh to uh with accompanying uh greater fields to push the button. Your fingers, yeah. You don't want uh Because if you lose the pen uh if you lose the pen uh you can't use Yeah You can do whatever uh any uh cloth. Sure. The docking station. W Yeah. I kinda like your Yeah you got some uh some of those uh uh wireless uh mice? Mouse. Computer mouse. Kinda like those kind of batteries. Yeah. The chip on print? Um Uh you gotta f Yeah. I think so. Chip on print with a with a simple uh a sim not a simple but a We also discussed that. Didn't we? Uh Beg your pardon? Yeah sure, of course, yeah. Well uh chip on print, I think what they mean uh with the regular rubber buttons that you got, uh it's always clear for the remote control when you press uh a certain button. But when you got a L_C_D_ screen, with no uh with not the buttons are not always on the same place, for example if you enlarge a button, or if you got several options uh appearing on your screen, uh the co-ordinations aren't always the same. When you got a regular button, th the button of stand-by is always on the same place and you got on the and on the Yeah. I suppose so. It is a simple C_P_U_ but it doesn't Yeah because it has to uh b Yeah but it the the remote control has to know whether you're in a settings menu or just uh you just want to turn up the volume. So it has to have some kind of a calculation unit or C_P_U_ to know uh in which state you are and uh which button you are pressing in at the right moment. Yeah. And a touch screen makes it uh possible to uh to get the co-ordination of your finger on the screen. And the case, yeah we already discussed the case, we wanted to make it from rubber and uh Uh hard rubber I think. That's the easy to ha uh to to uh Yeah. Yeah sure, look. D It's our main target. Well and how about my idea uh of making it um with one single curve? So i Because it's a gadget and you want to show it off, of course. Uh. Because it Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot easier. So, so you got uh Did you write that down? Uh got a single curved uh rubber f uh fancy coloured remote control. Yeah. Sorry? Depends on the screen. If you make the screen vertical it doesn't matter. If you make it uh in a rectangle I so it's it's it's it's Square. Oh, okay. Uh. Take your time. W We'll leave that to the usability engineering then. Yeah. Consistency. Yeah. So not how much n not how often it's used, but Uh. Yeah it does it doesn't really matter, but Uh. Okay, um. Let's cut to the chase. Okay, well le Yeah. Interface, yeah. Technologies, uh. Yeah. Makes it possible to Mm. Not even necessary, because a lotta you can make a very sensitive microphone, so it makes it possible to uh just put it arou uh underneath it or on the on the bottom of the uh remote. Yeah. Right. But that's not import I think that's not im very important because yeah, it doesn't matter where the microphone is. Ah okay, sure, okay, well tha Underneath? Indeed. It shouldn't be uh very uh visible. Yeah sure, why no Yeah but it doesn't makes it uh any more fancy because you get to see uh Uh. Yeah, okay. Okay. Well put it there. I don't mind. That doesn't doesn't really matter. Okay. So? Interface type. The L_C_D_ yeah, uh supplements well the supplement is to yeah. Hey,. Use the scroll. Yeah I think so too. So why not, on on side. Fast, yeah. So if you've got a settings, if you Yes. You have a lot of options, because when you use Yeah you get w when you use uh the settings menu for example to look up some uh uh some channels on your uh on your television, you should scroll scroll down uh on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen. So then it's uh very handy to to scroll down, you make just a rubber just like uh on your mouse or. Just put it on the side and it's very easy to use. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay, what's the standard colour? I I You got you got different colours, but you should have a standard colour. Black? With the with the yellow uh Just a regular uh remote colour. And then have uh different covers uh to use. Silver, yeah. You see a lot of t uh silver televisions. Yeah y I think it's better to Yeah th yeah. That's right. But if you use uh silver, uh rubber s silver rubber isn't fancy. When you use titanium, silver is fancy, but when you use silver rubber, it isn't fancy. Silver has to shine, and rubber doesn't shine. Especially when it's made of soft rubber like this. You understand? Yeah. Fruity. Fruity loops. Okay. You ping. Well not what to do. Not what to do. Look. Okay. Thin I think we should work. Thank you very much.