Hello. 'Kay. Newsflash? D did I miss something? Okay. No. Mm. I think you have to uh change your desktop uh size. computer is uh not functioning? Uh display. And then uh settings? Mm I'm not sure I. No. Okay. Format. I made uh uh my own map. It's a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah wa wa you actually Yeah. But it it's not clear what you have to to to type uh type in your presentation. Yeah. Really. Okay. Yeah. I was wondering uh But you you've got more information than uh. But where did you get uh that information? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm. It's F_ five. Okay. Oh. What is this? Oh no. How do I uh No no no. I pressed the mouse button. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Um if you all go stand around uh Computer Um No. Okay. I uh had uh two examples. Um this one is the the yeah the advanced one with a lot of options and functions and buttons. This the easy one I think we have to to combine them. And uh yeah merge the best functions of all examples. Um but yeah the the age is uh under forty? So we Okay so so we have the option for more functions. Um yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah this this one we can remove for kids. It's just only for adults so uh we can uh use some advanced options. But Yeah but I prefer we we uh use the the basic options uh yeah. We have to to make them very easy so for just uh zapping around the channels you can just push one button. But if you want to to use your your video recorder or something else, you should use use an uh an advanced option. Okay one device. Okay. I didn't see. Okay and I also uh yeah. W yeah. We have to make it fashionable. Like you uh said uh before. Uh yeah the basic functions. Um yeah only use a extra function if they are really needed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did I uh did I break it? For for the advanced functions I think. Like searching for channels and Yeah. Okay. That's uh I'm al I'm almost finished so Um the we have to to to watch out for the i if we make it f very fashionable, it it the functional functionality will go down. So we have to make uh a compromise between functionality and fashional fashionable yeah content and form. Now that that was uh was the end. Yes. Yeah. Okay shou should we make a list of the of all the functions we want uh Yeah. But uh it's it's also for children or just uh Okay. Okay. Yeah. We we have to And if we have a larger public we have uh yeah more options to to uh sell our product. Yeah that's that's why uh I wanted to to make yeah two uh different uh yeah groups of functions. The the simple functions for for the the whole public, and the the advanced options for the younger people yeah who are more yeah experienced with uh Na I w I should uh put uh the the yeah the extra advanced options on the onto the onscreen display. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. L left top or right uh top? Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah but if you are using the the normal functions, the the basic functions, you normally press them on the u yeah. Yeah. You broke it. Yeah yeah. And volume control. Yeah. Yeah. And do we need a a logo on our uh remote control, or On the left uh top yeah. Okay. Yeah may maybe because you're Yeah okay but only for the basic functi if you're going to use the advanced option, you're going to press the the menu button and then yeah. Yeah. Okay the yeah. That's possible. Yeah, okay. Okay we put it on top. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If we Yeah it it's just a remote control so Yeah. Television uh itself uh Mm. We we could make an option for it, but uh you can disable s Yeah. But uh the the television itself has also the the options brightness and uh screen colour etcetera. So yeah. Okay. Yeah. No that's Okay On the uh yeah can you i make a a map with with all the yeah 'cause it's now there are lots and lots of documents and The the layout of the remote control? Isn't that more the the u uh the user interface part? Yeah. But do I have to to uh to yeah to make the the menu layout also? Or Are you going to do that? Yeah? I I'm going to make yeah o okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Y you you are going to make a list of what functions are uh are going to to be on the the screen, the menu screen. And I'm going to make a a nice menu uh with with pages and yeah. Yeah. Yeah. W we Uh I think we have to to group, to make two groups. Um the one group for the for the display, and one group for the basic functions, and Yeah okay but we we have a m yeah but maybe that's that's not uh yeah if you're if you're z zapping uh with your uh yeah remote control, you can press the the menu button, and then you are suddenly into the the yeah the display. Yeah. Yeah j just just group group the yeah we make these the advanced functions and these the basic functions. So we make a yeah a line between them. F oh yeah. Okay yeah we swap uh Okay. Yeah. So we make it a Okay. Uh Yeah. So we have a a menu button and a s Okay. Okay and back button. Yeah I'm I'm not s clear about uh the the extra two buttons. We have a menu button and That's the the one with the yeah okay. Okay. Okay so that that's not uh Yeah that Those are multifunctional. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No Yeah. So maybe make one uh one okay button and and one navigation button. Yeah the with with the the channel and the volume uh yeah m a multifunctional navigation button. Yeah okay. Yeah. But do we have to write uh to write down uh the our stuff now? Or first lunchbreak? Because I I've everything in my head now so Okay. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. Yes sir. Oh no no. Okay. And uh we have to make uh some maps with uh with the all the the data we uh gathered.. It's it's just my own map so I put everything into the But you got some extra information uh Okay. But where do you did you get the newsflash? You're the only one uh okay. Okay. Yeah.