Hello. Yes, I made it. English from now on. Drawing or Yeah. Ooh it works. Spicy. Where are are all the other presentations? The conceptual or Ah. Because I see only my own presentation yeah. This? I'll just put it in there. Or not. Ah, I can't cut and paste it into the other folder but Move to meeting room. Yeah. Yeah me too,. Yeah. Yes. Me first again or yeah. Alright. Did you open it already or no. Ah. Ah. Yes. So welcome to the marketing presentation once again. Um this time about trendwatching. Uh well there has been inv investigation again, in the in the remote control market. Uh it shows a number of developments. Uh I will address them uh in a moment. Um fashion watch watchers uh have detected the trends for young public, because that's our public. Um well fruit and vegetables will be will be the most important theme for clothing, uh shoes and furniture. And the feel of the material is expected to be spongey. So um the developments I will address them oh yeah well this is the fruit and vegetables looks of fresh bright colours. So to give you an idea. Um well the developments? Uh development one. Uh well most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look-and-feel. Instead of the current uh functional look-and-feel. Um well fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and the interface. And the second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological uh innovative. Um well it stands for the use of technical features that do not exist in current remote controls. I think we pretty much covered that with our screen and um and speech recognition, so I don't expect that to be a problem. And the third development um is that the remote control should be easy to use. Um Well the first aspect uh was twice as important as the second aspect,w which was twice as important as the third aspect. So um that kind of gets you this ratios. So fancy look-and-feel uh is the most important uh point of attention. Uh so the fruits and vegetables in combination with the spongey material. Um well technolog technological innovation, we've covered that pretty much I guess. Um and easy to use, I don't think that will be problem. So my point of attention is especially this part. That this will be a crux. So that was the marketing uh presentation. I had only one document left. So kind of this So a k a small example. Kind of this this look. Uh nothing about the buttons but just sponge kind of thing, and and some fruit and colours I dunno. Just made a quick design. Alright. Yeah. It's okay. F_ five. Yeah. Wi an indoors. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I guess we can only choose one. Yeah. And it's more fun. Yeah, just playing with it and especially when the material's rubber. It can be done, I mean, you can't harm it, so it's a perfect combination I guess. Yeah. So So double curved is like this, this, this, or Mm. Yeah. Also in in height? Yeah okay. Yeah with the programme. And and the and the buttons that you need to control it, I guess. Yeah. Back and okay. No. Rubber material. So that's uh is that is that the advanced chip? Wow. Yeah. Alright. Kinetic. Double curved.. The cost of making it should be twelve and a half? Yeah, so it's cheap. Um well the interface type supplements. If you go to your homepage or something, you should get your own information. I got my fresh and fyoo fruity uh picture uh also uh over there, so No. Too less time. Yeah, also the menu. Yeah that that w Yeah. Yeah I was thinking of that also, with with a with a uh arrow. So that indicates that there's an menu under that menu. So Oh yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Cool. S underwater uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. Also a kind of rubber uh Yeah. That should be nice. So s Yeah there's only in in this dimension. Like this. So curvy or not. Yeah so we keep it singly c single curved then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So from top view it looks kinda like this. But from the side you you can have it also in a kind of shape. Maybe because the the screen is on top you can have Maybe you can c have this kind of shape. A little upwards. So that the screen is more towards yourself, so you can easily see your screen. Well well you have it in your hand so it's a kind of an angle from your eyes to the screen. So then you have double double curved in some way. So this this is so the screen is positioned over here. Oh. Something like that. And the buttons are more, well it's very thick now but That's uh that's Yeah? That that you can press it and then it comes up? Or But then the side view can be straight. If you have a pop-up screen. But I dunno if that's too expensive. I mean maybe it's too much Oh the advanced buttons. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So okay b but you have t you need some button to flip this open. Yeah. Yeah and it says menu and it flips open and then you have the buttons to control it, in combination with your True. It uh c it can go open. An adv an adv and it will be covered in some kind of uh thin rubber layer or something like that. Yeah, uh It's very no it's very strong. Yeah. Yeah the lower part doesn't work I guess, so maybe you should try it over there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but but that's optional for later I guess. I mean, we have to make Yeah we we better so choose one Yeah so okay we should better choose one sh one shape. But that's the kind of the idea, so it lays good in the hand, and then on on the side with with your thumb, you you can you can use, yeah, you can use the button option Spongey. Spongey can be reached by means of Yeah. And and the and the control thngs in the middle? The the the arrows? Yeah and then numbers. Yeah. Alright. Uh pretty nice design. Yeah. Yeah it looks uh pretty fancy.. Uh bananas wierd shape and other fruits also, so it's better to have um some sort of basic print and then a fruit print in some primary uh colours. I don't know what what colours should the basic print be like? Like some soft green or something? Or and then Oh yeah yeah, dark blue and then and then very bright, uh a yellow banana, an orange, uh a green apple, stuff like that, with very uh bright tones I guess. So you have something like Yeah. Mm. That doesn't really work. To draw, I guess. Oh. What's this? Right. Hm. Yeah. Two hours further. thickness. Oh. Oh. Wh why not go for the twenty? Yeah. That's what I call painting. So that's that's a dark blue basic colour I guess. It's pretty nice. And then uh Oh Yeah with some some yellow banana Like. Yeah? How do you mean? Some some Yeah an orange. Well alright well this is more like purple I guess, but it's should be more real dark blue, so the contrast with the with the fruit objects is uh pretty high. So uh yeah. That would be a nice uh nice device I guess. I mean, the the colour of the background of the display? Ah well I don't guess it s has to be a sixty uh sixty six five thousand uh colour, so yeah too expensive. So just just a a blue blue backlight or something like that. Green is too old-fashioned. But blue, blue's okay. J White backlight, and dark. Yeah. Whatever which is visible. I know you sh you should test it under uh under a light conditions. I mean it's hard to tell uh I dunno. Yeah. True. Which which uh colour should the buttons be? Why adjustable? No uh But maybe I mean they have to they have to have some colour right? And if the background is very dark blue Yeah? So more like Doesn't work very well. Uh. More like this colour. And then then yellow and orange and red objects on it or something. But then then again, which colour should the buttons be? The the press buttons. Should they be white or black or Uh Yeah but it's pretty fresh, on the other side. Yeah. My couch is in that colour. Yeah. Well it works pretty well. And then time was up. Uh. That you have five minutes left or So something like this. That should be pretty nice colour. But maybe the buttons, all buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colourblind people. Because the of the green. Yeah. Yeah? Yeah. Okay. So red buttons are okay? How do you mean? Yeah. No that's that's too busy I guess. You better bet better better keep the LED and the button itself in the same colour I guess. So just an extra bit of light and attention. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Of the product? Which we don't have yet. So wh how should I do that? Oh okay. Or you you or you send it to me. Or just because you are going to design it on this board right? Yeah. I I probably get instruction on that, how to do that, so I make another presentation I guess. I kn I know what's gonna happen in in yeah so I've a basic idea. Yeah. Yeah. Alright so that's uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. On the left. S so, yeah. Yeah. This? Uh pretty accurate. Oh we skip this I guess. Sound button press. Light only button user ca user interaction. Yeah. Yeah. So the pl the plastic plastic buttons also help uh because of um they are only lit during interaction. So Well it's a good thing that the buttons aren't um, well that they are plastic, because then you can light up the light on when when they are usable. Maybe you should draw it very large like this. Oh right. Erase? Yeah. Much easier, yeah. I don't see a sign that the meeting is over yet but Yeah. Oh. Wrong one. Alright. But we we I is it if if this is from the side woah. Steady. Because there the screen goes up like that right? So then it's like this, or that's not convenient because then you have the screen like this and look like the it's better to have it somewhat like this. Or does it flip all the way? It's better to to have this like this I guess, and then flip it like this. Yeah. So w yeah. But we still keep the flipping mechanism. Yeah. Yeah but maybe Yeah but maybe we we should then Yeah there the middle Sh sh shouldn't we integrate it? And then like i oh th doh. Come on. So this is the shape. Oh. It hasn't Okay but the screen is a bit lower because if it falls on the other side, it doesn't fall on the screen. So there's a layer of rubber on the side. So no flipping but just no. Throwing and the kinetics. Oh. We better make we better make it like this. Eventually. Yeah. Uh they are responsible enough to have a mobile phone, so also to to deal with their uh remote uh control. Yes. Yeah? Ooh. Yeah. Alright. Good. Yeah. We should work in our own room right? Or not? Yeah. Yes. See you two in half an hour uh