That's the same as uh on the top of it uh with the the round uh button. But uh we don't uh we don't uh we do think it's um well what if with ease of use, w which prefers the which the the customer of the user prefers. Plastic or rubber. Well, yeah. And a button for disabling the voice recognition. Yeah. That's the basic idea, yeah. Of our prototype. So just walk through it step by step. I mean, is it fancy, everything I believe uh I believe it's fancy. Oh, sorry. Twenty two. Yikes. Why does the price and and the s oh, one uh exa yeah. The number of uh yeah. And and does it But that's that's only for the buttons. So the button we can use plastic. And the pla uh And a plastic b just plastic buttons, a plas uh instead of rubber. Yeah, too bad. Mm-hmm. Um the yellow rubber, I think so. I'm into it. It's trendy trendy, fun yeah. Well, just give it a two. It's not the ultimate uh fancy two, but Yeah, but that's sti that's uh Looking at the user uh needs, we only uh don't we don't have the double-curved case. We w we do have uh the rubber, we do have the colours. That's two out of three. So I believe uh we are close uh to two. But that's not in it. Ov or can we Okay. And the scroll uh wheel. The solar not many remotes have the solar, I think. Yeah. Well yeah, the voice recognition of course is hard to learn, I think. Well, hard it's not for the for the e for the elderly. They won't use it. I think I think a three. Wouldn't give it more. Yep. If you make it a four it will be three in general. If he makes it a four. Not a three. Darn. Nee. A seven, a three No. A four and a three together. Yeah, you have a two, he has a two. Three? And a three? Nee. I know. Yes. So if you want to have the conclusion as a three three. Then you would make a four. If you fill out a four Yeah, we haven't re uh re uh really worked it out, but you c you can you can just say find and he repeats find. Yeah, but that's the that's the the basic idea of the the speaker uh But even without it Yeah. Me too. Was it one of our options? So, in the in Yeah. But I think in this case in this case we've done the best we could. I wan I'll take one. It will be a one. Yeah, but it ha doesn't has the digits. I believe it's If you uh ask yourself it offers enough features, I don't I don't think it is it has all the features um a normal remote has. Yeah. I'll give a two. But we could couldn't uh what what's the selling price? Fifty? Uh twenty five. And costs were twelve fifty. But even now, if only our production costs w uh were exceeded the double, Think. Production cost was were t uh was twenty two? So uh selling price uh would be uh yeah. That's price, but w w No. An original remote control of any T_V_ kind, uh a Phillips remote control, y you pay uh Yeah, I kn I know uh from a few years ago, it it it costed hundred Gilders. Four six seven eight. Nine divided by six. Hmm. Yeah, I think uh The process was good. But w um we weren't aware of the prices of the costs. And and that was the the big deal. I if we knew that before, we c we could have made the the choice between what yeah. No, no. Fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Response and Uh it it has yeah. Yeah, it's not accurate. The p the pointing of the pen is not um the place where it it writes its um uh where it uh Yeah, where it draws. It's uh the drawing on on the b on the board is r right from the pen. So uh You to take in account that your you m yeah uh It's too slow Hmm. Yep. If it has O_C_R_, uh I think uh I would use, but uh I I just uh took notes for myself and and and that's it. It w it w yeah. It was necessary for me to uh Yeah, because if I want something on the computer, I just type it. I type faster than I write. So Economic. Yeah. But y you can if you save this image, you can open it in your shared work folder. So it's almost yeah. Yep. Mm-hmm.. A and the function of of filling an an uh an oval or an an object. I it's not possible yeah. Oh it looks like paint actually. Great. It was a privilege working with you. To private rooms? But you see the problem, y you can't continue your uh your line. Well, it's fluffy alright. Spongy. A giraffe? Right.. Leave it here. That's alright.