Bonjour. Why? Okay. Check check check check. The power light doesn't work. You turned it off. Okay. Oh. Hmm. Uh Shall I start? No. Okay well I received an email Okay. I searched the web, uh and uh I searched uh on this d document, recent investigation of the remote control market. It has been done in Italy uh Italy and in uh another country in Europe, I forget it. Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look and feel. So it's very important for us to create something new. So what Michael just said, it must be uh some very different from ordinary uh remote controls. Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface. Uh this uh aspect is the most important one. Uh it came out of the research. It uh is twice important as the following. The second uh most important aspect is that a remote control should it uh technological innovative. Uh that stands for uh uh new technical uh features. And then uh that uh This is a point of discussion, because we just decided that we don't make use of uh L_C_D_ or uh speech recognition. But um this is the second uh important uh aspect, and I think uh we must use some of the new technology, to be uh innovative. Uh maybe maybe something new. We have to discuss about it s uh Okay, uh features not uh do not exist in current remote controls. And that's very hard I think. Uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use. But uh that was an overall uh point. We already discussed that. Um I've got one picture. Uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy. So I took uh that part of the webpage. And it says uh fashion-watchers of uh uh Pari uh France and uh Italy, yeah, uh have detected the following trends. This trends I th uh trend I think it's not um that meaningful for us, maybe. But it's about uh clothes and shoes. But the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year, the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy. But spongy, what what does spongy says? Spongy. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, it's something that uh it stand there. But I didn't knew uh knew what it means. So spongy means y Yeah. So it's also a stress-ball. Uh Okay? What do I think? Uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control, I think about changeable fronts. Uh maybe a see-through one in a a fruit front. Because it's uh it's hot. And uh some basic uh colour fronts. Uh so we can make uh five different fronts to start with or something. Uh maybe an extraordinary shape, like a sponge. Uh or uh, yeah, just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has. Just uh something round in it, or uh maybe not uh not uh Yeah, I dun dunno. We have to discuss about that. Uh y yeah. Main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative. Yeah, how do we do that? Maybe speech? We ma must have some kind of gadget. So Intro Yeah. Yeah, that's the problem. That's the main problem. So Maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations. Okay. Uh let's first watch Paul's presentation first then. Oh. It's mass production. So you can say, you can Yeah. But how uh we we're gonna make many of those. So we can start a mass production, and then the cost will still will be. Yeah. Okay. That was this? No, I don't uh I don't like it. Okay. Square. Like. Mm. Oh yeah. Uh uh Yeah. The the the new uh new modern uh remote controls, uh the buttons are part of the uh the style, I think is part of the remote control itself. It it's one uh a one uh out of one shape. Uh it's n doesn't Is uh a button uh um How do you say it? It it didn't it i it don't come out of the on the background. It is in uh the c a remote control uh Yeah. Yeah. Uh i Yeah, but can you change it if you already bought the the remote control? You Hmm. Okay yeah, you can you can change Yeah. No. Ah cool. Okay. Okay. Mm Uh but we have to do something about the trend. The trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh. And uh now we have nothing about uh about those those two. Uh yeah i Just Just on front. Neith uh I don't like it uh neither. Yeah, that's not not It's not al uh always the same. Every remote control's uh different. Yeah, we have to care that it r uh looks really new. Because uh we still hold on to the uh ordinary uh uh square uh remote control. 'Cause wha what I see the only difference i i i in fact is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside. Yes. Okay. And a bit uh Some some kind of bling bling uh mm can we have Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then? Uh five or something? Or more or And um uh uh buy the product. You buy, you get one. And uh basic. Or you can choose one uh if you buy the project. Yeah, you sl uh you let it slide in the docking station. Yeah. Yeah, we can b It c it could be just just a square, just a packet. Yeah, but that's a round one. Maybe we can choose then. Yeah. Yeah. What do we do wrong? Hmm. Just just more like this and not uh a square. Okay. Yeah, it Uh it's very annoying. Okay. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh the t the trend is spongy and fruity. But yeah. It's not not a lot of trends I uh I found uh Uh It The th th Yeah. There is one There's just one overall important aspect is that we must make it fancy and it looks original, and I hope we can uh make it look not like the iPod itself. It must have uh uh uh a very different Yeah, they're all the same. Uh yeah, but uh if you the f uh front, the scroll wheel will still uh be yellow. No. If you set the pen yeah, he will draw here. Doesn't work. Yeah, I'll see it. Uh No. Oh that's hard. But Uh the ma the main points I I I uh just said. We have to be original and uh technological innovative. Becau Yeah. But Ma But we don't have any f information about the cost. We started with information about the cost was now th And how much is the chip? The the the And how how does it work? Is it No. Does it say does it say something back? Okay. Um Yeah. Fine.