Yes. Sorry, a little bit of pl little problem with computer.. Uh. Yeah, sure, no problem. Um there was a little problem with my computer so not uh the whole uh presentation uh Yeah. Um Okay, and I want to open the my s oh no. Oh no, that's okay. Uh slide show. Yes. The functional requirements, it's uh uh very important for uh the user, he he wants to yeah. The the method we used uh it it's not m not a slide, because it went wrong, but the method we use uh, um we tested it w uh with uh a hundred uh men, and we asked them to w uh what the remote uh f feel uh like and uh what what's uh important. Uh People, sorry. Both women and men, yeah. Okay. Uh the findings um uh seventy five percent of the users find most remote controls ugly. Um Yeah, and yeah, most th th they want to spend money for a better system, for better remote control, so we can do uh a l a little uh nice things with it, and um they use yeah, they use zap a lot, um uh fifty percent say they only So that's the most important things. Um oh yeah, not all of it is it on mine on my PowerPoint presentation, but um uh the relevant buttons are the power, the channel selection and the volume selection. It's uh the most basic buttons that a user wants uh to use. Uh less important is tel teletext, uh um they use it, but it's not uh very uh important uh on the scale of zero to ten they six and a half uh and but not important is the channel selection, the the hmm? Oh, the the no no no no no, that's very important, but uh w and not important in the audio settings, display settings and uh Yeah. Um new preferences preferences. Uh um um beep to find your control, was that was in the test, the the most people uh f find it uh irritating uh when they cannot find a rem their remote control, so uh I think it's a bee beep to sound it and uh you can find it. And another thing uh they want was uh speech recognition um so they can say uh what they want to let's go to channel one and uh that's uh kind of things. And they want maybe an uh L_C_D_ screen um to to look it um wh what's on every channel uh and uh what do I want with it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Uh my personal preferences is uh a button for my favourite channel, so I can uh I dunno, so I can zap to my uh f uh quick uh to my favourite channel wh what I uh so, the remote mu must see or um must um see wha what mine preferences are for which channel, so I can zap t to What? Yeah. Yeah. Recognise Yeah. Yeah, that's uh what my personal preference like. No, itself. Maybe it's easier to to sell it, but I don't know it's manageable, but we will uh we will see. Yeah, it's a little bit uh it's the end of it. It's a little bit uh I lost it, the computer uh crashed, so. Yeah. Darn computer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm uh. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. B Yeah, and they want to pay for it and uh With more Where with more technical specifications in the Yeah. Yeah. But oh? Yeah, with with an L_C_D_ screen you can Why? Nokia w Uh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm uh. Yeah. Um Everyone uh wants to buy it, so we w yeah. Yeah. Or one. Or when you say one two uh i it uh it's enough, right? But Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But b But every Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um yeah. And uh with different colours uh. Okay. Yeah. Uh. And a light uh Volume. Uh it's it's fine, I think. Oh d Yeah. Just And L_E_D_ uh on it. Just a light on it or Very important. Oh, that's It's And But you r And you are reading from the t you always read from the top to the the bottom of it. Yeah, so it's Yeah. So i it's sorry? No, it's no. Uh. Hmm. Or or with the volume selection. Around uh not uh not at top at the around the volume selection. I don't know where exactly, but Wha No. Yeah. Yeah, that's better. On the right. Yeah. Maybe it's more ex expensive. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah yeah. Yeah, that's g But Which Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, they want to pay for it. Yeah. Th uh there was not a el ask esque But But f hmm. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My computer crashed, so uh I lost my uh presentation, but I have the uh Yeah, but I Here I have the the s the homepage of uh our internet, and here is my here is my marketing report, maybe you ca you can look at uh that and Ah yeah. And one And uh wha what people want, I've uh I have another thing uh Yeah. Um Uh what I al already said is the the uh the remote controls are always lost, but it it's also for people, they want to learn it fast, not uh they want to No It's yeah, it's easy to learn wi and uh Um And The If Um If um Another thing I want to say is that uh we are looking at the market for the age uh younger than forty. Um on my report, I didn't uh ish I didn't show it in my uh presentation, because my computer crashed. Um they want to pay for an L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition. So i yeah. Yeah, and Yeah. Uh but If if they So uh we can We can look at the possibilities for an uh L_C_D_ and uh I dunno. Yeah. How much it will cost and Um It will come uh Yeah. Different colours maybe. But all Okay. If you're reading from top to bottom, I think it's better to put it uh at the top. It's j Uh. But i if you if you are going to uh put the L_C_D_ on it, I think it's very important to use it, uh because it's use it uh But nee the function of it. So you can use it maximum, because uh it's a lot it costs a lot. So Yeah. It's expensive to build it, so you must use the maximum of it. Huh. Uh. But uh Yeah, I know uh. In middle of it. In the middle. Yeah. It's the most import yeah.. Finish meeting now. It's on your computer. Uh. Or And uh what about speech recognition uh Yeah, yeah, but or or an L_C_D_ or an uh speech. I think it's L_C_D_ is better now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay, yeah, that's yeah, that's okay. Oh, good. Yeah. Same...