Hello. Ah. Plate? Uh I also forgot my mouse, but I don't need my mouse, I think. Damn computers. Can you hear me? Hello? Test. I dunno. Check. Okay. I think it works. Mm-hmm. We're gonna make a remote control. Press F_ eleven. Folder, yes. Ah I can see it now. It look like a dinosaurs. Okay. Let me try one. Okay. Mm. Okay and then uh what's the colour? How do I do Ah. I'll take this one. Uh there has to be water, but Yeah yeah, but it's an animal it's an animal that lives in the water. So I first uh draw the water. Uh. Okay, and now I make the animal. It's a fish. Mm-hmm. So. Um This is a worm. Okay, who next? Uh Okay. Well Paul? I think it's a pig. Or a dog. A sheep? No. Yeah yeah, it's a real pen. Oh. Y you can you can't edit in the edit it in Word. Oh, okay. Half past ten. Brilliant. Yep. Yeah, my first question was does it have to be a a universal remote control? Because we sell it uh uh uh lonely from the t and not with the television, we sell it uh apart. So I Because Yeah, I know uh you can buy a re a universal uh control for uh only twenty uh Euros Yeah, I think. Okay. Well I th I thought about um making it the same uh style as the television, we don't have uh the same television uh all the time, so uh that's no matter. Um if we uh control the V_C_R_ and the D_V_D_ player player with it uh it has to be clear, because uh kids and uh elderly are gonna use it, so uh it's not only for the uh technical persons. Um I think it must be a very good control, so you can uh uh uh act uh use it from uh everywhere in your room, the the infrared uh thing must be from very good quality. No. Yeah. I dunno um Yes Ah that's that's Ah right right. Oh that's good, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but Yeah but it's not reachable I think, touch screen. And we have to care for uh the strength of the remote control, because uh uh remote controls are most uh things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often uh broken. Yeah and a lots uh uh lots of kids use it and touchscreen is not uh kids uh Um Ma maybe a home station. Yeah. Ah yeah. Yeah, but a home station is uh a really good idea, because uh lots of people are uh lose their remote control and don't know where it is, and now you can put it always at the same place. Maybe it's Therefore it's a good idea, but maybe it's expensive. Yeah. You can yeah, you can buy it with it. Oh yeah. Uh I I set something on paper already, size, looks, uh usable, uh the buttons on usable places, uh the the on off button must be on top, uh it has to lay good in the hand, you you have to uh Yeah, I don't I don't know I don't know if we You can make it very special, to create our own um looks, but it's very hard to Nah. Yeah yeah, what Paul already said. Uh on on top are the the basic options on top, and if you fold it open Mm. If you if if you make to fold open it's or also an uh the strength uh is not s as good as a normal uh remote control. Okay. Um for m for me uh the Marketing Expert, the user requirements uh specification, do I need to think as a user, a as a a a only the looks and the Okay. Yeah, it's also about strength and uh for everything uh. Okay. Yep. Okay. Yeah, me too. Okay, well done. Oh Paul. Ciao. Bye bye.