Hi. Yeah, true. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yes, I can go ahead. Last presentation. Okay. Well, I'm going to give a presentation abut some of the technical functions of these design and uh usability functions. Um what's my opinion about what's most important to combine the design, technical possibilities and the user friendliness in one, so if you um going to design a remote that looks good, that shouldn't weigh over the uh if it's possible to make, of course, but also the user friendliness, so tha that's that's some of the main points. And another one is um the use um of many functions will will make it more difficult, so use as as little functions as possible or at least don't display them all at once on the same remote. If you have fifty functions you don't want fifty buttons uh t uh to be shown at the same time, 'cause when you visit an internet uh site you don't want fifty links uh to see, but maybe use a hierarch hierarchy uh structure. And uh well one of the ideas was maybe uh use touch screen, but s I don't know in how far that is possible, since we are sticking to uh um infrared and and the remote cannot receive anything, but uh we might uh consider that. Um well, of course I I hope this is all clear to you. If you you can use remote like this with all the functions, many functions, but Well, your thumb is a little bigger than th it than this. You have to be very careful what you push, and um if you're looking for teletext you'll be uh searching for half an hour from uh um yeah well, where is it? Where the hell he here I guess and, yeah, when you have to uh use something else. So just keep it simple, make clear buttons, easy to use. For example if you want to use a play and back and stop, that's very important. Um well this was because of our last discussion, if multiple machines are used, create easy switch between the machines, but um it's no longer uh applying. Well yeah, I prefer to use it only for T_V_ and um n uh not to give too many options and and if possible, uh the buttons should give a dr direct action, not first select Yeah, and so that's where the difficulties lie. Yeah, this so that's the thing you have to weigh against each other. Do we want to use a few options and might not be so or original, or uh multi-purpose as we thought, or do we want to use um many buttons. So um weighing those factors. The doesn't. Yeah. Yeah, but when all the questions I had Do we want to use uh a menu display on the T_V_? Or um does have to f everything uh be in remotes? 'Cause if you use a memory display on the T_V_, you can simply push uh a more menu and then select the options you want to have and press okay. Uh so that's my recommendation, if you use many options in one buttle button, um display the menu on the T_V_ and don't um use combination of t of two buttons at the same time or pressing buttons three times for five seconds, is too complicated for most users. Yeah, that will be a problem. Yes. So if we have to stick with current technologies and uh um well yeah, the restrictions of what's uh is on the market today, um you should keep it s at this. Use big clear buttons. Not too many. So maybe we'll loose a few option uh options, but I think i this is more important. Um especially the important buttons, um if you want to switch channel, change your volume, uh use teletext, it uh it has to work at once and more advanced options may be put it s somewhere away on the remote, behind uh a little uh little thing or a touch screen. And yeah, if you want to uh uh s put on stand-by or change the channel, that should always be possible to do. Not first change menu options or switch something. Um, well yeah, as you already told, give some feedback. If the user is pushing a button he should know if the television or n at least remote is reacting and not just that the batteries may be low. And um, well, my conclusion is uh is uh less is more, keep it simple. So uh maybe we should just ease down on the functionality to uh to keep it accessible on t because you all know, if there are a lot of function on the the television, some you you'll never know uh and never use, and therefore it's uh important if you want to change the volume or channel that is always accessible and easy and other functions um that are not so important um well you we should consider just not using them or at least putting them somewhere on the remote where they're not in the way for the for the most important functions. Maybe that's an option. Um keep the primary buttons visible. Uh make a remote that fits easily in the hands and for some design issues uh well, put a logo on it and maybe use it uh in some aesthetic uh aesthetic form. But uh th the important buttons m make them always accessible and pushable and clear and maybe use a touch screen, or if that's uh will become too difficult just uh like televi some o older telephones use a l uh maybe it's possible to to flip them open and uh just expand the number of options that are normally visible. Um Yeah. The extra functions, you uh you just see a menu from system functions or teletext functions, and you just choose one, and then all all the options will become available and you just c s yeah t scroll through them. Well um then I'd like to make a proposal. If you make one big touch screen, use the same concept as here, keep the buttons always available and use the lower part of the touch screen for the rest. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Okay, I agree, but I think it's very important that they always um make the same buttons accessible, so use just for special options a part of the touch screen. And so um an elder designer picks up th the of an elder parents or grandparent picks up the remote from the little child and who's all in the systems functions, you'll have to have the possibility to turn off the T_V_ or to switch the channel without um well using all the menu structures to get back to the primary functions. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah wh Is that possible to use or no? Well, yeah well, does it have to depend on the television? Well, I think that he means that um maybe by some option uh make sure that um remote control and the T_V_ match, and then after that you can um use some s insert some passwords as being apparent that the children cannot use this uh change the settings of the T_V_, like colour and then volume and uh Mm-hmm. Oh, something like that. Well b but make it a separate option in the menu, so that it's it's dif dis displayed from uh displayed here, so uh parents uh Yeah, you can de display it on the on the old style. You can display actual buttons on the touch screens. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Well you can use um when you uh how do you call it, s um synchronized, the um remote and the T_V_, then there's always, there are always uh possibilities to change the colour and the brightness and the volume and um well maybe we can look out if there's options that the remote um in its memory can see what kinda T_V_ it is, from ah, it's a Philips, this and this and that, and then give the options that are capable the capable from the t Well there are universal d um um remotes and they all have a functionality for all the T_V_s, uh so this wouldn't be a extra feature to incorporate the men menus of these. Yeah. Yeah. Well Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh um mo no, you can just say uh the c Yeah. In codes, y you you get a b a book with codes. You look up, I have a Philips H_ fifty five and it says press code four five five and you press code four five five on the uh in the remote and it displays all your uh menu options. Memory in the in the remote. Yeah, well um if you look at the um manuals from universal uh remotes, there are maybe um three four hundreds T_V_s at maximum. If you have all of them, all the old and new T_V_s summed up, so uh I think uh it is possible. Yeah. Well then you have to buy a new one, it's very good for marketing Maybe, or an update, software update. Firmware update, you say. Yeah. Well, at uh you can go back to the shop and uh they Yeah, ser o and they can download it for you. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well already digital information is sent t to the the standards, T_V_ uh connections, you can see what's uh programme is on on the new uh channels, so maybe j they we can send that information along with standard T_V_ uh Receiving. Oh yeah. Yeah. Difficult. Yeah. Yeah yeah, uh s I think some I think it's good idea, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's uh save this in the meanwhile uh Um m for which one are we going? My mistake. That one or uh Your vote and your Okay. Well, I was uh doubting about which one to take, but uh you've convinced me that uh if you di display buttons about the same as they would look on a normal um remote all elderly people will know what to do. Opens up is too difficult or uh Break it, I don't get Oh so Yeah. Yeah. A quarter to one maybe? Okay. Yeah, is it possible to store this on the share documents or what 'Kay, save it as an image on the res No, and use an image if possible. J_ PEG. J_ PEG. Yeah, it's better Yeah. Oh yeah, it's not connected to the to our P_C_s. It's connected? Yeah. It gives the na Oh. Yes. The questionnaire, fill in uh we fill out d after lunch or uh Okay. Yes. We can leave the P_C_ on I think, yeah and return to the Yeah, bring to I gotta bring it home. A big office. Yes.