Okay. Keyboard work. Yeah. Alright. That's true, I guess. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, that'll be for the future, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Alright. Yeah. That's okay. Mm yeah. Then you and then you've got a flag s Very big R_C_. Yeah. No. Next channel, previous channel. I think it depends on the function. Well, if you save uh Perhaps uh s tiny buttons aren't user-friendly, then we wouldn't im implement that of course. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Yep. Those are probably the the th Yes. Those are probably the b four most most used buttons on the th in the remote control. Sorry? Yeah, sure. You don't care. No, sorry. Yeah. Oh. Go away. Come on.. Oh, great. Well, I've done some research again about trends on the internet. Um I've done some investigation, and uh well I uh got some information from fashion watchers from Paris and uh Milan. Some uh some findings the most important thing is fancy look and feel of the remote control. Uh, well, we were going to imply that, so that's nice. The second important thing is uh innovative technology in the R_C_. Uh, our market really likes really likes that. And uh the third point there in this uh order if of importance, the third point, is a high ease of use. And uh, well, for the idea, I've put some trends uh for the market of elderly people. Dark colours, simple recognisable shapes. So we probably won't do that. The younger market likes uh Well, the themes of of this year are uh surprisingly fruits and vegetables and spongy material. I found this image, which is uh Well, it symbolises the idea of fruits and vegetables. I don't see the spongy part in it. But with a little bit of fancy Exactly. I got some ideas Uh well, yeah, pictures isn't really good word, but um some symbols of fruits or vegetables maybe. Uh, catchy colours. Fruit is uh yellow, green, red, whatever. So, remote controls in in catchy colours. Uh, no, we don't want dark colours. No, I just put them there to uh, yeah, uh for general idea. And uh, the docking st uh I think the spongy material is is very irritating for the uh remote control itself. But to Yeah, the To implement some spongy thing, maybe we can do it in the in the docking station. At the bottom of the docking station or whatever. And uh, we could bring one line with a dark colour uh to um uh p uh yeah uh uh v how do you say? Yeah, also a bit for elderly people who are a little bit crazy and want maybe want a little younger design but still the dark colour. I mean it it it reaches a different market uh, but it it it doesn't cost really much effort to b to uh bring uh like a black R_C_ on the market or whatever. Yes. Yeah, there's there's always a Well there there's always empty space of course on a remote control. I mean I think this part of the R_C_ uh well the upper the upper part or whatever is uh is not not used with buttons, I guess. So you you can put some fruity things No, of course not. Especially i Yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly. If we make it little bit greenish. A and we could use one of these for the uh w what is it? Uh Isn't Wha whatever. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Well, w we can uh w we can we can produce multiple uh multiple things. This is then the uh pear. I don't know the English word, so forget it. And um, maybe, yeah, a b a banana is uh is n not easy for a remote control, but m yeah. Mayb maybe two or three. Yeah. No sure, but but B but that's great, and and and what I was what what I was saying, the catchy colours Yeah. Yeah, uh not really. Pictures was a was a bad word, but Well we c yeah. Yeah, sure. Maybe we can if if we got our docking station over here. I can't draw with this thing, but I'll try. If this is our docking station, we can make our logo over here. It doesn't work. And then Well, the button button over here or whatever, I don't know. On the front, of course, because else you can't find it. Well, that were my ideas a little bit. I'll close 'em down. Um, go away. Conceptual design, yes. The agenda. Well, it's nice, of course. But I don't I don't know what to display on it. I mean Yeah, but it should be li like this big, and I don't think Yes sure, but it it has to to show an entire title of a programme or at least a q a quite quite large part of it and then you get a very large L_C_D_ screen, because Yeah, I don't know. Programme information. But Well a lot a lot of T_V_s indeed show uh when you uh zap to a But then we also uh w need to bring out a line of T_V_s which we were planning to, but whatever. Because the T_V_ has to send information back to the R_C_, and I don't know if that's possible. Yes, yes, o of course it's possible, but you gotta uh implement it in the T_V_s, and I don't think everyone's gonna buy a Real Reaction T_V_ within a month after the release of our uh remote control. Yeah. That's true, that's true, it breaks f yeah, it it it's not very solid, it's uh frag fragile. No. No. I don't think so ei either.. Ah. Bastard. Yeah, I guess. No. Yeah, that's true, if you uh Yeah. No. Well, I think it's uh I think it's pretty trendy, to be honest, uh but um I don't know if if if well, I'm coming back to the costs again, but I think uh we gotta build a b pretty cheap design to to stay within our limits. And I think uh especially colour L_C_D_, which is indeed pretty trendy. But I don't think Uh, I think it will be too expensive. Uh, did it say a price also uh for for uh monogramme uh L_C_D_ or uh coloured L_C_D_? Yeah really, if y if you c i I in in two thousand and four you can't uh put something on the market which is a monogramme. Really. Yeah. W we've we've gotta find a balance, of course. And I think We have a pear. Is that so? Was it it wasn't just a prototype? Exactly, I've never seen it in a store. I think it's a little too much, yeah. Okay. No.. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, for the spongy uh feel. Yeah. Yeah, airbag. If you drop it if you drop it the airbag comes out, yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah, b yeah, that's what w I I was pointing at. What? Oh, a bee. Oh. Yeah. Hmm. Well, we can as as I draw really nicely over there. We can put the logo on our uh on our base station. Uh, yeah. And maybe very very tiny on the remote control itself. But, i Yeah. I guess that's that's enough. That's way too Nokia. Yeah, definitely. Just bring more designs on the market. Why not, yeah. Sure. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, I think it I think it does. Yeah, o On the other hand, if you want to make fruit fruity stuff with uh Yeah, that's true, that's true. Yes. Yeah. What? Oh, yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah, I see. Yeah, but but but Yeah, I th I think that's difficult, because uh that's different material, and then you gotta have like uh uh uh two material lines of of of Yeah, if it's just a colour uh which you uh which you change then, I guess it's it's nice to have one of these. Uh Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah, yeah. Yes. New prints on it. Yep. How do you mean? Th th the uh base in a in another Yes. How the buttons yeah. Yeah. No, definitely not. Yes, definitely. No, I think that's too vulnerable. Yeah, but that's that's I was thinking that's gotta be on the television. Mm. Yeah, if it's c if Yeah, I think it's okay to to add a menu button for uh and if the T_V_ doesn't have a menu, then Yeah. Yeah, you can put that on the two eight four and six or whatever. Mm, yeah. A mute and a teletext and a menu. That's all. Hmm. Great. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Are we gonna do something with the uh spongy thing there? Yeah, that's true, that's true. Yeah, it's kinda fruity, and with th with catchy colours uh uh w Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Okay. I guess so. Yes. Yea yeah. Yep. Something like that. I guess not. Do you, guys? No? In the shared folder. You'll see in you email, I guess. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. Construct one, yeah. Alright, shall we get back to work? Great. Yeah. Bastard. You lazy