Evaluation. Mm-hmm. That's gonna be t problem. Yeah, well sure. Hi. Yeah, uh well, and as you saw, we would just have the basic remote with the panel L_C_D_ uh screen. Well, these would be the main buttons, h you could uh change them later on in your own profile if you want to. But, well it's standard they will be delivered with this kind of uh set-up. We have the more advanced menu uh setting right here. We have the sub-menus and stu stuff. We made a top oh, or a front view. Just so like you wanna uh back view. As you can see, this uh there, there are uh two uh weird bumps in it. This is for uh the added uh effect of uh well uh y youth and dynamic. And uh this is for the artistic effect. Well, what we figured is uh we'll show you a picture later on you have more b a better idea after that. But, idea is for to stay in balance with these two uh with these two. And so when you put it on the table, it will just lay down. It won't uh roll around or stuff. But it will lie more in your hand like an old telephone maybe, or like these old uh phones. Y you you may get the idea. So thi this is about uh how we figured it should be. The s panel we g you would hide with some more uh rubber layers, like we discussed early on. Uh, you would s you wouldn't see the uh straight panel, but more fluidly and round. Yeah. And uh, in these bumps you could actually uh put some electronics uh that would you can make a more thinner uh design, and that would actually look very nice, yeah. And uh, about the colour, what have Yeah, f uh, as colours, do you do you have the picture in uh Oh yeah. Now, well this is the idea about uh the bumps. Uh, you can see there's a v a very uh youthful uh dynamic uh exterior. It uh you just want to hold it you uh you are young and uh dynamic like us. Yeah, it's like an e but this is for children. We we want a more adult version. But, this is like a remote control for children.. A weemote. Yeah. Hey, that's actually a brilliant uh marketing stand. Uh, but So this actually basic the idea. We we just want to build a more uh adult vers adult version of of this. And and for colours, we we figured starting with basic colours like uh white or metallic grey. Those are the technological colours actually, so it d Or blue or whatever. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, maybe yeah, perhaps you're right. Uh, I I would I would actually agree with this sounds logical. Nah. Yeah. Yeah, li like like this like this. This isn't this isn't too much, is it? I f Yeah. The buttons, I Yeah, uh something like this would be nice. Okay, that's that's it from us. Uh-oh. Why? Yeah, it's not just uh designed for people under the age of forty. It's also designed for people above forty. So I have I've Yeah, two or three, because it's not just uh the qu question is aimed at is it designed for people with age below forty. But it's also designed for people of age above forty. So, I'll say it's about three. Yeah, I I think Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Leads to user face, yeah. Yeah, false. Uh, hmm. Yeah, the they are big and clear.. Yeah, but but the teletext button. Yeah, you can ch That's in a menu. So, it's w yeah, it it it it isn't entirely unclear, but So, I wouldn't give it a seven. I would give it a more a five or a six. Uh, I don I don't know. What do you think, uh Mister Project Manager? Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, it has these all these fruity colours and it has a strange shape. So, if you so if you have trouble finding it Well, then uh then I'll go for four. Because uh four is between three and uh uh also between between true and false. Uh, so I'll I'll go for four. Wha Yeah, that that's a better question actually. Well, if i if you see a strange shape lying somewhere, uh then you'd uh recognise it as, whoa, that is strange. Yeah. Yeah, what is that. Uh, so it's Yeah. Yeah, rubber, is kind of soft. Well, I don yeah, it is kind of It No. Uh It could yeah. Functional ability.. No, it's it I I'll go for two. My vote's on two. Yes. Yes, it Yeah, they are built in. Not down. You really like the parental advisory. Bu Yeah, he made it. No. Me, too. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, n no. No. Yes. No. Uh, we have one. We have one. No, sev zero. Well, that's um yeah, speech recognition and s A zero. No. No. Yeah. Just go on. Then we'll see uh we'll we'll see uh wha how much we are over budget. Zero. I don't think so. No, this is a standard colour. Yes, this is a special colour. That's an add-on. No. These three. Well, we're only four Euro over budget. But Well, other case, we can make it single-curved or uncurved. Yeah. Okay, sure. Yeah, sure. Okay, well you you can go from double-curved to single-curved. And that would solve the budget problem. Yeah. It's just yeah well, the single-curve that Yeah. Exactly, yeah. We going to cut Yeah, we just make it flat. But, you do l Function. Worth, does it have added worth? No, um Yeah, well let's assume it is. We we should assume it i that it is. But I I figured that the kinetic would be a marketing promotion. R if you uh promote a kinetic um I kinetic remote control, I mean, that would b sell better than an a normal remote control. No, well, y I mean uh, y you can go into your neighbour and tell him, ha, my k uh remote control is kinetic. You have standard old battery control uh remote con True. It is possible, but you can't use double uh curves for titanium. That's one of the functionability uh Well, I th I think you two, uh especially you and uh and uh Daniel, you d you you both had uh the less creative uh roles in the project. 'Cause I think m I think Jeroen and I, we had a more design we could have more we had more room for creativity than than you two. Ha. Nah, the leadership wasn't crappy, it was the leader that was crappy. Nah. No, the leadership was okay. Yeah, it was good. Try to learn from your mistake. And we will never do it again. Yeah, that went w it went well. It's it's just uh Nah. Yeah, we we had some trouble with the pen, but Yeah, but us Yeah. Oh. No, I have it working. But, uh yeah, well uh No, it doesn't have that much added value to the Yeah. Know what I mean. Or text function. Just t t type text, and that that would be uh excellent. Mean Oh. But uh, problem is, well you can't discuss anything well you you ca uh you can, but you will discuss a lot less than l like we did now. We I mean uh w w w one one person s maybe said three. But, well uh I we said uh, no I w th think two, because this and this, and then you can react uh on it. But if you you put a three on it, uh just figure well, everybody knows what I'm knowing, so they'll all just put a two on. Yeah, but it would yeah. Yeah okay, the for processing part. But then uh, I think the idea of one person entering it and the rest uh discussing it, that uh isn't that bad idea, actually. Not that your opinion isn't valued, but but still. Yeah, sure. Y yikes. Seventy five pages. So you you finished it actually, and so we just have to read it and say yes or no? It's not double. Uh, it's not double anymore, eh? Yeah, okay. Yeah. On thing uh One small thing uh, the added functions. Uh, was it included in the cost? I don't think so, eh? It's very cheap. Okay, um hereby is the meeting is finished.