Mm-hmm. Alright. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Alright. Alright. Easy to use? I think that's your ta Mm. You Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you can make a very complicated uh uh remote anyway, so ease of use It's not a very comp complicated device. Alright. Uh you think? Mm. Mm. Alright. Yeah, among the old people, yeah. Right, I am going to tell you something about the components design. Uh again I have uh put up the specification properties. This uh so um uh the different uh components of the of of the device. And the materials? Um I have heard several things, so I uh I'll have to change that on the way. But uh the case? Uh I suggested uh in the previous meeting hard plastic. But uh as you indicated uh it should be strong. It should feel strong. So maybe plastic is not uh sufficient. We should move to uh something Well yeah. Y Hard plastic i is of course uh pretty pretty tough, but it doesn't have a really really tough look. So Yeah. Also Yeah. Mm-hmm. But we'll return to that. Uh the buttons of course rubber, I think everyone agrees. And electrical cables, copper is all pretty basic stuff. The chips made of silicon, I guess. I think that's the best uh way to do it. And infra infrared l LED is uh just a simple bulb. Then I've uh had a few findings, made a few findings. Uh the target audience product style. Um it's uh um generally the case that uh senior and wealthy people above uh forty five years old uh like, as you said, uh particularly the traditional materials as such as wood and materials such as that. They also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style. But of course that's not our uh things this. So this is things we must not do. And then we have uh young uh and dynamic uh people, which is of course our uh group, the people we aim at. Um under forty five years old. Uh they like soft materials uh with primary colours. Soft materials is of course uh agai again a bit a contradiction with uh our uh material choice of what you said, that uh it should be hard an and and and and strong looking. But they like soft materials, uh so we might uh we have to consider that. And also they like curved round shapes. So not uh too formal like like uh the older people want. And if uh also a finding but not very ap applicable here, that sports and gaming devices such as uh discmans for jogging and that those kind of devices, gaming devices, should define the characteristics of the device. But uh since we don't have a really a sports or gaming device, so we don't really have to consider that. Mm. Well I also have um several examples of uh styles, so you can get a clear picture of uh what I mean. Uh these are the basic uh older older peoples' stuff. It was not very uh interesting uh, very classical looking, but that's n that's not what we want. We have these kind of things. I don't know what exactly they are. It looks like Well you know uh you recognise the shapes, it's very primary colours, uh bright colours and uh round shapes. You also uh see uh this device, it's not very round and Fruity of course. Yeah, it uh That's true. And uh well round shapes, primary colours. You can see it all here. And of course uh this famous device. I think as you know something uh some devices like this. So to give you an idea of uh This has a strong look. Although it's plastic, it's it's grey to to to give it iron look. That's uh Yeah. Well we have to make a Well we can't really make a round uh a round remote control. I don't think that's very practical, but But uh it's important to to uh to think about the colour. Because if we make it grey or or silvery looking, it it does make it a lot more uh does make it looking a lot more stronger. 'Cause if you look at this, it it doesn't look very very strong, becau But this is plastic, and and this too, but The feel? Uh alright. Well Mm-hmm. And I Then I have some more findings. Um uh about the energy energy source of the of the device, uh I uh suggest uh the basic battery. I uh got some other um uh uh energy sources of course. But solar energy is not very practical inside a house, because you don't have a have a lot of uh sun. And uh kinetic and and and dynamos are are not very practical, I think, for uh for a simple remote, that's a bit, oh, that's a bit uh That's a bit uh much. And I also suggest uh as a shape uh a double curved case. Uh the disadvantage of that that you can use no titanium. That that's the information I received. If you use the curved case, uh a curved case, double curved then you can't use titanium. Now uh this uh to give it a more modern look. And uh now the the shape, yeah, a curved case. Um yeah I think uh sort of triangle-shaped bottom or something. Uh a more modern look not plain, long box style, but I'll draw it, but maybe later. And it makes uh it gives it a more u user friendly shape, than if you have uh. Um anyway Um f as uh for the buttons, simple push buttons. No uh otherwi uh no um difficult scroll things or some uh things like that, because it makes more complex and expensive. And, uh as we agreed, we don't use a speaker or a sensor or um uh speak uh speech uh controlled device. Because it makes it also more complex and expensive. But we do use an L_C_D_ screen, so we uh we do have to consider uh of we have to use a more advanced chip, which is more complex and expensive. But It's worth the trouble I think, because Uh rubber is a soft material, I guess. Uh soft enough. So that's uh basically what I want to talk about. Oh, yeah, I understand. Yeah. Yeah. But it it's n nice for young people. They like gadgets. Yeah. If it's cheap. Yeah. Can you draw it now of uh Can you draw it now? Mm. Alright. button, yeah. I suggest a banana shape. Because of the fruity uh fashion. Yellow and Yeah alright, yeah. Just a hunch. Those are the the cha the channel buttons of course? And then below is the L_C_D_ screen? Alright, yeah. Mm-hmm. Uh by pe pressing the menu button again. By pressing the menu button again, you go uh out. It's usual the the the d kind of the way it works. Yeah? Yeah? Yeah. But you can men you can press menu again to get out. No. Why would you put it uh then, and where is the recording uh the microphone? Where would you put it? Uh-huh. Microphone, yeah. Yeah I understand. Uh but uh we could uh d do, but it's perhaps more expensive, uh the speaker on the back or something. Alright. Well yeah yeah yeah. I can live with it. They do they don't look fruity enough. Tho Yeah those But it doesn't uh the Yeah, ok Yeah. But it it must not look too childish of course huh? But it Yeah. Not not too strange. No. Exotic yeah. We have t Yeah, yeah. I will design it, we design it later. So we'll get to that later I guess. The specific shape. The Our sources. But uh we should decide now. So we have to uh put it in one uh document. Copy paste uh this story into a into a Word document, and then uh put the answers after the subjects. Yeah. Well we have to decide all these things? W we can uh override them? Well a case? Uh that's me. Uh I suggest Well what do I suggest actually? Uh s solid, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I understand. Yeah. So we have titanium. Yeah but the non-removable elements of the of the remote, so not the front, could be titanium, to give that uh strong look. And then the front is made of plastic. And you can put that on and off, and switch it. No but you have titanium of course. Uh you have the best of both worlds. And of course, yeah, you have the the the plastic front end. But you also have the titanium. Yeah of course, but yeah you have to make a decision. I guess so. Uh titanium I sh I think uh Huh? Well, well the According to my sources, uh it's it's totally possible to make an entire uh uh uh Titanium is available, and uh we can uh make uh an entire remote out of it, if we want. Mm. Mm. Yeah, I think that's a nice trade-off. Alright. Yeah, for the front and then titanium for the back. For the non-removable uh part. Well but The titan titanium isn't isn't v very Yeah, i it doesn't uh curves. No uh I nei. Titanium is very No no no, but you know b Titanium is very basic colour, and it doesn't really matter if we have a purple front on it or a orange front. I dunno if if you disagree, but I think it's doesn't matter very much. And even if it does uh doesn't match, it will uh People like mm colours that don't match. Cop copper uh material. Excuse me? Yeah copper i just a ba basic uh Yeah in Yeah well inside the remote control we use a couple of uh Oh external? Well A coffee grind doesn't have Na ja. Never mind the coffee grind. Right? Alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah the the the front w Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. For the for the launch, yeah. So e th then a c couple of basic colours. Not not very uh sim Not Yeah. Yeah. Very boring, yeah. The most boring fronts possible. Yeah but you you can have some basic colours, and then we come with the special patterns on them, and and uh And uh Uh we still have to make We have still have to make the es the the real basic design. Because yeah we have the sketch but Alright, yeah. The price? We all agree on that. Yeah. Together or uh Yeah together. How Yeah yeah, but how do I Some Some non functional tasks. You're fired. No but Well, can we talk about something else? Uh Uh no I don't know anything, but maybe uh anyone else uh Yeah? Round I think. To make it as uh as round as possible. But now I see the Well th th th th th that depends uh. Well we uh We we j we'll just give them an uh We'll design it, and then they can give comments on it. Well yeah. Um I think um a logo, our company logo, and the slogan should be or could be Yeah, why not? If there's enough space, you can put uh We'll we'll Well, our slogan is not very long. It's just a simple What is it? You c But you can put it on the back, on the titanium part. The logo and the and the Yeah they do. Well yeah. Right corner, or maybe here in the middle? Yeah it it should be hard on the on the on the board, and you can remove the front. I l I like the idea of the of the slogan on the on the on the thing. But am I the only one, or uh No not on the front, but on the backside. Uh I think it's a nice idea, to make it more recognisable, that the next to the logo you have the slogan. To make more uh of an impression. Not too big. No, very small. Not on the entire back, but uh just very small. But readable enough of course. But we'll uh we'll take that uh with us into the design. Lo Uh yeah. Or maybe here in the middle, but we'll decide later. Do you do you see a bit of the of the um of the uh titanium? O on the front? Uh maybe if we make this this this lower part titanium, the front is the the upper part, and the the bit with the with the L_C_D_ screen. So Yeah. No no betwe of between we can do but But then you have two parts of front, two fronts that This enti entire bottom? And then the lower part is titanium? I think that's nice, yeah. Yeah. I like that bit of uh titanium also on the uh A bit like uh a bit like your mobile phone. Maybe you can show it. It also has the those two distinct uh Mm bit like this. Uh it's uh Yeah yeah. That uh Yeah. Maybe a nice touch, yeah. I think I'm going to buy it. That's a bit too much, but No, no no no, but I think uh this looks uh pretty nice actually. Of course, because it's my design but No our d our design, alright. But don't erase my cat. I want to preserve it. What are you doing chief? Yeah until the until the beep goes. But I don't uh Do we have to stay here, or I think we have to return first. The high powers from above will have to tell us, yeah. Yeah, touch-pads, yeah. We can uh do a touch-pad on our remote. No just kidding. Well we have uh b you have to have a bit of humour in the in the discussions too, because it becomes too too too too stressy. But uh th youth doesn't care about functio functionality, so Yeah. Bless you. Mm. Too much? Well they uh I think that's good. We all had uh our talk and we agree I guess on uh several thing, on most uh on things. Yeah you have to push harder. Mm. Where's the good old chalk board with the the green board with the, how do you call it, chalk, yeah. Yeah, maybe. Maybe if i if that thing is recalibrated, we can draw a thing quick, and then before it uh goes off again. Maybe w maybe we maybe w m Can we get email here? Huh? Yeah. Guess so. A happy hol happy holidays.