Okay. Fine. The names? For for for my sur um Jens. Uh Damman. D_ A_ W_. Uh uh M_ M_. I mean M_. Double M_. Oh. Sorry. Okay. Okay. Mm. Uh Okay. Well my name is Jens Damman, but we're in a group, and I I will start it. Wait. Um I've used a marketing report on uh the site. Uh I think you've uh read it too. Uh and uh f and furthermore I uh surfed the o the other site. You didn't read it? Oh okay, I I was the only one who get it. Okay it was uh uh uh um um a report about uh an experiment with uh a lot of users. And uh they had a lot of findings in their report uh with statistical uh uh uh thing uh with statistical uh proof. So I um I had three pages with findings and sev a lot of uh a lot of findings. So we can use this uh to uh create our own remote control. Uh seventy five percent of the users find uh most remote controls ugly. Yeah, I think uh uh that's a lot, so we have to make a beautiful remote control. Uh eighty percent of users would spend when uh a remote control will l uh look fancy. I think this fits uh at the uh what what uh Michael said about uh older people. Older people will uh spend more money uh for uh something uh uh what's good. Because younger people are more critical uh about uh uh where they spend their money money at. Uh seventy five percent uh seventy five percent of the users say they zap a lot. Well okay, that's uh normal. I think uh we we have to make uh good zap buttons. But that's one of our requirements. Yes, fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons. Um Martijn alr already said it. And uh maybe our uh fold open system is is a good one, but I don't think it's uh reachable. Yeah, the ten percent on the top, yeah. That that's a good one. Um uh page two. Remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room. That's exactly what we said about um maybe a home station for uh for it uh to uh recharge the batteries or something. Uh I thought mo maybe we could make a clap system, so when you clap your hands it will beep or something. Uh you must find it uh quickly. Okay, yeah. Yeah, we can uh combine that. Uh it takes too much time to learn how to use a r new remote control. Uh I think we must t uh take a look at this. It's only uh th thirty four of the thirty four percent. But it's uh a tough one. Because if we make a ha whole new product, our own style, we we c uh this is so difficult, uh a difficulty I think. Uh next, remote controls are bad for R_S_I_. Yeah, but only if they zap a lot, and they watch over five hours T_V_ or something. I don't We we haven't Uh we mustn't look too much at uh the last point. Okay, last page. Uh the last uh experiment uh was about gadgets, like uh speech recognition. We didn't uh think about that already. And uh an L_C_D_ on the remote control. We already thought about that. Um uh they finally had a conclusion that younger people um uh under an age of f forty five are uh more interested in new features. And but they're more critical. And older people uh want to spend uh more money. But uh they uh they don't want to uh have a lot of uh new features, because they're in their old uh thinking way. And they want to keep the old uh things the old things. But y But you but you already said that the uh company was about uh forty plus uh clients? I I think we can speak, uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly, because it's not reachable for twenty five Euros. Um then I have my personal uh preference. Okay, that's not very good, because I thought about television, D_V_D_ player, stereo and V_C_R_. I had a question about. But it's already out of the question, this. Um my point is, well, I If we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television, I think it's hard to uh sell it for twenty five Euros. But it's the exercise. Yeah, only only for television uh On the market you can now buy for twenty Euros a remote control for everything. And we only make it for television, so we mi mm we m must made it make it uh very special. Okay, I told about the home station. Uh it must be simple, because uh our the the elderly people uh needs to use it. And I I found a motto. And we put the fashion in electronics. And that's uh the motto we are uh referenced to uh for our uh our style. We we have to make a a new product. We have to be um Yeah. One of a kind, I think. The company is about our uh th th their own fashion, their own style. Yeah, to k to keep it simple when you Sorry I thought about it, yes. Okay, this was uh my presentation. I don't Yeah. You can ask some questions or something. Mm-hmm. Um Forward. No. Uh It gets some seconds. Yeah, it's it's no it's not a It's what Paul says. It's not a remote control uh uh that um uh makes the T_V_ um do one two. It's the T_V_ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two. It's only for television now. No. Maybe we can give it out in different colours. You can choose blue or yellow or That's fa That's fancy. That's uh fashion. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's active. I I think it's in the case that it's active. It's not uh I it's it's just uh the the Mm. Yeah. Empty. Yeah. An automatically search function for each television, or something. Uh I kno Oh, I have a modern one. And the modern one you you uh you type uh search, and the LED began to blink blink blink. And uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off. And then you know, oh it it's the right one. And you can stop it, and then it's okay. So you don't have to search for your television or your code. It uh search uh the pattern for itself. Yes. Changing the signal. Yeah, that's the right uh option. Uh if you if you use the buttons, uh both of them works. But one you can't see and one indicates that you use a button. Yeah. Yeah, and Mm I think it's unnecessary power uh you use then. Okay. But then have to be on the in the all uh remote control have to be LEDs. Everywhere in the r Is LEDs uh beneath the the buttons? Yeah, okay. It must be around it then. Yeah, then Yeah. Not not not not here, but here. Maybe uh Okay. Yeah, I uh Yeah. Maybe what Paul said, uh under the on the on the home station, uh a button to uh to call your uh remote control, that it beeps. Yeah, there must be sound in it. I dunno. Mm uh, twenty five Euros, I think we can make it. Bec Twelve and a half, okay. But but we only have to make it for television, and um we must have something special. So Uh. We have to give our customers some extras. No. Uh. Okay. Changes. Uh L_C_D_ doesn't work for uh twelve and a half Euros I think. Oh. Oh, I'm watching uh the channel one. Okay. No, it's not But uh some of you had uh something to read about um uh speech uh recognition. About you said one and the television turns on one. Is that reachable maybe? That's very That's fancy. That's cool. Twelve and you've got twelve. Only the numbers, only numbers. Uh furthermore nothing. But only the numbers, one to twenty or something. That should be cool. If it's possible, I dunno. I didn't read it. Uh if i if i I didn't have information about that. Ah that's a problem, but Uh only in English. Only in English I think. No, that Yeah, then th we have to think about that. But do do we do it? It's more if we if we do it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, and uh and uh In uh indeed uh the languages are a difficult thing. Uh because we we have a lot of languages. Yeah. A uh someone says that uh give me one Coke, and the T_V_ turns uh to one. Yeah, it's not uh Okay, but th that becomes your f Uh uh because that's very hard for uh speech recognition. Mm-hmm. Okay, no speech recognition. Yeah. Yeah yeah, it it mustn't work all the time. It uh uh it have to work only when you use it. So if you No, if you use one button, it must turn uh on for twenty seconds, and then it must turn off. Oh yeah. A see-through. Mm, that's cool. But you have You had a lot of different buttons. No, I use te teletext every day, I think. Mm. Trendwatching. Okay. That's fine. Yo. Mm. Uh.