One question. Send. Submit. Mm. Yeah. I'll go first. Okay. I'll go first yeah. So. Huh? Okay, um Okay, um I wanted to explain the working design of the remote control. It's possibly very handy if you want to uh design one of those. Um well so it basically works uh as I uh uh r wrote down uh in this uh little uh summary. Uh when you press a button, uh that's when you do pr for example when you uh want to turn up the volume, um a little connection is made uh the the rubber uh button just presses on a on a little print plate uh which uh makes uh uh a connection that uh gives the chips, uh which is uh mounted beneath those uh that plastic of a rubber button. Uh senses that a connection has been made, and know and knows what button you pressed, becau uh for example the the volume up or volume down button. Um uh the the chip uh makes a Morse code uh like uh signal which uh then is si uh signalled to uh several transistors which makes uh which sends the signal to a little let. You know what a let is? Okay. And that makes uh the the infra-red lights signal which is sent to the television set. Uh which has a sensor in it to uh sense uh the signal of the infra-red. That's basically uh how it works. Um the findings uh uh that I found uh searching up some uh detailed information about the remote controls, are that uh they are very easy to produce, uh it is pis uh it's possible to uh make them in mass production because it is as eas it is as easy as uh printing a page, uh just uh fibreglass plate um is b uh is uh covered with uh some uh coatings and uh uh and chips. Uh and the technology's already available, we don't have to find out how remote controls uh have to work or uh how that how uh to make some chips that are possible to uh to to transmit those uh signals. Uh I made a little uh uh animation of about how a tran our uh remote controller works. we tel There. Okay. Uh well the sub-component, I suppose that you understand what a sub-component is, is f in this example it's the button. Uh when it is pressed down, um, the switch is ter is uh is switched on, so with uh the wire is sent to the to the chip in uh co-operation with the battery of course, because to make uh a a signal possible you have to have some sort of uh li uh a d ad uh electronic uh Yes, uh, okay. Um w after it's being composed by the chip uh the signal uh is transported uh to the infra-red bulb, and from there it signals a Morse code-like signal to the to the b to the bulb in uh in the television set. Okay. S Uh I wrote down some personal preferences about uh the remote control. Of course it is very handy if the remote control is hand held, so you don't have to uh uh wind it up or something, or just is it's it's very light to uh to make uh to use it. Uh I personally uh pref prefer that uh it would be p uh come available in the various colours, and uh easy to use buttons. But I suppose that the one of the other team members uh uh thought of that uh too. And it is possible for several designs and um easy to use b uh sorry, easy to use buttons. Perhaps soft touch, uh touch screen uh buttons because uh the rubber buttons are always uh uh they uh slightly uh they can be slightly damaged, uh so the numbers on the buttons are not possible uh to read anymore. And uh well as I said uh before th uh we can uh make several designs. Okay, well, that's my contribution to this meeting, and uh two of these this meeting. So. Okay. Hmm. Mm. Mm. Uh L_C_D_ screen as in uh touch screen? Okay. 'Kay. Okay. No. Yeah. Mm. Yeah for Standby options, yeah? Uh yeah. Two s two two digits, oh okay. Yeah I understand what you mean. Yeah. It makes it twelve, yeah. Indeed. Okay. Well, not really And and there are some models that don't uh accommodate that function. So d uh wh the Philip's television makes it possible in that indeed to uh press one and then two to make uh the uh tj to reach channel twelve. But uh all the television makes uh use of those button where you first press that button and then press two digits to uh to get Uh yeah, think so. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we we could yeah. But I think that uh that collides with our mission to make it very cheap. Because L_C_D_ screens are very expensive. A touch screen uh probably uh even more. So, true, true. But uh Well um is it possible to make an L_C_D_ screen uh, how was the information? So perhaps we should we should focus on that L_C_D_ screen. Yeah but uh will we not uh exceed our uh our uh production uh Is it possible to find out, anyway? You know? No, an L_C_D_ screen's just like uh like a drawn here. Um just uh displays several buttons, for example um if you wanted the minimal uh use b uh buttons, such as channel and volume, you just h uh displays four buttons on the screen and it's possible to p uh press them down, just like a touch screen. Yeah, we can make it possible to do that, yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's my uh Yeah. Twelve fifty. Um. Well I suppose wi if the mar if our um if the i if the young people are interested in L_C_D_ screens, we should make 'em. And if that is our d uh market share to uh and our goal to uh deliver those uh remote controls Yeah. Yeah. Mm. It's treasure. I hope we uh h and let's hope to reach those uh those sales. Yeah, can you um uh s I think that that they will send you some information about uh the cost of L_C_D_ uh screens. Uh so if you uh Yeah, so if you uh you receive an email about that, uh can you post it in the or shouldn't we post that in uh our projects mail uh folder. Because you are the the Marketing uh Expert. I uh Yeah sure, sure. Mm. It's looks fancy one yeah, of L_C_D_ screen. Mm yeah. And then not yeah. Um. Yeah. Mm. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. And there's also a A sh but in a sub sub-menu or something like that. Uh I think it's also important to uh make it possible to um how do you call it in English, uh, to not use batteries, and use ac uh bat uh batteries to uh to be yeah yeah sure. Indeed. So uh you can mount uh the the the uh uh the remote control to um to refill the Yeah. Okay, because i uh when you get an L_C_D_ screen, you run it on batteries, the batteries will be uh empty very soon, very fast. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Uh And go to standby mode when you don't use it, so that Yeah, automatically. After two minutes or three minutes, something like that. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. No, when you when you're done with s uh w uh watching your television, you have to put it Yeah sure, of course. Yeah, but But you also forget to buy batteries, and then you can you can't use it, so I Yeah. High power user cell, i uh it should be uh a standard move to to put your remote control in the charger when you're done watching television, that's also a a a great advantage because you can't lose it anymore. Because you are obliged to uh put it in the charger and not to uh leave it in a couch uh between some cushions. Okay. Yeah it hasn't It doesn't have to be big. Yeah just just a cable, or a even a a a a a charger where you can mount it on. Something like that, just u Okay. Functional designs uh for the elderly uh you could make it possible to enlarge the screen, so make it possible to not uh display uh a button at ten points uh, or Yeah but it is uh one of the functions you have to uh specify. Because we can look at uh uh perhaps uh forty buttons at a screen, but the elderly only look at two buttons. Okay. Speech recognition? Hello. Twelve Euro twelve Euro fifty. Well, spread it by a big market. Well let's leave out all the remote controls and just put a microphone on top of the television to Yeah Yeah. Turn volume up. Hey, that that's an idea. Okay, well that should it has to be remote control, not Yeah. Sure why not why not Yeah, mm. Yeah. Perhaps the options should be uh Why not? Why not? Let's hope uh to have some uh d We should do it. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Certain systems already exist, I think. True, yeah. Yeah. This should be uh accommodated with some software, uh, uh. Yeah. Right. Swahili. Swahili. Yeah. Indeed. Yeah. So we want to uh yeah it's international uh okay. Okay. Y it should be done. If it could be done, should be done. That's not so difficult at all, because I already use on several voice operated systems, and they are all possible to uh not all, but Yeah, sure, indeed. For speech recognition. Uh yeah. S Shortcuts. Uh. Mm. Sh Yeah, just just sub-menu. Yeah. Not directly uh available. Okay. Mm. Directly available. So does it confuse uh the user? Uh. I'll search um. If you want to use teletext, you can push the teletext button and then the options uh become available. No. Menu. Mm. There are a lot of options depending uh on what kind of television you got. 'Cause if you don't got a wide screen television you don't need the uh the screen settings uh for uh Yeah and if the television does not support such uh operations Yeah. Yeah. Colours I think the main colour of the remote control is uh the colour of the L_C_D_ screen. I Because we don't want a lot a devi yeah a device self s g Okay, so use uh very uh lot of peo Adjust with phones, yes Okay. Twelve Euro fifty. Well, make it available in different colours, you mean? Sure. Red, white, blue, black. Grey. Yeah sea view, yes, Simpson's versions and Leave. Yeah. Mm. No. Uh not button Yeah sure, of course you need uh a settings button, uh or a settings option for the remote control. Just tap it. Yeah, it should be in standby mode, but A A A normal button on the remote control, or norm? Yeah, because uh when you touch the L_C_D_ screen when it is in standby mode, it should pop on. Wh uh why would it be a a need to have a normal button? Mm. I think it looks a lot more fancy if you use uh if you don't have any buttons on the s on on remote control. Oh, okay Oh. Mm. Okay. Food. Yeah, think so.