Um Mm, don't think so. Unless uh things have suddenly change again. Uh don't know. Maybe uh you've got new information, like uh last time. Okay. Oop. No. 'Kay. Hmm? Oh.. Yeah, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. My method? Well, findings. Uh Ease of use is important, but uh innovation is more important, and a fancy look and feel is uh even more important. And uh some fashion watchers have found out that the young target group likes fruit and vegetables in their uh clothes, shoes and furniture, and that they want spongy material. Probably watch too much Sponge Bob. Uh the older group uh still prefers dark colours. Simple shapes uh m material. But we since we are concentrating on uh the younger group 'Kay. Well, uh one example given was this, so um I assume they just want something colourful. Not uh specifically uh an apple as a remote control or something. No, uh the younger group likes uh more colourful uh objects. But Which one? This? Yes. Uh well, it might. But personally I wouldn't like a sponge as a remote control. But Maybe soft material or something. But not a real sponge. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, and like uh the older group likes familiar materials, but that doesn't mean we should use wood, So Well, this this is an example of what they would like. But since we're conten concentrating on uh the younger group, I think we should use soft materials and uh make it colourful or uh like cell phones, exch exchangeable covers. So we could provide both for the young and the old what they like. I've seen it, but 'Kay. Uh that's about it. Yes. Uh soft material. Uh the fancy look and feel. Yes. Apparently. Yeah. Um Uh well, it's obvious obviously new. So it might attract uh the young customers. Hmm. And yeah, the yeah, the older people liked wood. No the Yeah, the younger people liked soft material. Yeah. Yeah. Standard? Nah, um n no, I don't think so. M Hmm. Or black and yellow. Yeah. Uh didn't did we inc uh include the digi digits or uh leave them to the speech recognition? 'Cause things like uh volume could be uh placed next to the button. There the icons. So you don't touch the icons that much.