Okay. Everybody found his place again? Yeah? That's nice. Okay so this is our second meeting. And uh still failing? Uh now we're going um into the functional design. Um important thing of this phase is that we're going to uh try to get an agreement about the user requirements, technical function design, and the working design. So that we can move onto the second uh phase. But first this phase. Um first an announcement. There's a little adaptation in the air conditioning system. So There's our ghost mouse again. That that means that you can have a little trouble with, little trouble with the air conditioning, that's because of this uh It's in wing C_ and E_. So it should be over in a in a while, couple of days. But it's going to be cold anyway, so I don't think you're gonna need it. Then our agenda. Now first the opening. Uh this time I will take the minutes. Uh you're going to have a presentation. All of you. Um and we've got forty minutes for the whole uh prese for the whole uh presentations. So uh I suggest we take about seven minutes per presentation, and then we can have a little discussion about the new project requirements uh which have been sent to me. And then the decision on the control functions uh which we wanna include and those which we don't wanna include. So we've got forty minutes for all of it. So I suggest um let's start with the first presentation. Um who wants to be first? Okay. So Just maybe it's easier if you um Yeah I think you will tell your presentation as well. Just which function you have and what you're gonna talk about. Okay. Thank you. So anybody have um any questions until now? About functional requirements? Okay that's clear. Now to the second. Yeah. Yeah you can take your time. We've got uh plenty of time, so Yeah. There it is. Yeah. One remote. Hmm. 'Kay. Yeah. Okay. Anybody has questions about the technical functions? Yeah. Touchscreen. Huh. 'Kay. That's nice. Uh Yeah. That's right. Uh maybe we can first um listen to your presentation? Uh And then we have a little discussion about the requirements and uh design. I think it's going to Uh it's not too much. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Uh Okay now I hope everybody has a little bit more insight in the functions we all have and what we are doing right now. Um I'm the Project Manager so I'm here to mess things up and uh tell you some new uh requirements. Um that's, we've uh got to design a um remote which is only suitable for T_V_. Um that's because uh it will be too complex and the time to market will be too big, if we wanna have it uh for more functions. So it has to be simple. Uh another point is we have to skip the teletext, because in the world of uh upcoming internet uh we think teletext is going to be uh a thing of the past. And uh it's a function we don't need in our remote control. Um internet is also mentioned in a function we can use. Uh maybe also on televisions it will be available as well. Another one is uh the customer is uh forty plus. Uh that's the the market we have to to to target, because we are going to develop a new product which is specially designed for the younger customers. Um this is uh a bit pity for the Marketing uh Expert. Because he was uh aiming on the the younger persons. So we have to find a market which is above forty plus uh but which will suit our uh remote control, and the other way round. And we have to be very uh attent in uh putting the corporate image uh in our product. So it has to be visible in our design, in the way our device works. And uh we have to be uh very clear on this point as well. So I suggest let's have a discussion on the control functions. Yeah. Uh we can see if we can find a way uh between the functions we wanna use and the market we wanna reach with our product. Um Against the no teletext? Um Yeah it's it is Standard remote. No I think we can I think we can do a lot with the design and the simple buttons which were also mentioned. Uh if we put a lot of effort in those, we can make a remote control with uh just two or three buttons. Or just a remote which is suitable for the market we wanna reach because it is forty percent of the market. And um if you look in Holland at the whole generation of forty plus, fifty plus, it it's the the biggest share of the of the whole population now. No. But don't you think that if we make a remote which is uh typically made for this market, that people think the people think that's the the device I've looked for although I didn't realise it. So let's try it. Yeah. Yeah. It's a big success. Very big success. Yeah. Uh. I think so as well. Uh I simply think um uh that the new products we are gonna make, uh spef specifically design, are designed for uh younger people, uh so maybe we can focus ourself on the elderly people. And I think we have to um see what requirements we need for those um remote controls. 'Cause what you told is the channel selection is important. Volume selection, power and teletext. Okay. Um No we we haven't voted yet, so Uh I think teletext can be uh um can be a function as well. But only if uh if it won't higher the the cost, because I don't know if it will be a lot more money to implement teletext as well, but I don't think it will be a problem. Or is teletext a Yeah. Yeah. So I suggest uh Yeah. Is anybody um really against teletext? No? Just that, that we just keep the teletext. I think that's a good idea as well, especially for the subtitles. Maybe we can make that um another point of advantage in our remote control, if we uh make a k a button ex for example for big subtitles, which is instantly on the remote control. For elderly people they can think, oh I wanna have subtitles, and they push the button and they get the big subtitles. Um so I think teletext can v can be very useful in our advantage. Um Functionality should be few buttons, you said. I think uh that's very important we have a few buttons. So to keep it simple. No. Yeah. But do you need But do you need the buttons for one to zero. Maybe c we can Maybe we can use uh No, maybe we can implement the scroll button? Or a joystick like? There are other ways too. Just look if you look at telephones. The Sony telephone has a scroll button which is very useful in searching names or That's right. the numbers yeah. Yeah they can see how much buttons there are going to be on on the display, and if it's too much we can uh reconsider it. But I think there won't be very much buttons. Or there don't have to be a lot. The number of buttons? I think it's very important in the in the design. You can make a very fancy design uh with putting the buttons on the right places. And if you have less buttons you can do a lot more with To operate only the T_V_ yeah. No. So. 'Kay. So we can Yeah. That's right. Yeah. So you suggest we could better um focus on for example the docking station. Uh uh like other functions. Instead of f of less buttons. Mm. No. Do you think the docking station will uh is allowed in the budget we have? 'Cause it can be No. Yeah. Because I think that's uh That's a good advantage point as well. If we have a fancy-looking docking station or very That's a nice requirement. Docking station. I think so. Yeah. That's a good point. Um You said they easily get lost as well. Yeah. So maybe we should implement the audio sign, or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So audio signal should be possible as well. I think it's not too expensive. Uh another point is the L_C_D_ screen. Um I don't know if that will rise the cost too much, because Yeah. It will be too much as well. Yeah. Based. Just the L_C_D_. Oh just the normal screen. That's a good idea. So Some extra info. Feedback. Yeah. I think that's a good idea as well. As the small screen. Extra button info. I think that should be possible as well. Um let's see what did we say. Mm. More. Should be fancy to, fancy design, easy to learn. Few buttons, we talked about that. Docking station, L_C_D_. Um general functions Yeah. 'Kay. And default materials. I think that's a good idea as well, because um elderly people don't mind if it's a titanium cover or just a plastic one. So that doesn't really matter. So I think we nee Uh let's um specify the target group. Because are we talking about elderly elderly people or people from forty to eighty. Because I think what we're going to design now is for people above sixty, maybe. Uh what do we want? If we want um a with uh for example the the telephone for elderly people, we can target the real elderly people. Yeah. So that's the Now you're talking about sixty to eighty for example. Yeah. Sixty. Okay. And different cultures. Are we Okay. No. We've got five minutes left just now. Small warning. Should Yeah. In different languages, you know. Yeah. or you have to put a language button in it, but that will be a bit unnecessary I think. It's better to put it on different markets with it all. Okay. So that's the the target. Uh then a few small things. Uh okay. I will put the minutes in the project uh project document folder. Um what we're going to do for the next meeting is the Industrial Designer will do the components concept, User Interface Designer the user interface concept, and the trend-watching. So just keep in mind the things we've said about the target group, uh requirements, and the trends which are uh going on. And uh specific instructions will be sent to you by uh the personal coach. So um I thank you for this meeting. And I think we have a lunch-break now. So that's a good thing.