And then you have to place your laptop exactly on the marked spot. It's important to place your laptop exactly on the marked spot over here. No. Yeah. Try the power button. Huh. Yeah, my name is name. Yeah? Everybody's ready? Great. Well, welcome to the kick-off meeting. I uh forgot to put my name over here, it's uh it's Martin. Uh, so you all know. Well, this is the agenda for today. Well, the opening is what I'm doing right now. Uh, we gonna do some acquaintance acquaintance things. Uh give some um examples of the tool training, project plan discussion and the closing. We have twenty five minutes. Okay, the project aim is to design a new remote control. Uh, some of the oje objectives are that is has to be original, trendy, and user-friendly. So now we all know what our goal is. Um, I oh forget I forget the whole acquaintance part, but we we all know each other. We all know each other's names. Joost, Guido, Antek. Okay. I think we uh al already uh been through that part. Okay, it consists of uh three levels of design. Uh we begin with the functional design, then we go to the conceptual design and the detailed design. Every uh level of design consists of some individual work, and we uh close it with a meeting. You all received an email with a example of our explanation of what uh the particular level of design uh means to the different uh functions, and uh you p you probably read that already, so I don't have to tell you about that. Okay, first we're gonna um uh gonna try some different things with the tools we have over here, so you get acquainted with these uh um uh meeting tools. We have the smart-boards, uh the thes those two boards. This is the presentation boards, wh which one I'm using right now. You can uh um there's a document folder called um the sh shared document folder. You can upload your uh documents to that folder and then you can open them over here, so you can do your PowerPoint presentations on this screen. We also have the white-board. Uh, we're gonna skip through th No, no. Just on the on the screen over there. Oh, no. Probably is, but I don't know if the software is on the laptop. Is is if it's mainly a thing for in the meeting, so I don't think it's I don't know if it's important. This an explanation of the smart-boards. There is a tool-bar over here. It's quite simple. You have the the pen function, eraser function. It's like a very simple uh paint application. Uh, we well, we use the same file during uh the whole day, and uh you can make new sheets by uh by pu puttin pressing on the blank button. It works like this. Oh. If pen is selected, yes. Oh, no no. It's not But it is pen. It's not working like a pen yet. Huh. Huh. It's doing some stuff now. So you can use a pen. You can use an eraser. And you can make new uh fi uh new blanks, and you can change uh the line width and the colour of the pen by pressing on forward, which y you have to select pen format. And then select current colour or line width. So, it's quite easy. Uh well, now you're all uh acquainted with the different tools. Right, we're gonna try out the electronic white-boards. Uh, every participant should draw his favourite animal and some of its favourite characteristics, on blank sheets with different colours, with different pen widths. Uh, I'll start off then. I'll use this uh same sheet. Alright. Oh, let me think. Different colours. Oh. Well, I'm gonna draw um a p piranha. Uh, a fish. Uh. Mm-hmm. I'm gonna use some different colour now. Some a little white. Looks like a fish. Think it is. Oh. Oh. Uh, colour. This is black? I think so. Oh. Oh, this is just uh useless uh drawings but Oh teeth. I need teeth. Well, they're not supposed to be green, or whatever colour this is. Okay. What was uh I have su to sum up its favourite characteris Well, I like its uh sharp razor sharp teeth. Plus, uh the the big uh forehead and uh a small uh, well a small actual face. And I like its overall uh aggressive look and Well, that's what I like about uh piranha. I think that's kind of what uh the intention should be. Well, who wants to be next? You go, Guido? Okay. Uh, make a new sheet. Uh, it's by pressing on blank. Yep. Yep. And uh so in the format menu you can choose the different uh colours and uh pen widths. Well, tell us something about uh your favourite characteristics of these uh particular birds. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. No, uh it's clear. N no no. We get your point. Okay. Who wants to be next? Oh. I'll do so. Okay. Well, you can have a piranha at home. Huh. I don't think uh I don't think uh Darwin would agree with that.. Okay. What do you like about it then? Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, and then we are uh through the tool training, I guess. Okay, this is uh something about the project finance. The selling price of our remote control is gonna be twenty five Euros. And our profit aim is fifteen million Euros. We're very ambitious on this one. The market range is international, so it's gonna be sold world-wide, and the production cost should be a maximum of twelve Euro fifty per remote control. So that's clear. Yeah? Okay, we're now gonna discuss some stuff when well, we're gonna brainstorm about uh what kind of kemoro romo remote control it's gonna be. Uh, well tell me about your experiences with the remote controls. Do you have uh know what good experiences with remote controls? Or do they annoy you sometimes? Are they difficult to understand, or maybe they don't interact with different kind of uh equipment very well? Yeah, okay. Okay. Different functions of of uh Okay. Yeah. Okay. And uh, is it gonna be a remote control that's um what it can be used for different kind of equipment, like your T_V_ and your home stereo? Uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But uh, the D_V_D_ players and home cinema sets often double as stereo hi-fi sets probably. It's what, from my experience. Okay. But we gonna Oh, it is only for televis So wha what What wha what uh what document But, where where did it uh Where did you find that? Oh, okay. Yeah, but most television remote controls support other functions as well. So we can No, we have to think about that. Okay, uh but uh we've gonna put some a uh is is it so user-friendliness, is a is a pri priority in this case, or Okay. Well, this the maybe is uh some aspect of the uh, or or some point at at which we can excel by making it very useful. That w Well, then you're you're the usability uh man, so this uh gonna be a very important task for you then. Okay. Well, other ideas? How can we make it trendy or something? Do uh by just sh shape and the look of it? Maybe a can opener underneath it? I don't know. Or someth something special, like uh M_P_ three player inside of it, or uh Oh, well then the production costs are gonna be too high probably. Okay. Maybe with different type of fronts or uh Well, m has to be something spectacular or uh one which makes it We gonna skip back to the goals probably. Uh, original, trendly, and user-friendly Well, we al also already talked about user-friendliness. No, well something trendy and original, well that that goes hand in hand I guess. When something is original, it tends to be trendy, probably, or we should make it combination of that. 'Kay, so you the um technical part of the process is something you're gonna look after for, so you have to think about what kind of uh equipment you want to uh, you know, you want to manage with it. Well, and that's an important part for you then, with gogors regards to the user-friendly part of it. Well, and you uh should look out for what makes it trendy. Well, you know, y like some special feature. Or some Does it does it gets some gadgetness or something. Okay. Well, the closing. Next meeting starts in thirty minutes. Individual, I think so. The the Industrial Designer will w or the working design, of course, we will uh Already s said that. The User Interface Designer is it a User Inter User Interface the technical functions design. And the Management Expert of uh the Marketing Expert. User requirements specifi Well, this one was already clear to us. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. I don't know how much time we have left. Oh, not many I guess. We started at twelve. Oh, and what does it said? W Okay, well um No, we're uh ahead of schedule then. Yeah, close it. I'm gonna make some minutes or take some minutes. And uh it's it's clear you can put the stuff in the project documents presentations. You can all Or we're all uh Yeah. Yeah, but we're all familiar with uh uh Microsoft PowerPoint, are we? Yeah, okay. I'm gonna wri uh write some stuff down and then we're ready. Or we can leave already I guess. or uh or sh or should we uh or is important that we leave at exact uh Okay. Yes. We'll see each other in uh thirty minutes. Yeah, good luck.