Good morning, Flores. Marketing Expert. Right. For the cameras Alright. Geez. You have the same message of uh Windows cannot um sen oh stand-by. Close the the window. So That's right. Ruud. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Alright. Okay. Progressions. It's for the vision. Yeah. Sensors. But we all use the same white-board file So we can work together on it while we're or should we only use it in the in the meetings? Yeah, okay. Yeah, alright. Yep. It's a bunny. But of course, Flores. Blank. Yeah, I'm think about it too. Format. Well, it looked more than a bunny than a cat, but it works, right? With a very small legs. You should feed that uh that animal. Okay. Okay. And for a cell phone? Yeah, okay. Yeah. But Yeah, but the infrared, it's uh, well, a little bit old-fashioned, if you would call it like that. But all the T_V_s are uh equipped with infrared, so y you you can Most of them. Or you shou sh use a you should equip infrared and Bluetooth together in one remote. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, I had a few uh things in mind. Um well, the interoperability, just like uh Sebastian said, um the remote should work on different T_V_s or even different uh um Yeah uh, what is it, devices? Um so i i I think it's a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in uh a store. It's not for uh for uh for uh Philips or whatever to buy our remote for their own product, right? Yeah, I do I don't know that. It's no I have uh don't have the information for it. No, okay. Yeah. Um Well, the techni fu technical function uh what you said is just by pressing the button you should change the state of the T_V_. That's just the basic f technical function. So that was my really my part for uh this session. Um Well, that's just the fu the technical function is pure what should the remote control do, wh what is his task uh as an uh as an uh device. It just should change the T_V_'s state. So that's it. Um but furthermore Yeah. Yeah, with buttons. Yeah, or maybe you want a touch-screen or But Yeah. They're very vu vulnerable. Yeah. Yeah. And for other user interface I had um, well, it's more industrial thing. Uh point at a T_V_, I think it's it's quite disturbing when you always have to point directly to the T_V_, so you must point everywhere, so maybe infrared is Yeah, just don't even point it, so in that case infrared should uh maybe uh be restriction to that. Yeah, if you g if you go to radio or or yeah. For T_V_, you're always in in the neighbourhood of a T_V_, so I don't think think the range should be a problem to that, but if you want to uh get it working with a radio, and you're in outside your garden with just one uh speaker, then maybe the range should be uh But Yeah. Two more things. Um You should able to feel the buttons without uh it mis um you have to know what you do without looking at the buttons, so it should be as user interface um for feeling should be uh good to understand. You must feel the buttons for volume or whatever, I think. And of course you don't always know where all buttons are, so it should be visible al um in dark too. So when it's dark Those are two really uh user interface Yeah. That's perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Well, maybe I um but it it can be quite simple, you can just have white buttons with a black mark on it. The uh the the digits in black. Uh then it's already visible in dark. So it it don't have to be a lightning or or a fancy well, it can be for design, of course. Just remind something. The digits of uh the the painting on the buttons should not fade. You have a m uh Always have s the soft buttons, always uh clear the the the paint on it. The marks. Yeah. But um Necessary, yeah. Yeah. But then Bluetooth uh might be problem. 'Cause I think Bluetooth uh Yeah, I know it from the cell phone. But you can't you can't use Bluetooth all the time, twenty four hours a day. Does it It's over? Okay. Great.