Good afternoon. Sure. I'll start off then. Doh. 'Kay I'm uh gonna inform you about the trend-watching I've done over the past few days. Um we've done some market research. We distributed some more enquetes, questionnaires. And um besides that um I deployed some trend-watchers to Milan and Paris to well get all of the newest trends. And I've consulted some additional trend-watch trend-watchers, after the original trend-watchers return, about what the the best design would be. Um okay these are some overall findings. Um most important thing is the fancy design. Um the research indicated that that was by far the most important factor. Um innovativeness was about half as important as the fancy design. By innovativeness this means um functions which are not featured in other remote controls. Um about half of, half as important as the innovativeness was the was easy to use. Um for our um group, we're focusing on the people of sixty to eighty y years old, this is um, these factors are slightly more equal. 'Kay these are some more group specific findings. Uh the older people prefer dark colours. Uh they like recognisable shapes, and familiar material. And our surveys have indicated that especially wood is pretty much the material for older people. Um this is, this image will give you a little bit of an impression about um the look-and-feel that um the remote should have. Um this leads us to some personal preferences. Uh the remote control and the docking station should uh blend in in the in the room. Um so this would mean no uh eye-catching designs. Just keep it simple and Well the docking station and small screen would be our main points of interest, because this would be the These would uh be the innovativeness in the remote control. So this would be very important that we at least include these features. Um well the trend-watchers I consulted advised that it b should be, the remote control and the docking station should be telephone-shaped. So you could imagine that uh the remote control will be standing up straight in the docking station. This is not really This is pretty much a new shape to uh older people. So they would prefer uh a design where the remote control just lies flat in the docking station. So it would be kinda more telephone-shaped. Um besides that we would advise um to bring two editions, one with a wood-like colour and maybe feel, and one with a grey-black colour. The wood-like for the more uh exclusive people. People with more money. Uh the grey-black colour for well people with less means. That would be all. Any questions? And how exactly does the kinetic energy work? You just You use it and it works. Okay. Well personally I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it. And besides that you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete. And I think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we can um get great popularity for our product. Um wel Yeah you could load up the batteries, you could um insert the find the lost remote control function in there. That's true. I'm wondering um what will the voice recognition mean for the production price? 'Cause in our earlier um market research, if you'd allow me to go to the flat board, SMARTboard. Um so it was open here. Um we also um asked if w they would, if people would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control. Well you can see here, our target group would not do that. So if that would increase the price for which we're selling our remote control I would greatly advise not to do it. I think that would be better to uh insert in our other product, that is meant for the younger people. Um well this is Yeah but this is here the question was, would you prefer it. So that doesn't really mean they wouldn't pay extra for it. And on top of that the L_C_D_ screen would um help in making the remote control easier to use. And I think a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use. Um well this was for like an L_C_D_ screen like you would have on a on the the most advanced mobile phones. So pretty large. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well And I think most important factor there is the wooden colour. So it wouldn't actually have to be wood, if it's just wood-coloured. Probably. Yeah that is true. Yeah. We would have to look carefully into the design though. 'Cause we would have to make one w uh control which would fit in with a wooden cover and a plastic cover. The more original one, or the more standard one. So that would Well I wouldn't design a telephone but Well no I think w we should just, we should then just design one um one remote, but it would have to be fancy with either the wood cover or the plastic one. So, but that shouldn't be too much of a problem. Um I heard our Industrial Designer talk about uh flat, single and double curved. Could you explain that a little more? Mm-hmm. And what would single curved and double curved mean? Okay. So we can pretty much just do whatever we want. 'Kay. That's good. No just to lie down. We'll go for that. Well or besides it. Mm-hmm. Um you uh said you wanted to put the um changing channels button on the right side, so you could, so your thumb would be easily Well uh I think that was a very good point 'cause I pointed out earlier that a lot of remotes cause R_S_I_. So that would be great for that. Um I thought maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both the left and the right side. For left-handed users also. For the volume. Um well that could Yeah we could do that but I'm not sure if that would be very good for the easy, ease of use. But if we would make um a changing channels and changing volume button on both sides, that would certainly yield great options for the design of the remote. 'Cause it could be made all symmetrical and stuff. That is true. Yeah. Yeah. That is true. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And I'd prefer the corners to be round. Think that would be better. Friendly on the eye. Yeah. Yeah. Very good.