G good morning. Oh yeah. Are you ready? You should put the laptop uh right into the square. For i for the cameras, yes. Good morning, Sebastian. I'm fine. Um well, actually I didn't go, didn't feel like it. So Do you want to open it as read-only. Um I guess I should close it here. Okay, the waiting is for our Marketing Expert, Ruud. Um project kick-off. Yes, there is actually. Um I will li list the agenda for today. For this meeting. Good morning, Ruud. Uh it's important um yeah, great. It's important that the laptops are um exactly on the square, um for the cameras. Okay. Okay. Um we're here to develop uh a new product. Um I'm sure you've had a mail from our account manager about it. Um and um this is the first meeting to to generate some uh uh some ideas about it. Um you are here in a specific role. Uh Ruud is here as the Marketing Expert, Roo is here as the User Interface Designer and Sebastian is here uh in the role of Industrial Designer. Is that correct? Okay. Um we're going to do um uh uh a little tool training uh for the tools we are going to use uh during uh the meetings we are going to have here. Um then I will tell you a little bit about my idea of the project plan, uh and we will have a discussion. Uh this meeting should take no more than twenty five minutes, so we should keep that in mind. There is? Yeah, there is. No problem. Um okay, this new product we are are g are going to develop, um it's a remote control, a television remote control. Um and first of all it should be original, it should be trendy and user-friendly. Those are kind of easy um uh uh goals, um and I'm sure we can find more goals for the for the product we are going to develop. Um we will discuss uh later on more ideas about uh how the remote should look and how it sh it should function and all those kind of things. The market, we should have a look at the market. Um we are going to use a a pred a project method uh during uh this development, um which consists of three different design stages. Uh the functional design, the conceptual design and the detailed design, um all of these stages um um mean that we do some individual work, prepare, and then uh meet to discuss our uh uh the the the progressions, yes. Um the first stage, the functional design um we are going to search for the user requirements, and we will um make a specific uh specification of that. Um the second is the technical functional design, um what effect should the remote have? Well in this case control t the the television I think. Um and the last one is the working design. How exactly does it work in the technical sense. Um the other design stages, uh we will discuss that later. So we'll kop it keep it with the functional design. Okay, um before we think about remote control we will um work with some of the tools we have uh here. Um as you see now I can give a presentation. Um it's also possible to use this one as well. You can uh uh display pr uh two presentations if you want to. Um to um presentate, to show us uh a file you'll need to uh place it in your project documents folder, which is on your desktop, at least it should be. Um then we have this electronic white-board system. Um yeah, I will show that now. Um you can draw on the board using this pen. There are little um uh sensors, so do not grab it here, but a lit more a little bit more to the uh to the end. Um well, it it's on the um eraser now, so we click the pen button. Okay, so not too fast writing. Um you can insert a new um slide or or white-board uh uh file um by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button. It's quite the same. Um all our um whi um uh SMARTboard um notes should be kept in the same file. So do not m make a new file. Just use this one uh during the day. Um you can use the eraser to make something go away. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, in the meetings, only in the meetings. It's really like like a regu regular whiteboard. Um you can choose the format, um sorry. Uh Let me see. Um Well I guess it's maybe because I'm not s uh pen selected. Yep. Current colour, you can choose another colour. And um for example black, and you c I can choose the line width. Um so now I d have a different line width and uh colour. Okay. Quite easy, if you uh do have any questions, just c ask me. Um to um oh well, I'm I wrote down the documents uh should be in the project documents folder if you want to uh discuss it with us. Um as a little training um I will ask Ruud first to draw uh uh your own animal on a new slide uh with uh a different colour and a different line width than the one uh now selected. A rabbit. Okay, well great. Um Roo, could you do the same please? But a different animal with a different colour and a different line width. Sebastian is thinking about the animal. Okay. It it should be a cat. Okay? I'm guessing a horse. Yes, okay. Beautiful. Okay, so um you can use this at any time during the presentation if you want to. Um any questions well, just just let me know. Um okay, back to our project. Um the remote control we are going to develop um will have a selling price of about twenty five Euros. Uh the profit we are looking for for this product is fifty million Euros, which is quite a number. Um we uh we will focus this internationally, so the product will be sold um, if there is market uh interest, uh in in more than one country. And um the production costs should not be more than uh twelve Euro fifty, so we should keep that in mind by uh w w during the development, um because uh, well, those are important numbers. Um then the discussion, maybe the time for Sebastian to show his presentation. Limitations. Okay. Okay, great. Yeah. Okay, so the the main por uh the main points you are uh telling us are focus on the inter uh operability, and Okay, and and uh Okay. Okay, good. Um that was your presentation? Okay, okay. Um okay. Great. Um I'll go back to my own presentation. Um Mm. Okay. Um I I do think it's time now to to discuss uh mm some things. Um Sebastian told us a few things about the technical implemen uh implications. Um there are other things like um how to make it trendy, which is I think uh um most uh Ru uh Ruud's uh role. Um the way how it should be controlled by the user, which is uh Roo uh r uh during this part. Um so let's start with you. H how do you think the remote should um function for the user? Yep. Okay, so we're we're going business to consumer, not we're we're it's not a No. No. Yeah. Uh Ruud, y do you agree? Okay. Okay. Yeah. So is that ease of use or uh is that more like um Okay. Uh-huh. Maybe not even pointed. Yeah. Okay Uh Okay, gentlemen, um uh just a reminder, we d we have five minutes left for this meeting um okay. Okay, s yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh I'll write down glow in the dark. Is tha Okay. Okay, um uh I just want to hear uh Ruud's um input for this meeting. Um do you have anything already w um ab idea about how the market uh will respond to the such a product? Or what we should take um in account when developing such a product? Mm-hmm. Because? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay, Sebastian, did you have any other ideas? Okay. Yeah, yeah, okay, because because we wa we want to develop a trendy product. So Yeah, twelve Euro fifty, yeah. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay, um I ha I have one point f um which which comes in mind now. Um uh d I think the device should either be rechargeable very easily um or it should not consume too much um power. Because it's very annoying if you need to change the batteries every s uh uh every other week. So um maybe we could um for example uh only light the buttons that are um uh applicable at that moment or yeah. I dunno, it's uh that's more Sebastian's uh um Well does it? I'm not sure. Uh Yeah. Okay. Gentlemen, I'm afraid we do not have any more time. Um so we will go back to our own uh work. Um next meeting starts in thirty minutes and um, well, you know your o your individual actions or your personal coach will probably email you about th it. Um so this was it. See you in thirty minutes.