Yeah I I just saw it one minute ago. When I uh Yeah. Yeah pretty much. Mm. Yeah that's my presentation. Mm? Oh right. Ooh. Well Alright. Huh. You read the newsflash? Hmm. What? Hmm. alt delete.. So it doesn't draw the attention away. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I had a whole idea and then just was typing it and then oh. I have to do that so switch. Mm. By your humble P_M_. Yeah that's fine. We have to start it right away? Functional? Yeah functional requirements. Alright. I'm gonna talk about functional requirements. Um Well uh some research has be done uh has been done. Uh observing of one hundred uh subjects in the usability lab using a remote control. Uh and they also filled in a questionnaire. The findings were um, well you can see them for yourself. They disliked the look-and-feel of current remotes controls. Users think they're ugly. Um they do not match the the operating behaviour of the users. So they they d they don't match what they want to have on it. Um they are often lost somewhere in the room. Um it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. And they're bad for R_S_I_. I don't know uh how a user can reach that but okay. Um there is also uh was also some research on uh the most relevant and and and irrelevant uh f functions. Uh most irrelevant and less used were audio settings, mono, stereo, uh pitch, bass. Um screen settings for brightness and colour and stuff like that. Um but they are used. I mean the Yeah they do need to be on the on the remote control. I mean if you can't control the the sound settings I mean if you dislike a very uh loud bass or something, you you need to change that. So um yeah we have to. We c we c Yeah I mean w we can't my my T_V_ has, but we we can leave them uh away. Uh most relevant, uh most used functions, uh they speak for themselves I guess. Uh power button, uh channel, volume selection. Uh teletext but we can skip that because I saw the newsflash, and teletext is so outdated that it it's i should not be used uh any more in the future. So forget this one. Uh channel settings, so for programming uh your channels in in the right order. Yeah, on on the project uh No so it's a text file n in the project folder. So teletext can be skipped. Um there was some research on new features in a remote control. Uh about an L_C_D_ screen uh and speech recognition. Well we got an update for the for the audience. Or the the the targeted group. So it's above forty I guess. The new product? Or below because that's pretty relevant. I thought I read a Yeah? Below? Okay well that's that's in the newsfla okay that's a good to know. Um because you see see a clear distinction between the age groups, concerning the features. I mean uh above forty people are not so interested uh not so interested in a screen or speech recognition. Uh but below that age they uh they pretty much are. So I think we can build that in. Um Yeah well we can skip this part as well, because I thought I read above forty so we could skip the features, but we just have to build them in because uh they find it very interesting. Um well we have to keep all the classic functions but make the buttons as user-friendly as possible. Um and and also there's so not only the design of the bus uh buttons but o how you can push them, and stuff like that. So the physical uh aspect of it. Um And I think and certainly for for the for the lower age groups, uh nice design, which uh does not make the remote control in your room. It's it's actually a part of your interior, of of your design in your room. So it's the people can say, well what's that, well that's my remote control, so it's d it has to look nice and feel nice, and and have all the functions that uh Yeah so the the logo has to be uh present yeah, and the colours as well. Yeah so but I I don't think that's that's a problem because the thing has to have a colour anyway, and most of the times there is a brand present on it. So I think that's not gonna gonna affect it very uh very much. Well that are the the consequences uh on a marketing uh part. Yes.. Yeah. Just yeah. Sure. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and and and marketing research stated that that that kind of users are not afraid of of a lot of functions. So not not too much but yeah. And the speech recognition yeah. Yeah from age of sixteen so yeah. Mm. Yeah but uh the the newsflash also stated that it should control only one device, only your television. So w So there are not extra options in this case, but uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah well what what we can do with the screen is is all the the configuration options, you can put that in the screen. And the and the yeah screen menu to to to uh to do that, and then the basic function just on the device itself. So it looks very simple and all the advanced features are hidden in the screen, uh with a clear menu. Uh. What are wh What. Yeah well it yeah it didn't it didn't say what they want to do with the screen. Well I, my guess is it's it's pretty handy for advanced uh advanced functions. Yeah searching for channels, programming them. Yeah. Yeah. Well you can improvise right? So we we can go for So we can go for the look-and-feel of the the left example, and then a screen on top of it. Yeah. Design? Yeah. Okay. Yeah frequency. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah we want to incorporate in uh into it. Mm. group of users, or because it says below forty I mean. I guess that's that's the tar yeah uh or male and female Uh six the marketing research started on s on the age of sixteen. Sixteen to twenty five, twenty five to thirty five, thirty five to forty five, something like that. So um How do you mean? Uh sixteen to forty. Well I I guess people of sixteen are are quite used to technology. So they they adapt to it pretty soon I guess. Yeah. But uh all incorporated in the screen or or just on the remote itself? Yeah like like you have a visual of the of the brightness with with a kind of sliding bar and a bus and and stuff like that for sound and and vis and and visuals? Uh you can make a if you make a drawing. Uh Uh. Uh black's okay. And draw it very big. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah well, this is basically uh it's alright the remote? Um well usually the power button is on top I guess. Yeah so it should fit right in into your hand. Right. Right. I most people are right-handed so maybe left-handed special addition, but okay. If you put it like like here. Or something. I dunno. Um then you could put a screen, like on a mobile phone, also on top I guess. Okay so y yeah you have you have it in your hand, and the screen is below, and the buttons are in the middle. Okay for example if you put the screen here, it's more about the functions now than the than the layout. Doesn't work too well. It's uh it's bent.. Yeah. Right. Okay you get it. Uh for example if y if you put all the Right. Yeah. Maybe this. kind of works. Like if you have like uh ten buttons for for all the for all the channels, um and here one for for Yeah that that usually uh like here, here, here, here. So you have up and down for the for the channels, and left and right for the volume uh Yeah. Yeah. And you you have most of the time you have one button in the middle. It says menu, and then if you press it you the screen gets activated and then you can use these buttons to scroll up and down and left and right to go into functon and then just mo most of the time this menu button is also like okay, to to confirm a a kind of action. So you scroll into it, okay. You select a function like v like uh bass. You just adjust it with these two buttons. Then okay to confirm, and then uh on on each on each screen there's there should be an option to go back to a to a upper level. And then finally say okay, exit. Or or one button to exit it. Uh in one time I dunno, that's not really my department. That's more your uh your department to to uh to Yeah. But it should be if the screen is here then the logo should be like on on top, yeah. I mean it's uh Yeah. Yeah I mean the position of the screen is also more essential than I mean we we look where we have space left and then put the logo over there. But um Yeah so it should be I mean if you have it in your hand here, should be on top somewhere, maybe. I mean i That's not sure but it's Yeah I mean a screen on top looks more lo logical to me. Also because people use m mobile phones and they also have the screen on top. So you you just have to reach a little bit for the power button. I mean if you grab it. But most most of the times if a if if a T_V_'s on standby people just press a channel to put it on. So we put this on top, and then make the corporate logo like over here. R_R_. And j and the microphone, I mean it can be very small. If you look at your mobile phones are some stripes, little little holes. Yeah maybe on the side. I mean if the if the microphone is good. Yeah okay. So on the on the top is better. Yeah.. Yeah it doesn't matter that much. So but um the screen is on top? Which functions did we have left? I mean this is basically numbers, volume, uh channel up and down. Screen is over there. Yeah. Yeah. That's uh that's a good one. Yeah. Sound? Yeah. Equaliser. So if you have sound But not too advanced. I mean most T_V_s use only treble and bass. Yeah. It's uh pretty hard to write. Mm. Okay but you have sound? Yeah just oh y you have digital uh better write it down over there yeah. So you have sound. Yeah. Uh yeah sound and then within sound I guess treble and bass? Yeah. Also. Pitch. Yeah. But pitch, isn't that yeah that's the the height of the tone. Yeah okay, wh why would you use that? If people like talk like uh Yeah. Programming part. Uh so we have sound, yeah? Channel programming. Mm. I think it g it gets annoying. I mean most mobile phones used that in the beginning but Yeah. Yeah but people don't want to sit on their knees on their knees in front of their television with only three buttons then it's very hard to y yeah contrast and brightness? Yeah those are the most used I guess. If you look at your monitor. Well yeah well I guess that these were the only ones, I guess. Yeah. I will look it up. Yeah with the chip and then I mean Uh yeah. Well yeah we have power button, whether that's present. Channel volume selection present. Uh numbers present. Yeah a audio settings, mono, stereo, pitch, bass, treble. Screen settings, brightness and colour. Yeah con contrast is Yeah okay, colour and brightness. Um and what you say, channel settings or channel programming? So you you have an option to to start scanning all the frequencies, and when it encounters one, well it shows on your T_V_. And then you can um Uh and then you can select uh a number in your remote on which you want to save it. Yeah, autoseek. Well most T_V_s automatically display the name, which they get through the cable. Yeah. So you only have to choose the position on your It only has to match the the channel frequency on your T_V_, with with the with the position on your T_V_ and and so your remote. If you already programmed it. If you want to move it. Yeah that should be possible too. Yeah how do you call that? Mm? Wait you you should be able to to browse through a list or something, which w displays all the all the values, all the channels which are possible. I mean like one to f thirty of or ninety or whatever. Just browse through it and then um in some kind of way see if it if it if it is programmed. Yeah. Swap channels. So you most of the time if you if you swap it S uh let's say for example you have uh R_T_L_ five on on channel five. And Veronica on channel eight and you want to move Veronica to channel five, um most of the times you override the previous uh the previous one. Yeah. It's it's pretty uh yeah I mean you have to look on on the menu on the T_V_. Yeah. Or or is it too hard to to ju to just do it all on your remote? To programme the channels? Uh. Yeah. No. That's true. That's true. Yeah. So we have a figure a figure out a way to to do that easily. I mean th the autoseek is is not a problem. I mean you uh you uh current channel and then then it just says, uh on which number do you want to save this, and you just press a number on your remote, and then say confirm, okay, and then it's it's saved. It's easier, it's it's it's harder to, if you have already programmed it, to to swap. So we have to think of something for that. Yeah k kind of structure into layers. So And and the layout of of the thing itself.. Maybe more on Okay. Yeah. Yeah I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. With with some l with some layers in it. So some menus. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess this this button, the the the okay, menu okay. Or you can incorporate two uh difference uh different buttons. Uh like uh for your mobile phone. Um so this is only for to get in the menu, or to exit it. And then one to confirm, and one to go one step back. So it's like the the save button on your your mobile phone, if you have a Nokia or like that. Or the or the no button. To go one step back you it's only two extra buttons, but if it if it's very clear that they are for the screen Yeah because this this is used for both. Into your screen. Okay. So you l should leave the menu button out of here. And and just put it under the screen, the screen Yeah. But we should place the screen on top, right? Yeah. Yeah. You just you just find out and. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, or confirm and back. Whatever. Yeah. Should we save this picture, or or you know what it looks like? Yeah. That that just to to activate the screen. So And then with these buttons, woa, y you navigate. Yeah. L l litten up yeah. That's very good idea. Alright. Yeah that's a good idea because then it becomes clear which buttons are active now, which you can use. Yeah. So Those buttons are are lit up. But just one thing. Should we use those two? Them? Or only this to to scroll? And then use the two functional buttons to confirm, to go into something? Oh no we have to use this to adjust some some bars? Yeah. And maybe we should use this also as an okay button, still. And then just only a back button. Yeah? Yeah. And one back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We have to ask. Yes. Yeah. Time pressure. Yeah we'll kick your ass later. No. Uh. Aye Y you saved it? Does it save automatically in the project folder? Or Okay. We'll see. Just put back my laptop. Alright. Yeah you can open it with the picture preview or stuff like that. internet. Alright.