It's It won't wake up. Yeah. I was a bit early. Like What? No, I just came in. Uh normally I was one of them. Come on. Why won't it wake up? Is it on? But how? Ah, there it is. Uh. Yeah, I received an email as well. Which one was mine? The minutes. No, just tell us. Yes. Hmm. Yeah, more. Well, I'll I'll get back on it. Spongy. Spongy, like sponge. Uh soft materials. Yeah, but Yeah. Soft, sponge. Yeah, but Yeah. How are you gonna make it? Yeah. Yeah, I'll get back on that. Well, I got f also an email from the the technology department. They have done uh research about it, and uh even more possibilities now with speech. So they recommended using it. Well I'll check what they exact mean. So uh Yeah, th that's the only problem. I d They don't say how much it will cost, so Um but uh if we implement uh speech recognition, I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well. Since you have to uh configure speech thing. Yeah, that's that's something I dunno. Yeah, so uh we gotta de We have to decide on that. Mm uh L_D_C_ doesn't require Okay. And speech recognition? Advanced. Yeah. I'll I'll give you my design. Yeah okay. So we Well we can I had uh to make a sort of a design. So I did some searching on the internet. I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls. I think we should um This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment. I think we should go more to the iPod and M_P_ three players. Mobile phones. More modern. Y yes. Um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller. 'Cause remote con control, you can see it here, you have to bo reach both out both sides. And here you just have one, few buttons. So that's that's the main difference. But looks uh I definitely think we should go like this. And then changeable fonts, so It's the most important part, I think. But And the home base is something like that, something simple. Well and then I just ordered the the buttons a bit. Uh basic buttons. On-off, mute. And th maybe two others, I dunno. Text buttons. Yeah, text button, maybe there and there. And then the colour buttons, if we want it on. I don't find it very usable, but it's Uh I don't think it's fits in the the modern theme as well. So and then yeah we saw the the pla display, in the the iPod. They can put the basic buttons, one, two, three, four. And uh f above ten. And I think No no. That th there is no display there. But it's on the place of the display. And I think we should uh light this up much more than that part. So the focus is on these two parts. So you don't see all the buttons you else need. Uh well um This is how it is now. Um Here uh Well we have volume. Yeah. Well here we have also side scrolls. I dunno if we can use that. Do we want to use For volume? Well then we can even simplify it more. By just putting the volume on the side. And and just channel buttons here. But I think uh Well. Yeah, well it's Basically it's it's here. They're on top? You mean uh these to the low? Oh okay. Well, yeah. Mm Maybe. I dunno, but yeah we'll Yeah, maybe it's not easy if it's below. It's harder to zap. So I think uh it should be should be easy to. I think it's pretty standard, these rubber buttons on the top. And uh if you don't light 'em up, they don't uh you don't see 'em very good. I think it's modern to light this area up, and to light this area up. So the focus gets on these parts and not on there. But uh the position of course can be different. It's s We have to look uh what's easy to use, and how it's easier to use. So we can uh switch these to I dunno if it l will look good, if you put those on t on the bottom half. Okay. Yeah, maybe Those two, yeah. And uh, yeah, you have to make sure it's easy to uh Yes, it has to be big enough so you can hold it, right. Well that's that's my findings. So uh my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look. M_P_ three player. And uh well um if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something, we I don't think we should put it on top then. I think that, if we're gonna put in more technology, that you need to be able to uh switch it open. To use So if you put in uh speech recognition, you need so more uh many more buttons. Which won't look good on the front side I think. So that's something we have to decide on. Yeah. What we're gonna do. Okay. Yeah well uh iPod is trendy. And it is well curved square. Okay. So not Yeah okay. Not uh the old uh box look. Mm Yeah, it's Black yellow control. Yeah, but uh I don't think the the colours black and yellow go well together. But Yeah, okay. Uh can't we use um different uh fron uh fronts, with all with the the logo on it? Can we do that? So Yes. So Yeah. But with all with logo on it. Yeah. Well one of the options. You can Just like a mobile phone, you can make um different fronts on it. So you can just replace them I think. That was the idea, or just uh release one. Yeah, uh Or just uh sell different ones. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I uh I dunno. A more Yeah, just uh I think uh rubber really has an odd look. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, like mobile phones. Like uh the iPod. Uh just I dunno what uh kind of material it is. But Oops. Yeah. Yeah. Uh you can just make them around the buttons uh Yeah. Or it runs the whole Yeah, you can halfs transparent, or just that it's comes out a bit. Different, I think, also. Blue or red. Whatever you want it, I think. Uh depends on the colour of the Yeah, that's true. But Yeah, it can. 'Cause this a mo mib uh mobile phone as well. I have the mo mi I have a blinking light on my phone. And I can change the colour of it. Well, we don't put put in any fancier technology yet. So I'm sure we can fit in. Yeah. Yeah okay. We just Yeah, we have to make sure to uh Yes. Yes. Re recharger. Base station. Yeah, batteries. Yes, rechargeable batteries, I think's best. So if you hold it, it gets powered. Mm. So we need uh two D_. Yeah. Yeah. Uh For channels it's not handy, because you scroll too fast. Okay. Uh I don't think a rubber case looks Yeah, okay. That Uh fruit and veg, or Yeah, fruit and veg can be just the covers. So you can the the spongy yeah, I dunno. I can't imagine a soft remote control. I just can't imagine it. Yeah, I think. Titanium. It's mentioned here uh. Okay. Yeah. We have batteries. Regular. Yes. User interface concept. I dunno either. Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board. So we're staying here? Okay, so now we're ka thirty minutes alone again? Yeah, uh I dunno. But the iPod and etcetera, M_P_ three players, mobile phones. Just a bit cur Okay, I'll see if I can see any of those. Yeah, you Yeah. Yeah, that's a little problem, of course, as well. Yeah, maybe you just have to make it uh That's not scrollable too easy. Uh wh what is the middle part? Numbers, okay. Yeah, I agree as well. Use the dz Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I think uh zapping is the highest priority. And then you use those uh Yeah, of course uh. Yeah. I I think it's It's it's obvious, I think. Yeah, I think No, uh I think Yeah. I think it's s so simple you just Yeah, okay I'll d I'll take a look at it. Think we need to work uh thirty minutes again? No, you have uh It is Uh the current uh controllers are all black and plastic. You have to look at that image of the iPod. More that uh kind of style. Not not the old grey black Where you can put a ve Uh we have If we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo. Maybe you can buy separate ones and uh Yeah. Um I think Yeah. That's your choice, I think huh. Yes. Yeah, I think so. But th Yeah, that can be very simple. Least. Yeah, just where you're around something. Li Yeah, we had one example. Mm. Mm. Which w Here you see one that's very round. So I think that can be all kind of shapes. Yeah, so y you don't want uh this uh like the iPod. But More rounded. Yeah, I think it will just look like more like this one. Since it's This is also rounded. I think i Yeah okay, tho those are al already a bit cornered. Mm Yeah okay, but then we have to think of something totally new. I've uh I had a lot of picture of old ones. And all curves have already been done. Yeah okay, yeah well Yeah. I know we can do a lot more, but I think it will only look more like the old remote controls. Yeah. Yeah okay. But uh I had a lot of pictures Oh I can show you here what the old ones look like. Curves, curves. You've more there as well. It wasn't very small one. very simple. That is for elderly. I think if w My opinion. If we just uh take the iPod, and the same look. So uh light or just whatever colour, but the same light colours. And uh just with uh together with uh the back-lights b look will look very new. No rubber buttons or something. Just together with the back-lights you'll get a totally new look. More like the M_P_ three player M_ um P_ M_ P_ three player. Yes. Just a simple scrollb Doesn't have to be. Yeah. No. Spongy and Mm. Yeah, idea. But you're If you look at the way remote controls are now And if you make it look like the iPod Yeah okay. So that's already a very big change compared to Ye yeah. Well uh Could. No, I think Oh. Think the scroll wheel won't be very big. Since if you put it uh somewhere, the chances that it will scroll are too big. So it will just be a small small scroll wheel. So it won't uh stick out much. Yeah okay. Well, maybe we can just open images there, and I'll paint and paint. I'll be able to do a better job. Bu Yeah, I agree more like iPod. Yes. Just a Speech. Yeah, do we s keep that? Yeah, I think Well uh then it w Well that's very easy. We already have uh the beeping of the home station, so Uh strange that I received the information about that. So shall we it open then? So we can put all the Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah, I No. I just I just received the Yeah. Yeah, our division has developed a new speech recognition feature, the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit. This is a very small electronic unit, will give a standard answer after it recognise a question. Doesn't say. Just You say record, followed by your question sample, and after a few seconds the answer uh sample. Because uh So it works like uh good morning remote control, and then the remote control says good morning. Yeah uh th that's just It's a No. Yeah, it Well that's integrated in the chip, so if you use the speech recognition, that's in it. I dunno, but if we use speech recognition, that will be in it as well. Well it it would be would be a good feature feature. Okay. No no worries about the cost, etcetera. And there's a chip in it that will Okay.