Welcome back. Uh let me see. Okay. Roo, welcome back. The waiting is for Sebastian. There he is. Sorry? Uh no. You can't, sorry. Well, this is life. Sorry uh, Roo. Okay. Okay. People, welcome back with the second meeting. Um for now on the schedule are a few points. Uh first of all the opening, which we are doing now. Um second, I received um some new project requirements. I'm not sure if you received them as well, um but I will tell you about it. Um then um the three of you uh prepared a presentation, I think? Sebastian? Roo? Ruud? Almost, okay. Then we'll do your one uh uh as la uh the last. Um the top goal of this m Um we will figure that out. Ca can you try to Yeah, w we will see. Um it is, yeah. Yeah. Um the top goal of this meeting is to reach a decision on the product, on the target group um and and the functions of the remote control, so keep that in mind. Um we have forty minutes. So it's now Yep. Okay. Um the new project requirements, first of all, um we didn't speak about it, but we should not um support teletext in the remote, um because our b um board uh feels that uh teletext is out of date and internet is replacing teletext. So um we are not even going to try to um implement it in our product. It's a board decision. Um the remote control should only be used for television, because it's not uh f uh feasible, it's not uh w uh uh we we cannot make it because of the time to market um that we have to deal with. Uh the third requirement is that we should focus on customers that are younger than uh forty, which is important for you, uh Ruud, and as well for uh Roo. Because the product should um be uh interesting and and uh should be bought by people younger than forty. Um then for Roo, as well uh important, the corporate image should be recognisable in our product. So the colour colours and the slogan um do have to be uh in the product. Is that clear? Any questions on these requirements? No? Okay. Um the individual presentations, I th um Roo or Sebastian, who of you would like to start? Uh uh yeah. Okay, great. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh Ruud, did you get that? Okay, so the important thing here is In the market, yeah. Yeah, okay, w we will s we all uh Yeah. Okay. Sebastian. No, it's not visible. Yeah. Okay. So it's fairly easy. Okay. Okay, good. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, but but the question is whether um two or four buttons makes uh m makes such a difference in the costs if you already plan to uh include fancy lightning techniques, I guess. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Ruud. Okay well, we ar we are very curio curious to what the market um will feel about such a product. So any income is welcome. Input. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's interesting. Yeah, that's definitely interesting. It uh it separates our product from others uh as well. Okay, go on. Okay. So that's what the market tells us. Yep. Okay. Yep. Well maybe maybe like clapping in your hands, like um turning on and off the the the lights. Reports rep respend response to it. But uh th Yeah, because we do not have a a a a a home um Okay. So what about the clapping technique? Um because you se Well, you see it a lot in in light uh lightning uh uh Yeah, a peak. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Well uh Yeah. Yeah, m maybe um w we uh we do agree on on the thing that the remote should have such a function, if it's possible within the costs and all that kind of things. Um maybe Sebastian should have uh a detailed look later on and um come up with a solution, because that's his his field of expertise. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah, it's a distinction in the market. It's a different exactly. It's an uni an unique feature, and um I think um it's worth um uh looking and and probably more i interesting than uh than the lights. Yeah. Yeah. Well, um according to Ruud, um people do not use um all the extra features very very often. So Okay. Okay. Well, we we do have a wise board, so I'm not questioning that. Yeah. Okay, so on the relevance scale uh the channel selection, the volume selection and the teletext. Well, we skip that. Okay. No. Yeah. Uh uh uh I think we should go for the easier one. No. Yeah. Okay, Ruud, how do you feel about that? Uh do you agree, do you think the market would would respond to uh a simple Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Okay, so this is is kind of uh Yeah. But but are we not in in the in the manual uh I mean if you have few buttons, no display, um I mean uh I guess it's l it's working with with a shift functions and um one button can uh But but how does how does the remote uh report uh r uh give back to the user w in what state it is? Because we do not implement uh a user history. I know, but but if we use uh like a stick, for example, um Yeah. Uh and we could have other buttons for the for the advanced uh functions. Yeah, draw draw it on the board. Yeah, it can break down. Uh-huh. Okay, yeah. Okay, but w we still we're still in the question of uh um uh putting in advanced options. Um Ruud just told us um the market is interested in some advanced uh new techniques. Um however, uh keeping it simple is is important for the costs and all all those kind of things. We need to find a balance between uh the advanced techniques and and the user-friendliness. Um well, for we do have to uh decide this this meeting. Yeah. We need to um have the uh the user function uh the functions decided and um uh our target audience. Um well, I do not want a full uh it's not necessary to to have a full list, but I want um the kind of functions, for example uh th the most important are volume and uh programme selecting. Well, for example, that that's what we should think about. l how is the remote going to look? Not not in the user interface, but Yeah. A bit of a split mode. Uh l like Yeah. Dual channel watch. Okay, well um m maybe I should write that down. Uh Ruud, um what's your last name? Mielsen, because I I was writing it down in the last uh Mielsen. Right. Um I put all the minutes I make into the shared folder. So if you want to have a look at it, you know where to find it. Um Yeah, that's that's if you want to do it, Sebastian. Okay, um Okay, so so um uh Volume. Programme. Uh dual channel. Uh And and do we want um the ten digits? Yeah. I agree actually. But we do have thirteen different Dutch channels. Often. Well, it depends on the on the on the looks, on the on the You c you can d make them very fancy by um I mean Nokia, they have ten digits on their phones and it still looks very fancy. So I'm I'm I do not agree Uh Exactly, exactly. Okay, speech. Yeah. To find yeah. Uh If if we would um drop the ten digits but keep the programme and the volume, because maybe people do not always want to use their voice, um Yeah. But we do focus on younger people. We d it it's a board uh decision. Okay. Okay. Okay, g good. Okay. Mm. Yep. Okay. But But but can we manage it bu uh for the costs? Because it seems like a very Is a cradle very cheap? I know, b uh but there should be an adapter as well. Okay. Okay. We we have uh about ten minutes left this meeting. Um I would like to hear um maybe maybe you all have th uh things not um spoken about, yeah, but that are important. Uh Ruud, you you came up with the voice recognition uh data. Uh are there other things about the market we should know? Okay. Okay. Okay, so although we are focussing on younger people uh to make it uh profitable uh Profitable. We we yeah, we still need to take in account the the bit older people. Okay. O okay. Um Roo. Nothing to add. Sebastian? Yeah? Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, and that was the main issue, right? The the board Yeah. The board. No, it's th yeah. It's the other way around, yeah. It shouldn't be a big issue. Okay. I'm not sure how how we'll f uh determine the costs, I will have a look at it. Maybe you will get some information on that. Um I'm not sure how how that Yep. Okay, great. Um well, I think we're qui quite done. Um for now we will have the lunch break. Um I'm don't know how long the break will be, but we'll find out. Um then we will have thirty minutes of time to perform our individual work, uh and I'm sure your personal coaches will uh assist you with it. Um I will put the minutes I just made in the project documents folder. If you want to look at it um well, just do. Um the Interface Designer, um I would like to the next meeting I would like to receive the uh components concept. Uh Roo, um from you I would like to see Uh I'm sorry, yeah, I'm sorry. User Interface Designer, uh Roo, I would like to see the user interface c uh concept. And um Well, i it should be easy, that's w w what we concluded. It should be an easy interface with not so much buttons. S just a a p a p a volume and a programme one. And um um yeah, some some fancy lights. I think that's what we decided. No no no, we didn't but it shouldn't be integrated yeah, it's of course it's user interface, but um i I was talking about really the design of the No. We can decide the next meeting. Yep. Yeah. I guess all of you have i updated info. I'm sure the marketing expert will receive uh t uh you will do some trend watching. And I'm sure the market will um uh uh will change, adapt and um so we will see that. Um yeah, that's it for now. Any other questions or can we have the lunch? Yeah, okay. Good.