'Kay. Don't destroy my giraffe. Drop it. Bright colour. Fancy colour. Forward. You have to go t Oh it's a side view. True. No no no no no. Just looking. Mm mm mm. Next. It's true. P_ yeah, just a P_. Where's where's the button for two? Okay. Doesn't matter. No. Okay. Okay, I'm going to tell you something about a trend watching. The trends from the past years, what the people like, what the youngsters like, what the elderly people liked about shapes, colours, material and stuff. 'Kay. The method I used was Like I told I watched the trends from the past years about colours, shapes, material they wanted uh from elderly and young people. So we can keep that in mind for designing f uh the device itself. Findings I made. The most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look look fancy. The second important thing that w should be if inv in innov innovative, okay, like the L_C_D_ screen that's quite innovative so that should be great meeting for this. And the third thing is it should be easy to use. I think with only one menu, four button, channel, volume, it should also be enough for easy to use. The personal preferences for the young people, they liked fruity colours like uh banana yellow, uh strawberry red and stuff. Yeah. Like that. The round shapes, and soft material m materials like the rubber. It should be soft uh i it should feeling spongy or s Sponge Bob like things. Th Elderly people like au colours which y are being seen in autumn like um woods um dark brown, red, deep reds and stuff. They liked square shapes with round edges. And hard materials like wood, um titanium. They those kind of materials they liked. This is a bit like the young peoples like the fruity colours, innovative, all the colours you see, the blue, the red, the white, the yellow, that stuff. And then I th I I personally thought the front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like like this or something. It's it's a bit like a banana. And the colour should be yellow, or something. And for the elderly people just plain old. Because we decided to have two kind of remotes, two designs, or was it two colours? Different colours, yeah. We should decide whether it's going to be with round shapes. I think like my colleague, you said, is that's e better, or for the elderly people something like like the iPod or something, with round squares. Simple but easy to use. So that's it. That is my Yeah, like the older o older colours I can maybe Yeah. Colours th the elderly people Uh Look something like that. Autumn colours like red, brown. They liked the wood a lot. So maybe we could give it like wooden loo look look or something in that colour. And a bit bit old school style renaissance, medieval kind of things. Those kind of Yeah, those kind of things. So you see the big difference between the young people? Fresh, exciting. And the old people, old and boring. So Sorry? Yeah I think it's it's easier to do in colour than in shape. Because otherwise we have to get different shapes, and colour way easier than yeah the shapes. In material yeah rubber, rubber is, like I said, young people like more soft materials and spongy ones and the old people like plain wood. So we have to decide if we're going to use real hard rubber, or soft rubber. Or something something between that. Yeah soft rubber which you can you can feel in it. Or No. Or or wh what's something harder. No no no but but you have to like like like a a eraser or something. That's the bit you can press it in, or something harder. Yeah, something like this, yeah. Yeah it's quite hard but you can press it in. It's feels kind s spongy. Something. No. N n n Are you going to invite Sponge Bob, maybe he can Yeah I think that's the better thing to do. Yeah w I think that L_C_D_ screen should be like Yeah three quarter of the of the Yeah the buttons won't get that small when the L_C_D_ screen is Mm-hmm. Larger I think. Yeah becau because you have Yeah okay, true, true, true true. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. But it won't get that small because you have how much? Nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen. One to zero, the two digit, You have to you have to Because some fat people with d thick fingers will press three buttons at same time. Yeah true, but Yeah, we have we have the zoom option, right? Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Use a pen You you c you can lose the pen. Yeah the fingers, yeah. Yeah but that that can be with plain soft tissue. Yeah, you can buy those at Maybe it's better to to include rechargeable batteries which you can recharge through the docking station. So if the badg the batteries are dead then you can re you can uh change them. Yeah yeah yeah like those. Yep. Yeah, normal plain you No normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop. Yeah. Print plate. Yeah yeah yeah. You always have a print plate. You always have a print plate, right? Always, so I dunno what w what we have to decide about that. Yeah, okay. But Yeah okay, but the p print plate of L_ L_C_D_ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate, so that that's not of any discussion, I think. Mm, I don't I dunno I don't think that's Yeah yeah okay but I d I I don't know if nor o s it's quite a simple L_C_D_. Yeah, it's quite a simple L_C_D_ screen. I think they don't need that big of C_P_U_. Yeah, okay, true true. True. Yeah. We have different colours. So the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes? No I don't think, I think it's more round than square. So it meets I think it meets more the young people than the older people. Yeah, that's our target. Yeah. Lower than forty years, I think it was. Oh yeah that that I think I thought that was a quite good Yeah. You can put it on your table with the L_C_D_ screen, you don't have to put it get it in your hand, you can put it next to you and then dive it in and. Yeah. So You can't you You can't oh, you c you can draw it on your paper and then load it on the And load it on the the user the server. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you have to go back. Yeah uh uh. Isn't it better to have the sound and the general buttons horizontal? With the minus and the plus. I think it's easier than Yeah. For sound and channel. Yeah. I think it's it's easier to have it something like Oh a button uh minus here, plus over here. A minus here, plus over here. And on here. The other buttons and on here the top. The options and then you have something like uh the P_ over here, and the sound. Something uh Something like Sh Plus minus plus uh minus. Yeah I think you're going to s you're going to use it with one thumb. Who's the usability engineering? She is. Oh. Um Oh I have that those s numbers. Or a good watch. B Channel selection. Per hour one hundred and sixty eight. Volume selection four times an hour Uh Yeah, that depends on on on the remote. I think because I have two televisions at home. One is horizontal, one is vertical, so it depends. Yeah. Depends. Yeah, lower. True. It's got to change. Yeah is it is user interface. Component. Yeah I think it's it's easy for that, where are you, but then it says I'm here. Yeah. Yeah, a microphone, yeah. Um I think where it isn't seen the most. Inside. Yeah. I i between the round of the R_. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah bu but I think the left s under corner should be the best. Where isn't i it isn't most in sight. I think. No. Actually doesn't. I think I thought the, like you said, like scroll next to the remote isn't that handy. I think it's better to just up what you'd like to do on the screen. If you want to go back you have to back button go back, if you want to choose audio settings you press audio settings and it goes to that s sub-menu. Yeah? You do like it? Yeah I think it is is faster. Becau I think the scroll's easier if you have a lot of options, but if you don't have a lot of option then Y Uh-huh. Yeah, okay, true. Okay. Okay, no problem. Okay. Um. No, colours are clear, shape is clear, material is clear. And a standard, yeah we don't no we have different colour. How many colours are we going to Black. Yeah, black I think is is the standard. Dark grey, something like this this colour or something. Yeah like like yeah. Or or silver. I think it's better to have silver nowadays. I think you see more silver than black. Yeah the the silver black are our main colours. Yeah. I think we have silver, black and between those is like I dunno s five colours between them or something. Yeah yeah yeah it'll be a banana yellow, we have. R red. Green, wood, brown. Yeah. True. Yeah, I understand. Yeah o of course. The fruity colours and the autumn colours, like red and brown, dark red and brown. No. S tough. We'll be available. No. Finished.