Good morning, Mister P_M_. How are you today? How was your business trip to Boston? Is there a schedule for this meeting? I shall close the door. That's correct. Okay. Um is there any room for a little presentation? Uh maybe during the discussion uh section? Okay. Alright. I'm just uh guessing what should be my favourite animal. Well, I'll give it a try. Mm. Very good. I was very good in drawing. Well, I guess you uh get the idea. Beautiful. Yes, um I have some technical uh issues which I would like to present to you uh before we start the discussion, because uh there might be some uh influations influences. Okay? Okay. Um first about my role, role of the Industrial Designer. I would like to think about uh the implementation of uh of things, and the technical possibilities and impossibilities. So if someone of you comes up with uh ideas, uh I'll try to translate them in technical functions, but uh there might be some impossibilities. So that's one. Uh I also will propose some uh um uh some implementations for that, but well, these are quite the same. Sorry about that. Um and I also will remind people of some new technical possibilities which are available and which might be interesting to implement in our product. I have some uh initial ideas about some things um which are maybe nice to take with you in the upcoming uh discussion. One thing about uh interopera operability. Um I think a modern uh remote control should uh control a device diverse subset of equipment. Uh for instance, uh D_V_D_ players, cell phones, video and audio equipment. So one re uh one remote control for all your equipment. Well, there should be some interoperabi interoperability between them. I think it could come in handy. We should discuss that. Um and we should think about the way how these things uh should communicate with each other. We're not uh living in the uh nineteen eighties anymore, so infrared is not uh is not really uh hot uh technical stuff anymore. But you should uh think about the things like uh Bluetooth. Mm-hmm. But it's cost-effective. Yes. Mm-hmm. Well, not all, not all. So that's the point. So Maybe, but that's uh something we should discuss and uh about every everybody should think about it. So that's just my role, I'll just uh give you uh everybody some technical input, and I think now the time is to have a little discussion about what uh the product should be and how it should look, but take these things into account when you start the discussion. Yes, so one thing uh one remote control should uh control one or more uh pieces of equipment, and the way of communicating with these equipments. Okay. That's it. Yes, I think it should be something like that. We're not developing this product for a specific vendor, are we? No, we're just developing this product, and we want to sell it to a very broad uh public, so it should fit to every device. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And you you see uh the buttons as a as a means of doing this? Or are there any o other controls? Are there only any other cont Well, I I've seen these remote controls with uh this little stick uh which you can move forward, sidewords. You know these things. And um it's very easy for a user to to switch w yes, to to switch b uh between uh channels or uh change uh between tracks on a on a C_D_, on on a chapters, you know, on a D_V_D_ player. So maybe that's an idea, I don't know. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh is that uh are there restriction for the range, the operating range too? So when you're not able to point at the device um the range is very limited. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Do do you Um well yes, I had, uh about three minutes ago, but I've seem to forget them forgot them. Um oh yes, I remember. Um you said something about visibility in the dark. Um uh would it be nice for a user to have display on this uh remote control, on which you can see functions? Which makes it easier to operate it. I I don't know. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Yes, but there's a cost limitation too. Well, that's more So that's a big problem, I think. I think the the financial part of this project uh implicates that it's not going to be a high high-end product. The cost price is very low. Um Okay. Very good point. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Hmm. It's use uh a lot of uh well Well, cell phones have uh integrated Bluetooth also and, well, it's it seems to work uh quite okay. So uh technically it will be possible. No, you cannot. Okay. Okay.