Uh, okay. Again. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh, may be better, yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh titanium is probably trendy, I think.. Well, maybe a little bit expensive. I don't know. Yeah, production cost. I Different colours also. Yeah. Okay. uh Ah. Well, I shall go to the next slide. Um um, I still don't have any information about user requirements. I was thinking about just uh the basic functions and I got uh Yeah, but but then wh I don't know when there are new user requirements. I ha I ha I have the I have nothing. Well, I have here a couple of basic functions I could think of. I dunno if they're maybe a little bit more, but Yeah. Yeah, I I uh well, I pointed them out here, just to make it a little bit easier. Um Another function uh is of course we already discuss it on the side. Um, I don't know what costs of it. Uh, I've no idea about it. Uh, I was also looking for what you said, for I got an email uh uh about uh L_C_D_ in in in front of the remote control. I don't know if that's a good idea, or maybe it's a little bit too much for twelve and a half. Production. If we got already uh something like a base. Yeah, I don't know. I d I uh ju I was just thinking about it. Then I got a pop-ups to go to the meeting. But The remote control. a little uh too A little bit A little bit too big, I think. Exactly. Um, yeah. Well, the functions are are not more to discuss, I think. It's it's just the base things we already discussed that the no V_C_R_ or that kind of uh, so that's very easy. Um Mm-hmm. Well, that's next channel. I mean next channel. Uh Um oh, I I got an email with with an uh a remote control with a base. So, it's uh just an idea. And I um uh thinked of the button sizes and I'm not sure uh if they have to be big or uh just small Well, I'm not a e I'm the expert for user-friendly, but not for trendiness. Maybe it Well uh okay, that's your point. Um, yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I've nothing to s Uh, with a little bit larger, yeah. I thought so, but maybe with the Yeah, that groups. Large? Yeah. Most the most used uh buttons. True. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh, that was all y uh personal preference I didn't have. I didn't had any time left. So Yeah,. It's there. Yeah, click on it. Couple time. Well, how uh But how do we use uh fruits and vegetables in Christ's sake with remote control? Uh, make it a banana? Yeah, but th yeah, but that Yeah, but that's Yeah uh uh But d don't we need a creative artist or something like that to m make it to feel like a a a a vegetable or fruit? Yeah. But, we we have to um There have to be the the the the firm colours, our own uh colours has to be in it. Yellow, a Real Reaction. Uh, yeah. We uh f A yellow do Uh, yeah. Yeah, and the button then. Okay, yeah. Okay. Lazy. Yeah. Well well what would you display on it then? But is it isn't that a already on T_V_, a lot of new T_V_s? Yeah. Yeah, and we also have to yeah. And I also Yeah, I dunno.. Oh, okay. We can you away. Yeah, I don't know. Uh, uh I i if it's it's a simple p No, that that's right, and uh I also have to think about new functions, maybe buttons or something like that to control it. Kind of L_C_D_ or something or But how does it display then? W when I go to the second channel, what what does it show me? About that programme? Yeah. Is it fashion? I don't know. That's not up to you. That's up to market if i if it's trendy. Because our our motto is we put fashion Yeah, if you want to be trendy you have to be coloured. Coloured If you have black and white or something, or grey, that's It's too much uh maybe uh with with the L_C_D_ and the docking station and With one thing special. Not a whole package of specialty. And uh the Yeah. It's just an it's just an idea. It's a it's True. Well uh I uh Yeah, I dunno. No, it's too much. It's overdone. Democratically. With a spongy Bob feel. Yeah. Yeah, you just can drop it. Yeah. Yeah. But not black I think. Well if if it's fruit and vegetables, it have to be colourful. But can we ge uh uh Can we combine it or something? Uh with uh yellow and black? Make it a bee? A bee. Yeah, it's our yeah. We we have to use yellow. Different fronts. Yeah. Uh, you can you can l uh let choose the customer which colour he wants, yeah. Yeah, Three three or four uh four uh colours, or something like that. Well, yeah, the Three to one. That's And tita uh titanium, is uh is is it a no? Is It's just like that, th this titanium. No, not all, not all of them. Uh, I think titanium nowadays is way more often used than plastic. In trendy things. Yeah. It's cold in the winter. Yeah. You have that uh M_P_ three player of Nike, I saw. Isn't that titanium with a little bit of rubber? Isn't it Is plastic? Well, it's titanium looking. Yeah, he is. Here he is. Uh, the I don't know if you know the M_P_ three player of Nike. 'Kay, uh that that's very uh with rubber, so it's very rough. True. Yeah yeah, true. Yeah, maybe that's good idea, yeah. But if you want to la uh yeah, last longer than two weeks or something like that, you can maybe I don't know. What time does The rubber. Yeah. Uh no, not too much I think. Or you just make uh one colour, uh maybe with a a z a kind of like a big wave or something like uh In in another colour. Not more than two colours I think. It's a g a little bit too flashy. The funct yeah, I was I was thinking about th the st do we still want a joystick idea. Yeah. The volume, teletext and Yeah yeah yeah yeah, b Yeah, but wha what kind of menu? Is uh isn't that different from every television? Mute. Yeah. Okay, that's not mu not much functions. So Okay. Yeah. Too much colour, i it uh when you got it in a living room, it's too much maybe. It has to be Yeah. No. Oh, okay, yeah. Yeah. I hope so. And the other thing is that you don't have kind of prototype or something like that. You see a kinda prototype you can a little bit more uh Yeah. With you laptop? Yeah. Oh my God. Well you are. We're not.