Okay. About the components design. Um for the energy source we can use a basic battery or, a as an optional thing, a kinetic energy, like in a watch, which you just shake and it produces energy. But if we choose for that option, the docking station would c become obsolete. So I don't think it's really an option. Uh for the casing, uh the uh manufacturing department can deliver uh a flat casing, single or double curved casing. It's really up the the design that we're gonna use. It's uh doesn't uh imply any technical restrictions. Uh as a case supplement, we could um, I thought of that l later, uh a rubber uh belt, like a anti-slip. Uh for the b buttons, we can use plastic or rubber. And the chip-set, um it says simple here, but it should be advanced, because we're using an L_C_D_ uh screen. And as uh the trend-watcher presentation showed, um people like wood, but it raises the price and it doesn't really fit the image, unless we would start two product lines. Form should follow function overall. Um well the kinetic energy source is rather fancy. But depends on what we want. I think we should disc discuss that. Um for the case, uh the supplement and the buttons, it really depends on the designer. And the chip-set uh really should be advanced because otherwise uh it would really be a simple uh remote control. And that's it. Yes w there there are four options. We could use the basic normal battery. Uh a hand dynamo. But I don't think that's really an option. You don't wanna swing before you can watch television. Uh solar cells. But not every room is very light so it's not a very good option. Or the kinetic energy. Well y you basically shake your remote, and then it powers up. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Oh. Mm I don't have any information on pricing. So I'll have to ask the manufacturing department. But that would also go for the L_C_D_ screen then I guess. It's a bit higher percentage, but Okay. And that's the best choice. Well there isn't any choice there because we're using the the the the display. So it's gotta be advanced. Mm I dunno. I'll have to uh research. Yes. Yes. Well the the general like most older remotes are flat, just straight. And uh our d manufacturing department can also deliver single curved or double curved ca curved cases. Um it would just only affect the form, for as far as I know. So it's j really just up to the design department what we're gonna use. It doesn't really matter for the price or the functionality. Pick one you like, yes. Yeah. I think we should start by by choosing a case. Because that's the basis you're building on. So I could draw them out. Let's look at the flat case. Oh. It's from the side so it's rather normal. The the single curved so I'm not really sure what they're gonna look like, but I think it's something like this. So this type should be better for you or better Should prevent repetitive strain injury a bit. And the double curved s looks something like this I guess. So th those are the three options we have. Yeah. It's more logical to have it on top as well because, like on your mobile phone, it's always above. Oh maybe you should just s start on a blank page. Okay. Okay.