Mm. Well, yeah. No. Oh. We have forty minutes for this uh discussion? Alright. Huh? Yeah. Mm-hmm, now it's right. It's meant to be easily wiped out, yeah. Mm-hmm. I I disagree, but uh it's not uh t it's not my place to disagree I guess. Oh, alright. Yeah, we are a real fashionable company. I read uh I read it on the I didn't know what company we were, but we we design uh especially trendy uh trendy trendy stuff. So it has to be uh a modern design. That's important to know, uh when you design a thing of course. Yeah. The order? No. You can zap away. Yeah. Oh. Oh? Mm-hmm. I think our uh user uh expert should also consider manual a manual for the remote, of course. Uh I didn't read it? Oh, alright. users to uh add one? Do you think? Mm-hmm. Yeah alright. Because they don't use it? Alright. Well maybe for the If you don't recognise a button who d who d who do I call uh wh when I don't know it? Isn't it part of the of the u No. No. Never mind. Consider the m Yeah. Mm-hmm. It's going to be expensive. Yeah. Well we'll uh consider it uh. We'll think abo we'll think No, we'll look we'll look into that later. Alright? We have very demanding clients. Yeah, yeah, alright. Well we'll consider both and and see what uh what what we can find, I think. We don't rule them out uh yet. Shall I give a technical talk? Alright. Well uh it is my task to uh explain uh or to point out a working design. We have that here. Okay, how do you enlarge it, so that you can have the F_ F_ five. Yep. Well, the working design, that's my uh Well alright uh, you know who I am and what I do. So uh we have this. It's a bit uh unclear because I wanted to copy paste something. It was originally in black and white but it became black and purple. But I think you can read it. Um well um I think it's important uh for you to realise the basic function of a remote control. Uh well you can see uh And I then can select I can select on the dings It goes to the next page. Well, you can read it, it's not too difficult. Meanwhile, this is a schematic uh um view of uh how a basic remote control works. You have uh basically uh the energy, the power of the of the remote control, uh and the sender, w which is the LED, the the the the the the the the the bulb that sends the the infrared beam to the, no, to the set. And uh the source is of course the user. Uh the user interface is um uh the the the buttons of course. And the the user interface sends uh the the different signals of the different buttons to the chip, and the chip uh sends it to the LED, and the LED sends it to the receiver. That's the that's the basic idea. Very basic. Um well I have uh uh put it in a in in in a a couple of basic steps. Uh the remote uh is basically just waiting for a user to press a key. It does nothing until uh of course uh the key is pressed. The key a signal to a chip, uh the chip senses the connection. uh and recognise the key. So well you understand. The chip uh produces Morse code, um a specific code to indicate that specific button that is pressed, of course. And it uses transistors in the in the remote control to amplify and to send uh that signal again to the to the LED, which is the bulb, of course. Now the LED produces an infrared beam and signals the, well it's uh very simple, and signals the uh signals to the sensor on the T_V_ set, and the T_V_ set uh also recognises the the the signal, and performs the assigned task. Ah bu Yeah, but we don't. Uh we No no, but Yeah. Exactly. Uh well this is uh the basic uh function of a remote. I've some couple of pictures here. It's a very basic one. And uh if we if we're going to add an uh an uh L_C_D_ screen to it, it uh won't look anything like this, but This is very basic uh basically the the shape of um of a remote control. It has uh very little buttons and But it it uh it's it's quite um Yeah, you can easily recognise the buttons. They're uh far enough apart and an anything. It's not very um uh not very high-tech uh indeed, and it's not very user-friendly. Uh if you look at the shape, it's uh just a simple long box uh shape. So we have to uh change a little bit uh to that, uh so that uh it becomes more user-friendly, and that uh problems like uh R_S_I_ and uh those kinds of thing don't don't oc don't occur. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because they are the the most important buttons and you can immediately You don't have to look and and search for them. Well you you can't have any uh every button under the thumb, of course. Yeah. Well,. But in e in any case the the basic function should be uh indeed, and as you say at the thumb. I think that's a good idea, and uh and that the less important uh buttons, like the the the different channels, uh the numbers one two three four five as well, should be uh yeah well not in reach, because uh they don't use it uh all the time. Well it's uh pretty pretty basically uh as you said. And I have some pictures of the inside workings, but uh I don't want to get too technical, because uh that's not uh very uh useful for you. So yeah exactly this is uh how it uh looks from the inside. And uh well that's about it I think. Oh yeah, I still have this. Oh I had to delete this, but I had to make a schematic uh of the of the new But I had too too little time, but uh don't uh don't look at it please. I I think it's it's clear uh how it works. Alright. That's the most important thing. Alright. Uh Right. Yeah, uh there are different uh We have all have different home pages, with different links. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You can't really see uh the differ from different sides. But I think uh Uh you can draw it if you Yeah. We can put it on the on the back side. Yeah, so that you don't replace the symbol, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mike, uh can you put uh that picture from me on the in the Word documents file? In Map? The younger uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think uh the most functions uh underneath that uh uh No um mm usually But Yeah I think m most Most uh Mm-hmm. Uh. Yeah. Our competitor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it it just signals the the different uh sig uh the different symbols on the screen you have, uh because if you change to s channel two you have two on the screen and two on your on your um on your L_C_D_ screen. But should it uh really be uh clickable, uh or or just integrate inside to try to make it d more trendy. But that's of course uh a bit more uh expensive than uh the basic uh calculator design, with the scrolling text and that kind of thing. Alright. Shouldn't we start with the most important parts? The L_C_D_ screen alright but we should start with the power button? Uh Huh? And then uh Maybe we should uh centralise the discussion here. I dunno what uh you were talking about but we are busy with something. Uh-huh. Why do you think it's better at the bottom? But you just can put uh the the the the the whole interface a bit down, so that there's room for the for the interface. Uh-huh. And and we can Bottom. Well that's a bit exaggerated. Well, I agree with you. It's it's also more recognisable. It looks more like a calculator to people, if you have the l the the the thing on top. Yeah w well, but uh you don't have to throw uh um important aspe important aspect like familiarity uh completely away, uh because I think it's uh I think it's still important to have it at the top, because it's uh it's more familiar that way. A little a little bit. Maybe you should another pen. Maybe that's uh better. You e you only have one pen for that screen. Yeah. Yeah. I I agree. Well I'm the I I'm the designer, so um Yeah. Uh we uh we were busy with that. Uh yeah we should uh summon the the different uh aspects of the thing. So, we have the power button. Yeah of course. Uh it's uh. Yeah. W wh While you have to agree, I can say it's like this and you must agree. Yeah. Channel, yeah. Volume control. Um Well let's look at your uh design. Uh Uh-huh. Yeah. But th th on this remote th these controls are for something else, a D_V_D_ player or something. So Yeah, it's it's also not good to completely stay in one position constantly with one hand. Y Yeah. It's good to move uh from time to time. Yeah. No but now y W would we have to choose a way in middle? Mm-hmm. Oh. Far apart? I think you can have the two buttons of up and down close together, but you don't have uh have to have volume control and and zapping button close together. Yeah. C c can you make you make We can use uh the drawing board now, I think. Uh it it doesn't work well but But it it would be pretty pretty uh nice if we could just draw a simple thing. Mm. Alright. Well uh yeah I I still think it's it's quite important though to uh to have it at the top, so Yeah. You say familiarity isn't important but Yeah d Yeah. As we we we we agreed, we do have a L_C_D_. So that's that's enough. Yeah. There's one two three four five six six seven eight nine zero. Oh, like that. Um They'd recognise it. Th that's the most That that's very easy. Yeah. I think these are the the most important functions. basic function. Oh yeah. Uh just two just two under uh under uh I I think uh But you you can put uh two or three buttons under uh another section. Uh that's that's too complicated. You can just put it somewhere They they aren't used much, not as much as those other, so you can put it somewhere Yeah s bit smaller and s Well uh and and I think more at the bottom. Yeah. Yeah or at the top, yeah. What do you think uh those those buttons? Above or down? And w where? Well we design it later. We have it, and we design later where everything goes. Yeah. The the video channel uh? No no not always. Ze yeah zero is a different channel than uh the the video channel. But it's easy to go If you are at uh at channel uh fifty five and you want to uh go immediately to the video channel, you do you have to push a to to get below zero. It's more easy to get to uh where the specific uh video channel button. Yeah well uh d different screen settings a Yeah, sk Yeah y you you you you have screen width. Yeah to uh oh yeah of course to configure the programme the Yeah. Yeah. You should Yeah. I think that's important. Uh And and the settings to change the brightness the settings to change the brightness and the contrast. Channel, yeah. Chief? Chief? Th the menu menu button is also important. Then you can uh Where? I don't see it. Oh Menu, alright. In the menu. And you can uh then adjust it with the zapping buttons or something. Because uh the zapping buttons aren't used then if you are in the menu. Yeah. Or the volume, yeah. Yes chief. Yeah this is this is your thing. I am hungry. See you later mate.