Did you do your questionnaire already? Uh It wants Yeah but everything is. Just a normal battery then, yeah. Oh my goodness. Well I guess i we'll have to go for single curve then. I mean we have to drop on everything. Yeah. How about Sorry. That's what I was thinking. A a And uh 'cause then they don't have to n They don't need special colour as well. That was exactly my point. Like let's drop all the buttons, and just make one I mean we're gonna use the L_C_D_ screen anyway. So we'll just have to use it for everything. And then you can make an overview of channels in the screen, and select a channel, click Yeah we need one integrated button for everything then. Yeah. Kind of. I was Because Yeah. If you if you go to If you go to our uh view, like you if you are in the sound system there, uh and you wanna adjust the treble for instance, this is just uh an example, y y you wanna see a bar on which you can adjust it from zero to ten for example. But you want a sound preview of how it's gonna sound, right? So you wanna click on it, activate it, whe and when you move it, hear the difference of the treble coming out or going into the sound. So you'll you'll need a a kind of a joystick uh button. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah it's r Yeah. No. No but Yeah it's it's expensive, but uh we never considered the possibilities of uh speech recognition. 'Cause it can take the function of a lot of uh uh buttons. I No. Yeah but lets just say that the speech recognition works. We uh we we haven't really integrated this the speech into the system, so we can might as well s drop that. We need to lose some buttons. Which That's even Yeah, if you if you go to eight I don't know how to Yeah, we need the chip for the for the L_C_ display. Yeah. True. Oh. Hmm. Yeah uh You uh uh Yeah. So the other option would be to go for the the sample speaker, and Which can use a regular chip, wh which is six Euros in total. That doesn't matter. Well yeah. Exactly. Yeah but the uh can't we f uh fit all the buttons in an intreg integrated scroll push-button? 'Cause that will save us one and a half Euro already. And then if w Th then we have to scroll through a lot of menus to be able to get where you want, huh? And uh Yeah d at l Yeah. At least one for power. Oh. Yeah it's just as expensive as what we have now. Yeah endlessly. I mean it can be a power button as soon as it powered on. You can go into you in you main menu, you can choose uh flip channel, uh you can choose sound options, any options. Yeah. Maybe we should. 'Cause we don't have money and w we want the screen. I guess we have to. We'll we'll be on Yeah it says right here. Yeah. But we definitely want the thing to be a special colour though. Damn. Yeah and then Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Well, you only have to power it up when you wanna use it. I don't know.. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the most import We only have Yeah but Well we come back to the drawing board then, huh? It's silly 'cause we we should have had this meeting before we start drawing. Oh yeah? okay. Drop everything. Yeah. We went straight into finance? For Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I think it does. Because the operating behaviour of the young user was also defined in colour and shape and the use of L_C_D_, right? Yeah. Well, we have extended menus, on the on the L_C_D_ screen. So I No. Yeah. Yeah alright. Yeah yeah. Definitely one. It has to be. You're not gonna find them. Yeah the next Not so much so. Yeah. Yeah it's uh it's integrated. E exactly just like a m mobile.. Well uh we should b build it so that if you don't kind of push into the menu or something, if When it's on, yeah, it's turned on, It automatically has the the programme and the volume function, but as soon as you click it you go into the menu or some Of you Or you double click it. No because it has four arrows, right? Oh yeah. Yeah I was thinking still about our uh integrated joystick. Say. Yeah that is a bummer. We'll make it a Morse code. Yeah. Yeah I would go for five or six, yeah. Okay five. Let's not diss our remote. Yep. Just one button. But Uh yep. We still have the fruit and vegetable print. Fr Oh I mean the Oh never mind. I'm a bit lost.. It's way more practical, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we still uh we still have the primary colours. But only on the on the outside, not on the button. Yeah? Okay. Yeah. Yeah still we we dropped also on the the double uh curve. And and colour. Yeah. S Yeah. Uh Actually we d we didn't do so well on this one. Because it's basically an old one, uh with little curve on the side, and in a different colour. Still, it's still hard. I mean the sponge-like and the three D_ shape, that would give it something young and fresh. Of course. Yeah but it be because uh we couldn't hardly draw on the b s on the lower half of the screen, we could not make it big enough to actually draw in the So I mean I wanted to put digits on the buttons as well. But Hell yeah. If we have only one button. And even the shape we have now uh simulates kind of an R_ and the reversed R_, doesn't it? So No. The only e the only thing easy about it is that you don't have to move your fingers. 'Cause it has only one button. Yeah exactly. I would say six. It's really not easy to use. 'Cause you're putting everything Most votes count. Um Definitely in casing, 'cause we have a hard plastic Yeah. Yeah because the the batteries, those thingies last forever. And the the casing, hard plastic also lasts forever. So I would go for one. Okay yeah. Oh. No m I would g I would go for four. Because we kind of tried to but we kind of failed with the budget that we have. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. That's it. Ah we can do the math. Uh Yeah. Did you make this questionnaire or what? Oh. I wouldn't be able to do it that fast. F Pretty difficult. Just type in the digits. They're all one digit numbers right? And then you can count them together. Eleven. Fifteen. Sixteen. Seventeen. Oh what? How hard is this? Never mind. Twenty four. Twenty eight. Twenty eight. Yeah the lower the The lower the score the better, right? Yeah but But I Are you sure we this number actually tells us somethings? I don't think so because some questions are related to positive issues and some to negative. So if you give a true to a positive, it actually means that the low the lower the better. But if you give true to a negative question No? Durable, that's good. Easy to use. Yeah.. Also good. Yeah okay. I guess you did do it. Oh yeah yeah. No Okay. Okay. Yeah true. Yeah definitely definitely. Because now it's just an average It's remote. Yeah okay because of the L_C_D_ screen. But uh it looks and stuff, it still uh it's not, it's not really eye-catching, except for the colour. Yeah. Product evaluation. Shall we try? Black. Okay uh we're still gonna go for the fancy colours? But are we gonna stick with the green or are we gonna do blue? One scroll button and For what? Should give it some time? Yay. Have to take this away also. And this um Oh yeah, of course. Um pen yeah? Format. Current colour red. Oh Yeah we did our special colour for the Line widths, now that's a ten. It's gonna be one str scroll. Horizontal's easier too, 'cause you can Is it more natural than this? So let's say Whoops. 'Kay. Basically. It's really ugly. Oh What do you mean? Like a other colour than this one? Yeah can we do it uh uh can we do a print? I think we have to choose, yeah? Okay special colour. We do have special colour. Does it mean uh that Shall we just give it some dots to make it look pretty? Purdy. Purple? Yeah yeah. Oh no my remote has acne. No. That's why we have that button. It's so cute. Doh. Is that that? How the We did we do that? We can try. That doesn't respond also to the undo. It looks like it's No, Where do you want some more dots? Okay, it's not the prettiest, I know. It's not so random huh? Yeah okay. We can make a l a logo. Like uh put it like the shape. Something like that. I mean it's not too uh That's not their logo, is it? Yeah. It's a How Shall we do the logo in black or not? Are you dissing my drawing? This one? It looks like a ribbon. So who wants to draw? This is actually quite fun. Do we need to do anything? I hear you people are typing. Oh, okay. It's almost four. At four, yeah,? This is really bizarre. It looks like there's a It looks like a butterfly. No, but it i It's not a bu a beamer. B It's a normal T_V_ screen, kind of thing. Oh. Yeah there is some kind of projection I think. With a with a mirror, huh? Or something. Yeah. So are we gonna change anything to this? I mean is it gonna This is gonna be flat. Yeah exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And this is also gonna be Nope. But sometimes then uh all of a sudden it does work. Maybe No it's I think you only need two points. Or not. No, you sh Slanted yeah. Yeah. Well maybe. Yeah it it matters for the aim of this thing. Yeah. Yeah it's only a bit like to that side, but that is that one by the way. 'Cause this one makes the angle either like this. So i if I change this, it will go there, if I change that, will go there. Mm-hmm. I will take this away 'cause it looks messy. Maybe we will. What's this anyway? It looks like candle wax. Uh th uh do you mean the the interaction between us? Or Yeah well at first I was really stressed. Because it went a bit fast. But then as I knew the tempo that I had to be on, the second time I think I did a bit better. And the third time yeah, I mean Yeah, yeah yeah yeah. Yeah we Mm-hmm. Yeah. Definitely. Well you did become more assertive the the second time round, so that Yeah. You were more in charge kind of thing. I guess so. I mean I We were pretty democratic. Yeah. Maybe Yeah. It's uh it's The the pen is more intuitive, 'cause we're all used to writing with pen. And uh as I said, uh I uh have no idea how PowerPoint works, so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal PowerPoint presentation. But once I get to know the program probably, I mean, it looks better, you know. Or uh something like that. You can give it a kind of a home style, like we have i the the logo and everything. And I don't know. Yeah the the the problem with PowerPoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks c as well. You know, you can draw something on the sketch-board and then take it there, or whatever. Alright. Alright. Well, s see you in a second huh?. Yeah we have to pull it this way, huh? Wait.