Yeah. Choose a number? Yes. Well. Well everybody already has his presentation, so you can adjust it. Yeah. Oh right. There is something turning. Yeah, I've got it there too. Yeah. Shall I go uh next? 'Kay. So. Well uh, my name's, and I looked at uh technical functions design of the remote. Uh I did this by uh looking at examples of other remote controls, of how they uh they look, and information from the web that I found. Um well what I found was that uh th the actual use of the remote control is to send messages to television set, how you uh d what you described uh just early. And this can be all sorts of medsa messages, turn it on, turn it off, uh change the channel, adjust volume, that kind of thing. Uh play video, teletext, but also t uh play C_D_ if you use it your C_D_ player the remote control will that one. There are some uh examples of remote controls. You can see they are very different. The one has got all the functions that you could possibly need and an lot of uh buttons etcetera. And the other is uh more user friendly, little with big buttons. And uh not n all the the the the stuff you can do with it, but uh the the essential stuff is there. Um I guess you could better y you should look at a a user centred uh approach, because the customers have to use them and and if they don't think it's usable they won't uh buy it. A lot of buttons they may think from I don't need s as much as that. Uh, well perf personal preferences is is uh a simple remote, with uh the basic functions that you can need that you could use. But uh keep in mind the new functions of T_V_ what we discussed earlier, split screen and uh is that a function that you should have? Because all the T_V_s will have them. Or because of only a few and isn't really necessary. And then uh make it I would make so that you can could uh use it on more than one appliance. If you have one that uh uh does with the vi the the video, it could also work with uh with the stereo, because play is play and stop stop and that sort of thing. The shu c you could reuse the buttons so that you don't have to have a lot of buttons for uh anything. And it should be a user friendly, clear buttons, and not too much. And that is my presentation. You must still have it open. Yeah. Hmm. Mm. Oh right. No. Res I did not. Perhaps the rest? Oh. Mm. Well you said it should only uh work with one appliance? Or with one uh d che only the T_V_? And the video also, or not uh? Oh. Alright. Okay. Yeah. Then it should have uh on, off, and uh Yeah. And per perhaps uh No. Well uh uh yes yes s sh A button where you can uh change from one number to two numbers. Can you Don't know if that's got a name, but Yeah. S Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so you should have that one on. Mute misschien also. An But, do you But if you would do an L_C_D_ screen do we have don don't you have any buttons? Or because if it only directs at the T_V_, then you only have uh I don't know what you want to do with the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah? Oh right, so you can Oh, yeah alright. So you can adjust which buttons you want on that s screen. Yeah alright, oh right. Yeah. Yeah. Would be yeah. Well we had twelve fifty, I guess, for uh production? Yeah. I dunno how expensive an L_C_D_ screen is. Any guesses? Yeah. But But he also said that we should not only focus on the younger people, but also on the older, and will they use it if it only has an L_C_D_ screen? Oh, so still a little bit people Yeah that's right. But you don't want to alienate the other uh But if they also buy it then it's alright. I guess. Yeah. Alright. An Yes. Yeah. Yeah. But perhaps later, so uh Yeah. I don't Well perhaps we should have a backup plan that we would use buttons if it's uh too expensive. Yeah. The L_C_D_? Oh that's a bit of a problem. Oh, that's a bit of a problem. Yeah, but they don't they don't like it. They think it's ugly. When it has an L_C_D_ screen. Oh, alright, I thought that you said that. Yeah. Yeah. A mute button. I think. And Yeah. But But shouldn't you put a button of for teletext on the for the people who want to use it? Remembering we have got a big remote that you have to fill. Yeah. Yeah, they are less important, but I think they should be there, or not? Like with a with a mouse, you have not, yeah. We should think of the twelve fifty we have but I don't know how much that's going to uh Yeah. You should Perhaps you should be able to to switch the control off. If you have an L_C_D_ screen that's burns all the time I dunno. You shouldn't on and off because that's ver extra, that you have t first you have to turn the remote on, and then you can uh I don't know. Nee that's that's uh yeah. But then you can't Yeah. Yeah yeah au automac matically, that it yeah. Yeah. If it's sensible. Yeah. Yeah, b when the batteries are low But you'll also forget to put it in, because you throw it on the couch and you don't remember. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Well I think the batteries should should w should work a lot longer than a couple of days, or not? 'Cause Yeah, that's right, but Yeah. Right. But then you also have to s have somewhere where you can put a remo recharger near your couch because otherwise you have to walk a long way when you twoft want to turn on the T_V_. Yeah. I think everything has it for and I guess. Yeah. Alright. Yeah, twelve fifty, twelve fifty. So it's pretty big. Yeah. W I know let's do a speech. Yeah. Yeah. You can clap or something. Yeah. Now you shouldn't say the wrong thing, I dunno. But they want to talk into the remo remote control, or something, or? Oh, but do we want to implement that, or? Yeah. I know Mm. Well I don't know if that can be done with the cost of twelve fifty. With that uh Yeah, but how would you like to implement that, that you say volume up, and then it goes up, or? Uh. Then you also have to have different languages if we go international. Then uh it's y it's yours to do a French and Dutch and English and Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah you can use icons for the a speaker and uh But if that's better than language for the for the remote. Then it's Yeah. Well, if it could be done, we Yeah. Yeah, that should be uh anything matters. Well, you sh you should to adjust the thing. Yeah. And you have to speak the so that it can understand. You could use that n as an option, if you have money left, or something. Yeah. Let's do speech. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I With uh teletext if it wasn't ver very important, it was but You also now have colours. I don't know if we should implement that. Yeah, when you press the red button, you go to page one hundred two, and when you press the I don't know if we should implement that, because it says that teletext not really important, but yeah, the shortcut, and you can't go to sport. Yeah. 'Cause it should be there. So actually it is there but it's just not r ready there. You'll have to search for it. Yeah. Yeah, that's a I guess not. We've got anon Have got got two examples here, but I don't think there's anything we're missing. Well, we don't have the video orders Yeah, you could look here all the the Uh th th th th I don't know, technical functions. They're a bit small, you can we should stretch them, because I guess we've got them all. And for a T_V_? Can you zoom in a T_V_? Or that you can put 'em on uh on on wide and yeah. But that should also be a sub then, a sub uh menu thing. Yeah, so we should also implement se screen settings. Oh right. Yeah. Yeah, so you can program the Yeah, so the first you see the main, and the other ones you can uh go to uh Yeah. I hope we can do this. We don't have to use that top. Yeah. Yeah. And do we want them in different colours, or And and the buttons, should they have colours? Oh but we don't have any buttons. Yeah. They think it's ugly, right? Perhaps you can uh make adjustable fronts, like with the telephones. You can uh But I don't think that uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A disco version. Five minutes? Oh yeah, right. So you can program the T_V_. Perhaps you should you'd throw them on on in one pile. So, options, and then you sub them. Otherwise you have all those teletext, perhaps teletext not, but Yeah, but I Yeah. Yeah. But I don't know. Or do we have any buttons? On the remote. Which one? But that's also in the L_C_D_, right? So we don't have any normal buttons that uh No, alright. Yet on and off is p is perhaps you kno No, no. Oh well, you should be able to set which T_V_ you have. If you have if you have uh Yeah. But isn't idea to use uh uh what you said, uh normal on and off button for the T_V_, that you don't have to use a Yeah but but not for the remote but for the T_V_, that you use But a not as normal button, in the L_C_D_, yeah. No you just tap I think. But Yeah a yeah. I don't know whether it's handy to have a n a normal on button, a r just uh rubber uh for for T_V_, so you can turn it on and then you can choose the channel. Otherwise you I don't know whether or not that's Yeah, yeah. To turn it on. Of or you should put it in the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah, I have, yeah. Well I I guess if you use the L_C_D_ screen, you first have to search where is the on button, then you uh you you then turn it, and then the T_V_ goes on. But if you have a normal on button on the on the remote, then you do the on, and then you search the channel which you want. Oh right. Yeah, I think so too. Otherwise y wet e k Yeah. Yeah. If we can afford it. Alright. Lunch. Should we put this back in our rooms, or uh? Yeah.