Mm. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's a shame. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. No. I don't think Yeah. Yes you should You should could take a look at it and and and know how it how it's supposed to work. Yeah but nobody reads a manual about a remote control, I think. Yeah right. It sh it should be there, the manual. But but not to explain how the remote works. Only Hmm. No. I think that's uh difficult to realise also. No and we have customers in multiple uh countries I think. Yeah. No. Oh you go. Yeah, go ahead. High tech. You can also like Yeah, I was thinking you can Are some of the the the um Maybe you can make, for for channel changing, two little buttons on the side of the remote, so you can just do like this. Like some uh little uh Gameboy things or some Hmm? Well Yeah alright, but Yeah, but if you s say them up and down, they they'll understand it, I think. Eighty per cent would. Yeah that's true. Yeah but Mm. Well I thought um everybody on the website uh would see the same thing, but obviously that's not the case. Yeah. For instance you couldn't see this. Um Yeah. Well I'm Mike, User Interface Designer. The the method? Well I used my own experience with remotes, took a good l look uh at the remotes on the corporate website, which are these two. Um Yes, these are from from another uh manufacturer. Um This one is engineering-centred, so this one has the most functions and um things. This one is user-centred. Um I like user-centr centred uh uh also the best. Um Well, I thought uh that we uh reduce the the option to control the D_V_D_ also, and teletext and that kind of stuff. Uh so I thought we we we would use more or need more buttons than this one. But Yes. Th that's why this mm is not relevant any more I feel. Um I think this is about the maximum number of buttons uh we'll need. I um I kinda like the shape. I think this is what we talked about. But No I've Well I showed it somewhere. Um Oh yeah. I think we should go further with the idea of a removable front. So we can can uh yeah customise the Mm? Yeah. It's a front. It's not the the whole remote that changes, of course. You can Mm. Or you can you can can put the same symbol on on every remote. So l like Ericsson does every uh S something like this. It's recognisable. Um Yeah? Yeah yeah. Something like that, in the Yeah. Yeah. Um Well so uh uh like I said I thought we'd we'd use more function. If we we had to include more functions. But we don't. So um Yeah. I think this is about the maximum number of buttons we need. Maybe some less. Like eject we don't need, and some other buttons we don't need. I think uh Yeah, I will. I think uh for the remote um uh less is more. The less buttons the better the design. Um We should go with that concept I think. I know. Mm. Yeah, but what kind of features? Like L_C_D_ screens and voice recognition. But I've Yeah, that's nice. Yeah, we should keep that simple too. It will No, it should be uh integrated. I think Yeah, something like on um some radios in car. You Where it's, yeah, walking to Yeah. Wa Yeah. Yeah well we we we still need to know how much that will cost. Or maybe you will get that information uh Yeah. At the top or at the bottom? Yeah but Yeah but with with the L_C_D_ screen on the top it gets a bit unnatural. 'Cause most remotes have some space left at the bottom. Yeah, no Mm. Uh well because most uh remotes have um some space left at the bottom, and that way you can keep the shape recognisable for everybody. I c Well I d I think that's that's ugly but I th Yeah. Power button always Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, y you gotta zap like this or you want to Yeah. Yeah you don't want You want uh Yeah it it it must be a remote. Yeah. At the bottom? In a few minutes Oh yeah, oh yeah, I totally agree. Yeah. He's the boss. No it's our job. For all of us I think. The ten numbers? Yeah? Volume? I think we we should use something like this um to um The the channel up and channel down button? Yeah, in circle, you know? And and a volume control also in it. Yes, as I already said, we could drop some of these buttons. Yeah. I think these should be in one big circle in the middle. Yeah but people don't like it when their buttons are all over the place. They they need to be centred. Volume hardly. No I don't think. Yeah but Yeah but No. The other the other two uh frustrations are far more important. So Well they are used four times an hour, so Power bu button should be left at the top. Mm. Yeah. Well consensus, um We we can put it in the middle, so Alright. No. Well just when you push a one one and No, if you On most T_V_s if you uh press two numbers shortly after each other, d it Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We we can make make uh a little row of like four buttons down here. Or at Yeah alright then. Oh, they can be small or round like buttons. Why go to video? That's just zero. Yeah. Yeah, but you can can zap down Yes, I think th No, then you press ninety nine. I think go to video is an irrelevant button, but Yeah well y you must have. Yeah you yeah you have one one button from s set frequency o or something, and then with plus and min minus you can uh adjust the uh Yeah, alright. I think things like uh contrast and brightness should be um in the menu, yeah. Yeah, the Or the volume or something like that. Your pen. I thought we'd uh lunch uh right now, or not? Yeah, lunch break.