Hello again. Mm yeah. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Your project manager. Welcome to the conceptual design meeting for Real Reaction. Uh, hello again. Uh it's uh the same as the last time. Uh uh, also this time there will be uh three presentations. And we um must uh reach a decision on uh the remote control concepts. Um uh, and at the end, uh I uh, when I finish it off I have some uh input from uh a master class I uh visited. information. The the the the the concepts on uh we uh where we uh must reach a decision on. Um uh, our from uh are of two sorts. Components concepts and user interface concepts. Uh, the first one is uh really about the the the the the total package uh with uh Well, we have decided to do a do the uh with a touch-screen that must be a case around it so uh it won't be uh uh as breakable. Uh how how about the energy? Can you uh can you reload it or uh just have batteries which you must exchange? Uh, the user interface concept. Uh, with the type and uh the the supplements. So uh where to put what button. And uh uh I would say uh Jans, can you begin? Okay. At the end, uh I will take notes uh and at the end of the minutes uh will uh be at the shared folder. Mm-hmm. One one little question. Um about the the material. Uh a soft material for a remote control? Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Oh. But you prefer kinetic? Okay. Yeah, but you don't move a a remote control too much. And that's enough to to keep the energy level uh Okay. Okay. Thank you, Tim. Yeah. Dynamic dynamic look? A little artistic. Okay. It's soft. That's the material the younger people want uh, ain't it? Just like the watch from Seiko. Yeah. I I uh I would prefer uh both uh too. Yeah. Combine them. Rubber. Yeah. Yeah. Mm yeah. Me too. Yeah? Okay. Mm yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Do your thing, Tim. Bring it on. Yeah. Flashy. Yeah. Yeah, but wood is not a not a material you which you build a a remote control of. Yeah but never seen one. Case. Oh, a wooden look, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Would you prefer uh uh that you can choose the colour of your uh remote control or Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Maybe you could use your remote as a phone. There are numbers on it, so uh So that you say um S_P_S_S_, and it goes to uh Okay. Yeah, but you don't use that th games when you watching television, I think. Yeah, okay. You take your remote control with you. Uh great. Oh, okay. Uh I think we can discuss a little about the the three uh kind of revolutionary things uh Tim uh came with. The parental control, the games, and the voice recognition. Uh There's n not uh too much decision on uh that one so uh I think that parental control is a good function to uh to put in the remote. I don't know how you think about it. Yeah. Yeah. No but I think most people uh find it uh much more important that their children don't watch uh sex or violence uh on the television, and uh wait uh ten or fifteen seconds longer, so they can uh finally watch it uh because of that. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think that's a b there's a big market for it, because uh you Yeah, you read many times in magazines same kind of stuff, and you heard on the news that uh that he Yeah, they believe that children uh are influenced by the television, and uh Well, we're we're aiming uh to uh below uh forty uh years. But there are a lot of uh people will below forty who have uh children in young age uh who who want um to uh not watch uh violent or uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. That's a that's a better idea? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, with and one without. Yeah. Yeah, maybe it can work with show view. Uh, you you can control your video recorder with show view. Uh, when you tick in a number, it will uh start and end uh recording. But maybe there's some option that uh that t uh the kind of show view numbers are violent, and that they are blocked out. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't put it in an optional device. That that then then then it becomes too much, I think. If we do it, we we must do it in a kind of ways that like a profile, a parent profile, and a family profile, and otherwise. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And what do you uh guys think of the games in the voice recognition? I personally think that that becomes too much. It's more like it gets you to the functionality, but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And games? That would Okay. So that will uh that that that must be in it, you think? Okay. So the games uh are in it. The voice recognition are not. And the parental control are optional? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, okay. Uh, but uh will there uh uh Like the first idea uh from uh You can buy it without and uh with parental contr control? Or are we going to put it in and uh just uh Yeah? Mm yeah. Yeah, you yo Yeah, but most often not. Yeah. Okay. So uh I think we have decided on the things that Uh from Janus, the energy, the combination between battery and kinetic. The case will be double-curved and uh rubber, in a fr flashy fruity colour uh that with cover is removable. The buttons will be uh touch-screen. Uh but there may not be too many buttons. And in the the menu structure, uh there must not to be uh Five minutes to go. Uh, too uh too many levels. And uh it must be easy to use. The parental control will be incorporated, but it must be not too complex. And the games are in it. So I think we have uh we have decided uh, okay. Uh, little more. Yeah. Like a like a moat or s or something. Yeah. Yeah, but you have that in the Yeah. You use the Yeah. It's already incorporated a little in that concept. Okay. We take it to the other meeting, okay? I have a little w uh little chat to do and uh then we uh finish. I went to uh a master class and uh uh two things uh are uh are uh can come in handy uh for us. First thing uh is uh we talked about knowledge uh management. Knowledge engineering and uh uh the fact that uh that uh that the idea of knowledge, uh sharing and learning knowledge from other companies is uh like that. It's it's uh very hot at the moment, so it's it's mostly for the management expert to to look what other uh marketing or did I said management? Oh. Just talking about myself. Uh W What other companies uh had to uh also with the the the the marketing campaign when they put on a newer remote, just some uh Yeah. Import export. And uh another one. Uh, they're a ha they're at Yeah, benchmarking, that's the word I saw. I uh couldn't uh Okay, uh another uh thing is uh there were there there was a survey, and um uh it came out that um people like to buy things from a single large provider, instead of those who uh are partnering uh with us. So, we must uh we must bring it as if uh Real Reaction is uh is big company, uh a trustful company, and uh it has m Okay. I had a I had another idea to put uh uh the whole the whole idea of uh Real Reaction and uh uh uh a single brand and uh uh that kind of thing. When you uh put on remote, you see a kind of a just like when you telephone, you see a little uh animation. Real Reaction remote. And uh with the with the with the motto, we put fashion in electronics. And then you go uh The Yeah. But w th the idea from this uh thing is that we must present it as a as we are a a single large provider who will stand on our own. Mm yep, yeah. Also also. But we we are uh Yeah yeah y yeah yeah. Okay, but uh think about that kind of things. That's what they said in the master class.. N Uh, next meeting starts in thirty minutes. So uh maybe you can go to Paris and Milan uh once again. The master class? Franz Mehler's. Uh, very special, uh next uh session. Uh idea that you uh the the industrial uh development uh centre and uh user interface uh will work together on a prototype. And uh will drawing it on the SMARTboard. So that's a kinda new uh thing. And um, the marketing expert will uh will uh ke he will be keeping busy with the product uh evaluation. But the most uh specific instructions will be sent to you by email. Yeah, the well, uh dids this what I uh what I heard. I Not in the master class. So you uh just wait for the specific instructions and uh But I think it was a very uh very good uh session, uh gentlemen. I will thank you all. And uh Give me a good evaluation. Cheers. See you in a half hour. But keep an eye on your uh laptops for a real uh Yeah, but th there's there's still the my uh instructions that you will work together. That's not my problem. Bye-bye. The project manager always works alone.