My mouse is not working anymore. He's uh when I put it in, is is going to beep beep beep. Huh. Okay, how can I get this on the whiteboard? Okay, I've done that. Yes. 'Kay, we're going to um uh talk about working design. Um, the method of the remote control is uh electrical energy, it activates a chip uh in the remote. It's an electrical circuit which compose uh messages in the form of uh uh infrared signals to control the television. Mm, it's a nowadays very uh known, a known uh uh technology. Um, the known technology can make a cost very low. Uh, it's a wild uh a wide sale uh of uh remote controls in the world. And and the components are very uh very cheap. Um, Uh, diodes, uh bat batteries and uh uh LED lights, they're needed and they're uh everywhere available. Uh, again, it's a fair price. It's a common uh technology uh, like I told um Uh, the circuit board, it's the most um important uh um part of the remote control. Uh, we can use for that uh fibreglass with copper wires, it's it is uh can be made as fast as printing paper. It's uh it's all very uh Yeah, they're making it uh all the time. Uh, and it's not uh very specialised uh technology. I haven't come to here, but um I've got uh some uh images of uh remote controls. They were not uh very uh trendy or just uh just a remote control like everyone knows. So I don't know uh why I should put it here. Uh Yes, but uh I uh haven't made it because uh of the time. But What? No. Yes. Um, no, it's uh it's just a part of uh a known technology, yeah. Remote control is nothing special nowadays. Um I don't think so, because of the all the televisions uh there are a few maybe a couple of televisions with the new functions, but is it useful to put them on a on a standard uh remote? No. But you can put them under the same button. But you can put a play and stop and and rewind. Yes, but we Huh. Yes, but there are there are But how wi how will you be able to handle a whole market? There are uh a dozen of uh dozens of of remote controls that have Yes, but you could put on the z on the zap buttons you can put it to uh to uh access all the same pages. If you have seven pages, you can go up and down. Yes. Yes. Maybe we can make uh a kind of a joystick. But No, it's o just signals uh and the television d uh does the rest. No. The most standard batteries. But i in a way we have to be uh uh special. Maybe th m For the remote control. That's to be uh a formed for your hand. More like a joystick then. But that's that's fun for the first time, and then the second Or you can Yeah. With recharger. Yes, but is that handy? But but remote controls remote controls nowadays can can last uh two years, three years, with with t two batteries. And then you Yes. Or But you pay for it. Maybe like this pen. It has to feel nice in your hand.