Hello. There's one of mine. Hello, Flores.. We have a slight problem. I opened uh the C_D_ ROM box uh guys. So just cancel it. Yeah, I opened the C_D_ ROM box. Accidentally. But it's alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But you can't upload your presentation from here, I believe. Okay. I don't think it's wireless here. Or it is. Yeah? Okay, great. Yeah. Time, yeah. Yes. Yeah, I'll start. Um Oh, how can I uh Geez, and sli and show. Um Just uh press it. Uh yes. Alright. Um well w we uh we had discussed this already in the fin in the previous uh discussion. Uh the method of the remote control is just the function of remote control is basically to send messages to the television set. So that was the main uh important thing what a remote control should do. Then I found uh two different kind of remote controls, the multi-function uh remote control with many possibilities, but um the lack of the feeling I already mentioned uh in the previous uh discussion. And the ease-of-use remote control with uh the less p possibilities but a great feeling in in touching the buttons. Um but um yeah. My personal preferences were ease of uh the easy to use remote control, because uh the user-friendliness and uh it can be more trendy in in user design. But um your new goal f was for uh people than less than forty years old. So maybe um the multi-function can be implemented in uh in our design. But it should b I think it should be a combination, but teletext buttons are not uh in our design. So it should uh take out, well, eight buttons or so. But my in my opinion, the the easy to use R_C_ is uh the best uh possi possibility for us. Yeah. And it's also i indeed uh uh Ruud's uh insight in the in the topic. Yeah, what what does the market want? I I don't know. Just for uh for user desi uh user uh friendliness I uh should choose for the the ease of use remote control. Scusi. Energies and uh Yeah. The glow in the dark uh concept uh we discussed. Succeed in it also. And what's the um if we use the LEDs, i does it use much more energy or Okay. For the same costs, it's can be uh in our Combined with the low-cost circuit board so it's uh Yeah. But I think Yeah, I think it's the same as in the cell phone, just light in in the device that that shines on all the buttons, and not for Yeah, but not for each button one LED, I think. Could you step a little bit more to the right? Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Sound signal. Yeah. The volume and uh the zap buttons are the mostly used. So Yeah, well it should just have a design The perfect design for those only those buttons. And first um Yeah. Yeah, the sound signal. Just one thing I'm just wondering, the sound signal, from where do you execute th the s sound? Another device is not a solution. It should be uh uh Yeah, but maybe you'll uh get some new technologies for it. Yeah, just like uh the phones the But but T_V_s don't have all uh uh buttons. Uh But I believe you will have an I'm convinced uh Sebastian will uh find uh one solution for us. But we can have just uh uh a home stat uh f a base station next to the T_V_. Just a little antenna or uh something. Well if you lost th I don't think people would bother walking to the T_V_ and press that button because they lost the their remote. Uh that's just uh just a base station next to the T_V_ is the best possibility. Yeah. And do we even uh prefer the sound above the the LEDs, the lightning uh function? It's a unique item uh It will be an a unique feature of our remote control. Yeah. And just about uh the user interface, I came up with um an easy remote control and an advanced remote control. What should we choose in in design? Well, the extra functions. Used option. Well, so it just th the basic functions. And we don't have to use it for D_V_D_ players uh and all kind of stuff. So Yeah. Just through uh the easy uh design. We can make uh a nice design when when there's not mu uh much buttons in it. So Uh just a few buttons, trendy design, nice lightning effects wh and the sound. Yeah, I don't know yet. But does it uh I then should n just use uh i instead of the stick, uh like many cell phones, just a round m well, should we just use a Um it's already uh oh, we have a blank. Oh. It's just an easy uh way of of a round button what which can be pushed in four directions. Instead of a stick. A stick is v vulnerab vulnerable when it's falling down or uh just a round uh button should be the trick, I think. Yeah. Geez. Well, volume and something uh like that. The programme up and down. And the vol yeah, the pen doesn't uh really does what I want. But I think our our next step to look at is just that. So I don't think it's um we have something to do. Uh we can't discuss it right now, because n no one of us have has the information to discuss about that, I think. Yes? Mm-hmm. 'Kay, but teletext is so uh is just scrapped. The ten digits. Oh, and just one function. The the the the programme to programme button, the switch to uh two channels, when you have uh something on channel four and something on channel six, just one button which which can uh change yeah. Yeah. Alright. Our B_S_C_ uh W_ uh The ten digits? Yeah, I believe so. Yeah. I wouldn't buy it personally. A remote control without the ten digits. Uh and I think the most Just elder elder people would would buy it, but Yep. The older people only use five of them. Yeah. On the design. Yeah. Yeah. So we have to i to make um a decision between the ten digits or the voice recognition. Mm-hmm. Twelve dollar fifty. I have nothing uh nothing to add, I think. But the cheaper the ch uh the the chip or th what was it? The circuit board. The fewer buttons you can use on it. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Well it then we should just uh take a look at the costs and uh especially for the voice recognition. No. We're done, I think. Me neither. Interface industrial. Yeah. Uh the only problem is it that it depends on the divisions the decis uh decisions Sebastian makes. About the voice recognition. Well Yeah. Yep. Adapt. That's it. 'Kay. I'll take the lunch.