Like this one. It's important. Uh I think th this is device which which has a learning curve. Um novice users u use this device as uh normal users use uh a c a remote control. And after a while they start to develop uh some skills in the the voice recognition functions, and then they will not use this dial as often. But other users who are new to this device need something like that. They n they need to understand what uh how to change channels and uh change the volume, so it's easier for them Yeah, maybe so. Yes, it's Well, it's it's it's another approach, it's more that our um. There are there are many ways of doing uh things uh on such a device. It's it's quite easy. Yes, rubber? There are plastic or rubber. Uh yellow with uh grey or black or something like that. Whatever cost uh cost uh the least. No. Uh maybe we should uh think about these buttons. But Yes, but it but these are tasks that are only executed once, I think. Or not? Well okay. Okay, yeah, that's right. Or something li like that. Yes. Is it spongy? I believe it's fancy too. Okay. Well it's very expensive. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Okay. But I'm afraid it's not complete. Because we use spec uh specic uh special materials, the last item. And you have not added one item there. So it's c way too expensive. But it Yes. Well, b basically it when when this is our only option, we should even consider changing the casing, because I think there's very little added value in uh an enhanced case with these dull functions. So Type of m maybe another market segment. Yeah. Yes. That's maybe that's better. Maybe we could uh we should go for straight and simple, but that's not what uh has been asked. So we should kick the board's uh Well Hmm. Yes. Well, maybe it's good to do it anyway, because if we evaluate it, we we can also determine if our objectives are good. So Is it fancy? I think so. But it's not that fancy. I mean I think uh I think it would have been more fancy if we used the titanium housing the casing. It would be even more oh, you really like titanium. I'm I'm into it. It has flavour. Yes, that's right. You should taste it. It has to do with fashion, I guess. So do Okay. Yes. I think I th I think it would have been I would have think uh it could have been more fancy by using the double-curved case. It would have been even more fancy, but we decided not to, because if we use a double-curved case, we could not use solar. So Yes. Yes, I agree too. It's okay. We did yes, we did good. Well, let's let's this product. So I I I think it is. I think it's innovative. No. It could have been a little bit more innovative u by using the kinetic uh energy source, but it's it's way too yes, but I think uh it's a two. Well, but there are two parts in this remote control. What you see here is is the basic part. Everybody can use it, so that's easy to use. That's for a novice user. When you have a more advanced, elaborate user, well, such a user really would like to explore all these additional functions. So in that in that way it is advanced, and I think it's easy to use for for both uh types of users. So uh It's maybe it's not very uh easy for Okay. Yeah, that's right. You're right in that, but I I guess uh an advanced user will will find the voice recognition function easy to use, because he is already he or she is already an advanced user. So After all, I think personally I would give a two. But So, it's two, two and three. Two threes. So that's ten. So that's w No, two and a half. Six and four. Six and four is ten. Divided by four is two and a half. So Yes. Four? Two? Divided by four. That's not even But that's not possible to fill in, so we have to round it. Yes. It it most definitely is it's very easy. Yes. Maybe Uh I I think I think something like that. Maybe you have to uh programme it once, so to that l respond to uh a certain word or a certain sentence, something like where are you, and then it will sing I'm here. So something like that. So, I th Yeah, me too. Well, it can be. There are cases um in which the outside casing is um can be uh how d how do you prono is is moldable. No, it's not one of our option, but when you look in the market, when you look Uh yes, but that's not that's not uh what they are talking about, I think. Because we compare all these uh characteristics characteristics with uh market uh with with the real market. So there are uh remote controls out there which are a lot more spongy. They're out there. Yes, but it's not good enough, so it's a two. You take one? What do you give it? No no no. Uh I'll I'll change it, I'll make it m my my mark will be a four. Basically it's it's completely programmable. You can add very m much functionality by uh using the voice recognition mode. So it's quite advanced. Yes. Has uh the signals sent to it. Absolutely. Yes. But that that's its power, I guess, because uh a regular programmable uh remote control contains, well, uh really a lot of buttons. At at least uh forty buttons. So it's it's quite s complicated to get uh to get used to. And this is quite s simple. You can use your voice to to programme it. It's Yeah, I'll give it a one. Yes. I I've I think we've uh succe succeed in in developing a product that's actually quite good, but not for this kind of market, and not for this kind of price. So Hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, I agree. I Yeah, okay. But Yes. M about fifty Euros. That's quite ex well, it's not it's not very expensive for a remote control that that has this functionality. Yes, it's more than fifty Euros. It's quite expensive, yes. Yes. Yes, but you can you c Yes, but you can learn this thing, all these functions. And it's easier to use because those uh remote controls don't offer voice recognition and this one does. So I think it's worth its price. Well, it's it's about one point five. Something like that. Well Well, I think Mm. Actually, we had Yes. We had we had too little information actually. So And uh um the the the well, looking at room for creativity, there was w way too the the choice of components was way too narrow. So there was not really a process of uh Well Yes. Well, in the first meeting we we already were very creative. We we thought of possibilities who are not possible uh with the the current uh offer of uh manufacturing components. So We're tempered by that, yes. Yeah, okay. I think we're a good team. Yes. Well, I tried once, but that was not allowed. I think so too. Uh. The digital pen was okay, but SMARTboard was really bad. It it's The response is very slow and the possibilities are very limited. It's not accurate. Maybe it's it needs to be calibrateds. It is? Okay. Okay. I I think so too. Yes. Yes. Mm-hmm. But I think it's a great solution for uh for uh a known problem, uh writing down some notes, some some inf uh information, and then um forgetting your notebook somewhere and losing all that information. Because you have everything in one place and it's quite easy quite easy it's it's possible to make this information digital and share it with others in a quite easy way. I think it's a good product. I only think it's th the the shape of the pen is too big. It's not quite uh ergonomic. Eco ergonomic. Yes. Yes, yes. That's quite what PowerPoint does. An object, yes. Yes. The drawing cap capabilities are very limited. And and uh w you were when you're using uh Windows, you're used to a certain interface and certain buttons, uh which you can use for drawing. And a lot of these buttons don't appear here. So it's Not not uh n not way. It's quite uh limited. Okay. Oh, very good, celebration. Pop uh pop up the champagne. Okay. I see some action over there. Okay. uh we're done, we're finished, I believe. So, are there any more cycles in this process? I think not. But um how much time did we get for this meeting? And how much time is left? Ten minutes. Okay. Okay. Well, I think we we we all know what the redesign should be. A simple, dull, uh one-coloured box. No, it's it's just the same product that is already on the market. What is that? It's a giraffe eating a eating leaves from a tree. So you're actually promoting Bluetooth. Or blue tongue. Blue tongue. Okay. Let's wrap it up. Thank you Mister manager. Now, let's have uh a bottle of champagne..