Mm. Alright. Hmm. It's a colour. No. You can put the R_ and R_. Alright. I will go next. Alright so I thought a little bit about the interface. Uh how it should look. And uh uh we uh determined that will not be no buttons, but only an L_C_D_ screen, so I had to uh look on that. And the design is therefore based on what we just uh uh thought of. Uh first there are some new findings and new technology for speech recognition. And this is that uh um uh uh you you ask you give a question through through the device and it answers you. And they already uh put this in an in a coffee maker. And so that it you say uh good morning, uh coffee maker, and it says t says to you back good morning Joe or what's your name. This uh and there's an easy way to uh program that uh you say record into the device into the speaker and then you say the question and three seconds later you say the answer and then when you say the question it gives you the answer. Um perhaps it's useful, perhaps for because people um lose the remote, they can yell uh remote where are you and calls or something. And perhaps we could uh implement that. And then I have to go out of the presentation because I tried to make some kind of a a idea of how it should look like but I can't draw, so uh don't make too much of it. I tried to uh the L_C_D_ screen I tried to sort of to draw. I thought uh at least uh the icon for the volume. I don't know if there is an icon for the program, but yeah. So uh and then the buttons above and uh below the and the and the mute button also recognisable as an icon. Um. I forgot that one. I thought I forgot something, but uh. And uh and uh the numbers, that should be a bit larger I think it's not really on scale and and so forth. Um an options button. And I thought the the button for teletext apar uh apart because it's not really options, I think. It's uh options is the settings of the remote and of the T_V_ and that kind of uh thing. So could call it settings or something. But this is a bit uh how I thought it. And uh the L_C_D_ uh somewhere on the remote. Perhaps we could be more curvy the remote perhaps should, so that it's better in your hand or something uh. But uh and and uh a microph microphone for the speech uh recognition if we want to implement that. Uh and then uh if you press the op options button, now we have an example of and then you should get the other options with what what you could do and that you could do with something like this this. And uh it's also uh I thought think we discussed uh earlier that uh older people don't really want to use uh these extra settings. And older people a also don't really want to use this uh th this kind of option menus. So they want to u use one button and then something happens, and not choose with uh this kind of uh And you could put in a an a really s little scrolling device on the side of your uh remote, so you could scroll scroll uh across these uh things. That's an option. And that was my uh finding dinge. Yeah. Grass green. Let's build it into a sponge. It was one remote, I think, different colours. You could you could uh change the colours, that was also the idea. I don't know which shape you should should take, but. Yeah. Perhaps you could find something in the middle. Round but square. Yeah. Uh i i if you do it uh uh square, with round corners but a little uh in the middle of it uh i Do you know what I mean? wait, like like this uh a bit. So it's a bit square, but it's also a bit uh round. So but then Same sides. But that's uh Yeah but that's also how other remotes are shaped, so that's uh But perhaps that's a good thing, so that's easy to use. People know the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Swords. Yeah. But that's easily to do with the colour, I think. That's easy to do with the colours, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah think uh Also in between. I don't think you should be able to mould it, but Yeah. Bit like this kind of rubber. This uh But it's quite hard, this. Yeah. I don't think it's rubber. Uh did you have something about uh So we should first decide about shape, I think. Which uh Then you can fit the L_C_D_ screen in it, and can decide uh. Yeah it it's supposed to be bit s bit s bit Yeah. Ooh Yeah. But if you pu Now you can put your hand there and then you won't touch the screen. Perhaps that's best. But not on the screen because Yeah that's uh that's an idea. Looks a bit like a Game Boy now. You always touch it, yeah. Yeah. Y you could include a pen. Yeah o yeah, if they think it's handy to use a pen. Yeah I think this uh this is a good size for the screen. I don't know how how large the actual remote should be but a little bit like this, or something. Yeah. I think energy were batteries and then uh and uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just like with the telephone. but it should be th I think normal batteries, not not like two or two uh Yeah. Yeah. Um what was with the chip on print? Yeah. It's rubber. Yeah but but a hard rubber like this? Or softer rubber or Yeah. It bounces back from the floor where you throw it. Yeah yeah this in different colours? Yeah it's a bit. But I think it should be a bit longer, perhaps. Yeah. I think so too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, alright. And then Yeah, you can uh It's pretty easy but And Yeah, I had what I just uh I should again. I miss a few buttons, but. Well. At least uh what we should also have on, I just remembered, um a menu to go back through the first uh if if you touch options, you can't go back to this uh right away now. This I don't know. I think it's I don't know. I I thought it was uh easier to handle this way, but I don't know what they think. Would you like the the buttons horizontal or v vertical? Th Right well if we make it like this, I think if you put it like this Yeah. Yeah. But I think I wou I think that's a matter of what you're used to. I think I would put a plus and a min uh here. And then the P_ in the mid in the middle and the sound uh in the middle. Almost. Yeah but I think when you are holding it, you could press the minus and the plus and with the other finger the minus and the plus. Yeah but I think Yeah I don't know. Perhaps I have some examples. I don't know That's me. But I'm going to look if I've got some examples 'cause perhaps you should choose what's most often used. The 'Cause they can use that better. Yeah. I Here is our here are uh I don't really know. Yeah. Yeah but But I mean if it's usually plus or min above each other or next to each other on a normal remote. W what's what's usual or normal. Yes I'm looking here. But here's it's below, here also, and now here's here's next to each other. I think it's it's a Yeah. I think the the the volume was usually uh above each other, because you go higher and down. And the the pay the the the program is next to each other, because you would go further and back. That's how it's is usually when I look here that's what I see. I don't know. Yeah. This concept is in the actual design, but you should know where you would place a And the speech uh shall we implement that? Or uh Yeah. But then you should also find a place You could if you do it like this you could put it in a corner or something. You can talk into the corner. Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, that's also. So, in the middle or something. but you should uh decide where you want to put it. Right? You could p you could put it in a logo of the company. Yeah. Yeah. So where do you want to put it? Yeah actually it does because it you can you can find it better if you use it. It's a way for you to uh So it makes more sense just 'cause other remotes don't have that. About a microphone, there is no button. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Any more uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um yeah. Yeah the the young people do like uh scroll uh yeah. Or at least Yeah I don't know if it's really the scroll, but the menu they like most, and I think you can never get through a menu great with a scroll uh But you have it's f uh we have five or four or something. Yeah. Yeah. It's also different. You should you should have a black one because uh I think black is standard. But if you want to be different, then uh Silver. Silver rubber. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just all kind of colour. Yeah. And and do we have to have a normal black one, or uh Is it Yeah. Well I don't know what to do, but. Ooh. Right. Yeah. But do we have to We'll work together, but do we have to stay here, or do we Right. Yes. Okay. Yeah I think. No. Yeah. So we have to keep talking English now?