Well something fancy looking can be can be easy to use. Bananas. Yeah. Yeah. Soccer fronts. Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. And it it doesn't have to be strong, also. Only the feel. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. The buttons can be made of an uh a soft material. Because people like that. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well um nah the method um we will um include the buttons as we discussed uh earlier. Um an L_C_D_ s screen will be implemented. Um we must decide where, this meeting. Um there are new developments in speech recognition um systems, um and they are already being uh used on uh coffee machines. And um well they're cheap, so we could use them now. Um it's not really speech recognition, it's more um like you can um talk to the chip, uh record the message and record an answer, and then once you uh talk to the remote, then um he will a answer with the the prerecorded message that you left. So if I say hi Mike, and you have recorded uh hi Mike back, then you will get that. No it doesn't does not do anything. But i it's just a Yeah it's it's cheap. No but that's the gadget they want, or the gimmicks. Yes, we we should really uh include that one, I think. Um Well, as I said uh earlier I think the uh L_C_D_ screen should be uh positioned at the lower end of the remote. Um the buttons for screen width and general settings and uh and that kind of stuff um we can also do let that kind of functions um be shown in the L_C_D_ screen, uh instead of uh extra buttons. I think young people and yeah w well every user would like that. Um the buttons um should be positioned uh positioned the same way as they are on a, well, conventional remote, I think. For the learnability and uh well to keep it recognisable. A voice recognition can be uh implemented. And uh I drew an example, but it did not work quite the well uh the way I wanted it to do. Hmm? Well I have the I can draw it again, and I know what I did wrong. I didn't tick the note bo box in the. Um Um with the uh the up and down and and well buttons and the Well I will draw what I had drawn on the screen. Yes. Um I shall draw this. If it uh works. Mm so have I. Nah. Well these little buttons are a bit difficult to uh draw uh correct. Yeah just uh the numbers. These these will be bigger in the the real design. This must be the Okay button used to uh interact with the L_C_D_ screen. And with this you can uh, yes, go to through the menus and that can Um the video button should be uh an apart button, because you want it to uh t, yeah, to use it fast within one uh click. Um it's Hmm? This button can also be the Menu button, we use in the menus Well we we can add another button here, but Yeah. Ah right. Well you you No no, we we we should uh add uh a extra Menu button and this the Okay button. Ah once you have an extra Menu button, you don't need that that extra option. You have uh redundancy. Yeah, if we decide to uh to implement that, maybe we should. Well they that could be anywhere. That's very small. It could be uh down here. Um. Well, not here. I yeah I suggest here. But that's just a little gap. Yeah. Well the speaker and the microphone, I think, are the same uh little hole thingy. Yeah. Well i Um there are a all already being implemented in in coffee machines, so they won't be uh very expensive. But This is my suggested design. Um Yes. And oh I think as you can see so, the L_C_D_ screen does look better uh at the lower end, or at the bottom. But Oh, um I had some uh examples. You can uh But I did not like it very much, but Well these are quite obvious, very ugly remote. Um No, well th Yeah. Well not all. Uh this is for children but th No. W but with the colours i it's a bit the way we're going to. Well this is a terrible Um this looks Yeah. This uh these are the L_C_D_ screens. I think we should, if it's um possible, uh one with colours, but I don't know uh Too expensive? Alright. Well Nah. Ha, even more. N Well Yeah, this is what we've just done. Right? Ah right. Not everything. Yeah but all these examples are uh of a coffee machine. I think we Why don't we um use uh titanium or or a hard, yeah, some kind of metal for the uh the the whole remote except the front. That Just like um most cell phones are. Yeah. Yeah. No but you you have this Yeah. Yeah, you have the re remote in your hand like this. So you feel titanium. Yeah. And I don't know if you can make steel just any way you want it to. Yeah. Well any colour Yeah, then you you paint it in the colour you want it. The plastic is is the colour you want it. So Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Well titanium is neutral. Hmm. Yeah. Well Our customers will use those uh funky uh trendy colours, and they don't use uh wood. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. The electrical cable uh does No we don't use an electrical cable. Yeah inside, but this is for the coffee uh machine. Yeah, but that's not what's meant here, I think. Yeah. Well I got a better one here and I will um The shared folder. I will work this out uh for the uh next meeting. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's the whole idea of the front. Yes. But that's for later on. The fronts y you can do anything with them. Yeah, right For the uh initiative uh launch. Mm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well you can you can give them uh s s three or so, so that they can uh experiment with it and that they want more. Yeah. Red red, blue and green you give them or something, and then you can give them uh other ones. Yeah we should do that. Mm. Yeah, we can do that. But bu we stay we stay here or something? Ah right. And take it to our rooms and uh Ah, specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. Yeah. Um Will we use uh round buttons or square ones for the for the numbers? Yeah I I I also uh thought Yeah. And these uh these s these buttons uh are more uh triangle-ish shaped with a square one in the middle. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Well most of the time uh up and down is programme and left and right are volume, I think. Yeah, it depends, but If you turn up the volume, you always see this thingy go up. Yeah. Yeah alright. Mm. Uh I I'd say only the logo. Too much text and it gets too too busy. Well it's quite a long phrase. Ah the logo should be on the top I think. Right corner, yes. uh the text? Yeah. Uh yeah, at the back? Well you c Well uh Yes. You can The logo can be on on every uh front. Yeah, but then you must uh really uh yeah push it in or something. Yeah, on the backside. Well n n not not on the front side, I think. On the back Yes, you you can, yeah, push that in, so that it is always be there. Yeah. Yeah I think over here the logo. Yes we could No, they have two fronts, that. You you can Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, you can you can just And then not a straight line but uh some sort of wave or something. This is titanium. And this is uh F front. Yeah. With the with the curved edge. Yeah. Yeah. Tada. Yeah. Ah. Yeah, that's nice finishing touch you need. Yeah, this is the front. This is the My design. Yeah. We'll stay here I guess? Well we can uh erase an animal I guess. Uh the fourth one. Uh the fourth one is empty, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think we have to wait? Maybe. Yeah. Aha. This has no function. We've done too much in the previous meetings. Yes, we've got nothing to do now. Its the best remote ever. Pinball. Yes, but you you get really close to the screen with your hand, and I don't think that's Hmm. We can better uh draw a design on this. Yeah, but we can't. Well We'll stay here? Or we'll get the email. Yeah. Well we'll wait a few seconds and then we'll get an email. Yeah.