Okay, welcome to the detailed design meeting. Again, I'm gonna take minutes. Oh, we're gonna have a prototype presentation first. Uh, who's gonna give the prototype presentation? You two guys? Okay. Go ahead. Oh no, the the the mute button misses now. Do y do you did we want to have a m mute button? Huh. Wait, there's was one thing I wanted to ask. Uh, there are different ways for remote controls to uh do uh like uh d I call it teens and twenties. Uh, y th th th the two numbers. Yeah, but do we have do we need extra buttons, for example some uh some have to Yeah, but you don't you don't actually need them, becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first, then you have a couple of seconds No, I don't think so. Nah, I don't think so really, because you have a I know some remote controls that don't have these buttons, but you still can, know, obviously you can still select the twenty uh a number in the twenty or in the ten. No, I think uh I really think it's n because you can when when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash, it's the same thing as when you just push the one, because it i it first gives you the functionality of that that uh separate button you also had to uh apply. Yeah, because that's i it's for television. It's exact the same thing. No, listen listen. When you push the button, the remote control gives a signal. I in th in the first place it gives a signal which it would also send when you put a separate button on it. The one with dash, that signal gi and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds, then the remote control gives a signal for channel one. I think it works that way, really. Yeah, but it's exact the same that w would appear when you put a separate button push a separate button. Yeah, but you don't underst uh you don't understand my point. I think it's exact the same thing when y No, but then they would a would also support that button, because it's the same thing. Listen, with that that's that special but button you're talking about, eh? That's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv T_V_ that they have to put a one in on your screen and a dash, which you can pu so you can uh still put another number on it. When you don't have that separate button, and you push y one, it's exactly the same thing. Do y you the remote control gives that same signal as it would give when you only had Yeah. But you give the input. You push the one. That's the same thing as the button with the one and it yes it it is. Think about it. And it's the same thing what happens and a g remote control gives another signal after five seconds that is just one. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, but I m uh but it's I I know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied, only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash, but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons, it still works. But okay, we we'll impl No, we'll apply them then for now. Yeah, app just apply them next to the zero, the one and the two. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, for now, if we don't know for sure whether Yeah but okay. What I said about uh the remote control sending another signal, that that might not be true, but I still think i it it all T_V_s in some ways support it, I don't know. I think it's more c is m maybe we don't uh we both don't really understand how it i how it really works, but I think there's more to in than wha than what you just said. I do think that uh m T_V_s support mur multiple kind of remote controls. M Th won't work wi with uh to have that special button. Okay, well we'll see. But Well let's ha let's talk about the docking station later, because uh maybe we have we have to uh consider the docking station anyway, because we have some uh cost issues still to come. But we have to look n I don't know. Yeah. Okay. Yes. That's it? I think added lights are gonna be a problem too. Okay. For now, uh this is uh is good enough. Yeah, what was uh on the Okay, but in the oh yeah, the colour, because we're gonna use uh one colour for the the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber, isn't it? Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons. And they're be a they'll be in the same colour as the rubber on the side. Okay. And I think we should use a a darker colour for the um plastic, and maybe some more m brighter and flashy stuff Yeah, we'll talk about the lights later. 'Cause I also don yeah, it's depends on the costs and such. But uh, and we have to agree uh upon the exact colours, but may I dunno if that's important, but we'll talk about that later. Okay, for now this is this is okay. Um, the next p y you gonna give a presentation too? Uh, I have to see the agenda. Detail design. Evaluation criteria. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I think four maybe would be appropriate, because it's Yeah, maybe it really depends on taste. Uh, I mean it's kind of, our design. It's so if maybe a lot of people find it really ugly, you know, o other people find it really cool. I don't know or uh I don't know how you Casting. Yeah. Yeah, but we d we didn't we're we're not planning to use fronts, I believe. With a colour a co a colours. Oh, okay. Okay, but Oh, maybe we should do three or something that w you know, our Yeah. Uh, I was thinking about four, so I think three is uh Yeah well, let that let's make that a one. That's one thing for sure. Yeah, two or a one, I guess. It's something we really put work into. Yeah. But Well maybe a two, because of the menu button or something. And telete Yeah, we don't know if the uh they're necessary. I think a two. Came a long way, but not we didn't not uh No, w w it can also always be more simplistic, but two is yeah. Yeah, uh a t I think a two. Yeah yeah, y i it's hard to say from this picture. But I do think it's more But I do think that it's more trendy than beautiful. So so I think maybe it has to score higher uh on this than on the A th a three. I i uh when you compare to the Uh uh what's the difference with Okay. No. Yeah, but we uh you mean the rubber stuff? Yeah, but we have t we have to talk about the lights uh. And I don't u also it's also really not innovative, it's more No, six. Or seven maybe, yeah. Or six. Yeah, mine is seven. Uh it's uh depends on the on the maybe No, I think I think actually it's a seven maybe, but there's nothing innovative about it. N no no, t. Yeah, I mean the dock station, but but uh, I think the the docking station, it's gonna be a kind of a problem. But Well, let's leave it open for uh for us later to see what, because we have to reevaluate anyway. Well I i yeah. No? Okay, for now it's a six or a seven uh, sev six maybe, because Yeah, but I don't I don't know if it's very inno yeah. Yeah, v Yeah, more through uh like function T_V_ functionalities and no no, you know what I mean. You have must be innovative technology for remote controls, but more in how you control stuff, not in how you find your yeah. Yeah, it's that's that's think about it la later on and uh Yeah, as a a one or a two ma uh at least. Yeah, it's good. No, I would have seen that one before. Oh, you skipped one uh Uh, here. Remote control will be bought by Yeah. Definitely. Well Uh, just in general. Yeah, a two. Yeah, but I think I think two. Uh, that is not the question. It's just w it will be bought by people under forty. Yeah, you can yeah, you can be very picky about it. Ah yeah, just make it we'll make it a two. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah, you have make an slogan is quite obvious. Oh the oh sorry, no, not not the slogan. Yeah, you can put that on the side if if we would like to. Yeah, and I will I th still think it's gonna be a two or a three. Maybe a three this time. And uh Uh, it's a one or a two. Yeah, make it a two. It's not that bad. Yeah, and that's mostly the inno when we uh score higher on innovative technology, we would score two, which is uh quite a great score. Okay. Uh, this is was uh the evaluation? Because I I still think that the most important part of this meeting still has Yeah. Still opened or uh Yeah. Okay, finance. Because um I received uh a spreadsheet. Yeah, but I uh actually don't need this presentation, I guess. Oh. I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together, because I didn't really fin uh I have a. Didn't really finish it. Well, we uh We'll see. We'll stumble upon some problems. I probably have already opened it here. try it again. First of all, the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list. But let's let's st start with beginning. We include one battery. I i uh I'll explain its Uh, the the components are listed over here. Uh, price is given. We um yeah, we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component, how much we need of them. And then uh, we'll uh calcula Don't watch the number yet. I don't know if it's filled in properly. Okay, we need one battery. One battery. I think one battery is enough. We don't need kinetic, solar cells, hand dynamo. A s okay, this this is a p first problem. Uh, I think we should know how many simple chips, regular chips Okay. But Where did we find this information? Was it I think it was uh your job in the first uh meet Uh, f your first presentation to make this clear, but then you had some t time problems. But do you th you do you know what chip we need? Maybe you can uh look it up right now. Okay, but okay. When we don't when we leave the uh retriever and such aside, what then it would be a simple chip. And with the retriever, it would be an advanced chip. Okay. Yeah, but it will it will it will be cause a lot of problems. The sample sensor sample speaker. What is it m is that the speaker we were t I don't know what it is. Okay, we went for the double-curved case made out of plastic and rubber. And with a special colour. I guess that's what we were Yeah, I don't know about the special colour, but I think w uh Yeah, I think we uh we have special colours. Okay, then the push-button, I was just counting them. Uh, I think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use, isn't it? Well that's bit of a problem, because I re but I really don't understand that, because I can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons, and it wouldn't be possible according to this uh sheet. Yeah. Ah. Yeah, it wouldn't Fill in the number of components you plan to use in the and the total cost I don't know. I And I count them like this. One two three uh four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve and thirteen. Because Oh, this is oh, this is one, okay. Twelve, okay, then it would be eighteen, because uh, I uh rated them as uh um as uh uh uh separate buttons. Yes. And plus these two, f uh plus the mute button, and it's will be uh eighteen. Yeah, I don't understand. Y I do I don't get the point, because it's would be s relatively so expensive, just these m small buttons. Well, okay, well well let's make it just one. Here, now it's now it's already s shall we just give our own interpretation to, because else we would really have a problem. It would be impossible to make it And and less buttons than this isn't possible. This is the most simple yeah, it is possible, but I've never seen one before. Yeah, without the numbers. That's possible. Yeah, we could skip the numbers. Then uh, teletext would also be im impossible. Okay, we'll we'll just okay. But then still, when we there's no room for a docking station or something. Tha w Le let's see th we have uh oh yeah, button supplements. We'll give the buttons special colour. We'll give them a special form. Uh, I think we should mark the special form thing, because it this will be some special forms incorporated in these big buttons, I guess. Because the buttons will be uh d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings. I think that's the what they mean by a special colour. I think all the special colour things have to be marked over here, because that's what we were planning to do, making it Yeah, special material r also, because i has rubber. And the buttons have to be rubber. 'Kay, but the problem now is that the There's no such thing as a docking station in this list, but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents. Separately. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but I do like the idea, but we yeah. It uh but it then the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore, but we can but then you still have to use we have to find out what chip we u need. I think we can agree on this. I I think the special colour thing has to be uh marked. 'Cause I think we uh Yeah, I think that's what what what they uh mean But can we find out uh about uh this chips? Because when we don't need a d a docking station, then probably we also have only we also need a simple chip. And maybe then we can do something extra. Oh, n uh oh, still oh, it's gonna get more expensive with. Two. Then we have some money left. We can put then We can put a scroll-wheel on it or something. Yeah, well who knows. Or a little bit of tin titanium. Yeah, or we can ki do the kinetic cells. That's also maybe an idea. Yeah that's what then what he has to find out. Maybe you can uh find it in your email right now, then we know then we exactly know what it will cost us. Maybe is that that's nice to know. Yeah, bu bu but when we yeah, but when we skip when we um when we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station, then we still yeah, we need something else maybe to make it kind of special, because that was our our special feature. Yeah, okay, you can also do that, but maybe It still is a special remote control cons uh you know, wi its form is special and material. Yeah, but for two Euros, then we have still maybe we have to use the advanced chip, then two Euros isn't even possible. Yeah, then because then we'd thirty cents left. Yeah, but yeah, I don't know, because maybe d uh yeah, we have to find out with the simple chip. Yeah, and w and and we uh need f and what is this? Sample sensor sample speaker. You can look at it for s presentation. S technical functions? Oh. Oh, oh oh. Hey. Oh. Mm. I don't think here it's in here already. It's nothing about s yeah. No. But i in the presentation of yours, there was also something about different components. Which one was it? Functional requirements? Ah. Ah yes, it was the second one. Yeah, it was your second your first presentation. Sorry? Uh, this is n this is not this n that's not the right one. I don't oh. No, this is the other one. Or maybe something is uh maybe there's something abo in in these Here. You know that a push-button requires a simple chip, but a scroll-wheel, it it me requires Okay, so we only need a simple chip. No no, that's just a simple chip. A scroll-wheel it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip, and that a display requires an advanced chip. So, we don't need any of them. And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker? Okay. Back to the costs. So we're gonna use the simple chip. Nah, there is some money left to be spent. Okay, but what we have to think about now is that is is it still a special remote control? But I mean it isn't it hasn't got any innovative technology, we aren't gonna apply any uh innovated innovative te technology anyway, I think. I don't I don't see any possibility to do so, because it would wouldn't fit our defi design philosophy. But what w is there some extra maybe I think maybe the kinetic thing is something. Instead of the rechargeable the rechargeable thing was something to um know, so y so people wouldn't have to worry about their batteries anymore. Maybe we if we put the kinetic thing in it Yeah, you leave the p yeah, I know, but still I they will think about that. I mean if you u The uh it's made for s people well, the they don't if it was uh uh r useless technology, they wouldn't put it uh as a possibility. And i it it th th the the target the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking. Because I think it when when there w was a remote control where it was useful to have a kinetic uh uh power source, then it would be this one. Because it's one it gets thrown around thrown around a lot and it gets used a lot Hey that maybe that's cool that's a cool thing about it, you know. You don't use batteries. I've never seen it before in a remote control. No, we we we can't make a docking station anyway. Yeah, we can als or uh also m we we can make one we can still make Yeah, but be serious, then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control. Yeah, but we uh we don't inc we haven't looked at the these costs of the speaker and other stuff. I don't think it's realistic for you to do so. Oh, because we We well look at all the special stuff we have. Colour a the colours are special, the form is special. It th this is whole concept. Uh maybe it with the kinetic thing, I think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing. Uh, no. Yeah, I don my suggestion is to just forget about the whole docking station thing and make it uh like a Uh uh I I I I still fee I also feel this concept of making it kinetic, because of the you know, it g it gives something dynamic to the remote control. No, that wouldn't n no. Yeah, and it is also not a good it's not you have to really do it only kinetic, you don't want it to think about batteries anymore. No no. Yeah, it's great. No no no. No no, this is very sophisticated technology technology. When you use it your remote like once a day, or maybe even less i i it It We can make it yeah no. Becau be but a remote control gets why do they state that this technology can be used if it Yeah, m but a w uh uh n uh a calculator also works on r on solar cells. Because I think the d whole dynamic part, do you know, appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy, you know, with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing, and y when you move it around a lot, then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and Yeah, but you don't have to. Trust me. The idea of this technology is that you don't think about it, it just happens. Okay, then we d Okay, well y we don't have to do it, but what that would just have a lack of key features, you know. You m have to put something on your box. You have to make people buy it and uh We can really can do the docking thing, uh it's not yeah, uh we can do it, but it's would be a easy way out. Okay, but we have to grou to agree upon something, because uh we only have a minute left or so. No no, it's not possible. Okay, w b we can s we can leave it on be well then then th it's this is then then our concept is ready. Yeah, we make some extra profit of it. Huh, any ideas? No no uh there's still there's still someth concept and something special left. I mean we're gonna it's gonna excel in in on in the the range in the field of design and and uh looks and feel. That's what it's makes it special. Yeah, and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as well, to give it some just to give it some extra special feature, and uh I know it will work, but uh it's it's an They're they're not putting technologies on this, but if it if it was impossible to to make it happen. Okay, well we leave it like this. Then it's c then we're yeah. Okay, project e uh well, we were gonna what look take a look at the last sheet. Yeah, we have to Yeah, it's Uh, I don't know.