Uh we don't have any changes, do we? So no. It's basically what we agreed upon, but just a little bit more specified. Uh s Final design. Basically in what we discussed, cover and buttons will be made of rubber, yellow colour, black components, as you can see right over here. We chose a different type of colour for the menu. A bit darker yellow so that it com really shows in this keypad. If you put them all black, it's not really that good a contrast. So Probab Yeah. That's the be And it I guess it's more easier to just paint it on the rubber than to uh So we have it's a bit round shaped, that's what we had uh We chose the buttons to be uh teletext, okay button, favourite channel and the mute. So that's basically what we chose there. If you have anything to add, please interrupt me. Oh. That's pretty much it. Oh sorry. I'd say that too. Uh we don't really have a extra function with the speech sample, which you can't do with a normal remote control, which people already do. So Well, I'd I tend to disagree with you on that, because the trend issue was a big issue when we started designing this. So can't we just basically extend it to thirteen? Okay. Yeah. We do. We could take out a curve indeed. I think the colour is more important than the really the curve, because if you just end up with an entirely black remote control So black and grey is okay. Which we can fabricate, okay. No, we basically We need to stick to that. But they don't Well And if we So which curve is that ba that's basically that curve. So we could u still have the comfort. I second that. No, that it would turn out to be a pretty straight-forward remote control. So that's not really that I would Yeah. I would say I would agree with you on the colour, because that's an extra option, an extra service we can deliver for a little bit of more money. So we can always do that. Which is basically what we discussed. Yes, we could have Well I hope it sells. Which are basically accessible through the menu button. Yeah. Which is not an option. To make it that way, yeah. Mm yeah. And it's pretty straight-forward, you have a navigation no keys to navigate through the L_C_D_ menus. So One I d no, actu No, it it is pretty straight-forward. Yeah. Yeah. Well, basically the menu options indeed. But No. Yeah. Yeah. Two or three. So You can seven. Or we could say it Or we could say neutral, we 'cause we scratched the C No, we don't have the colour. So I Yes, but the end product So Maybe we should go with a two then, because it's not perfect, because we can't do it initially, but we Yeah. Overall score. Ten, sixteen, divided by Is two two third. There's Yeah, if we make it into a four, as in neutral, because we didn't implement it, so we can't say that we that it's really not well implemented. We come out on a average of two one eighth. So which is pretty w good. It's at least on the positive side. So We could definitely have done better if we've had more resources, but Yeah. True. So did you Yeah. And we could share information which we received. Yeah. Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher, because The digital pen was definitely better to draw my ideas and to further elaborate on that. So Oh can you? Okay. Yeah, well it could also possibly be well, is it a more real-time information base, so we can all see which information is available to one another. Well, I personally did not have that, but That's probably your l description. But I also didn't not really. But still, you had that as well. Is that we finished up the design and then we checked the website, and then there was just extra information. There was a little delay in the bit of a c crucial delay. How much time do we have for this anyway? Yeah. Champagne. Product name. The bana 'cause it's not yellow anymore. Well, uh I was going for the R_C_ deluxe, but it's not really a catchy name or anything, it's more Something with our company name, can we do anything with that? Maybe there's something on the website which will help us out. The reaction deluxe. Is that a name or a c campaign? Yeah. Or the The real reactor. You should write it down as a an option. So that's one option. Should I write the banana down or Sure? Well I Uh do you mean it like You mean it like this? Dash C_? Like a C_ right now or a dash in a C_? Is it triple R_C_s? No. Well, that's another option. Okay, so which ones are we going to scratch definitely? I say this one as well. Triple R_? Triple R_ it is. Yeah, sure. I don't really know whether we can save it as a picture or no. Sure. Network places. I wouldn't pick that one, no. Sure. Oh. I see you later.