Uh Martijn. What? Uh Abbing. A_ B_ B_ I_ N_ G_. I was a little short on time, but What? Uh Just Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think the main thing is the usability, that's where we can uh make it a special product. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, but then you have to remember what favourite is what channel. So you might as well remember the number. Or not? Yeah, okay. But um how can you remember what uh channel uh connects to what favourite button? Yeah? Yeah okay. But uh uh for a user to to remember, if I press that button it goes to that channel. Yeah, but isn't it hard to remember? Like favourite one and Mm as as hard as No, neither do I. Yeah, I dunno. Uh uh the p uh next and previous. Previous I know, but next channel? I don't thi Li like a web browser, so Oh, okay. But uh um there's also a button to uh go to the channel you've been before. Like a web browser back button. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, w wouldn't it be a problem to uh Because you h have to be fast enough. Maybe the elderly people Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah, but that's th mm Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I think you ha really have to divide between functions you often use, like um uh m maybe uh switch channels and uh volume and k that kind of things, and uh the menu button. Because you n almost never use menu button. So Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, the working design. The method I used is uh search the web. Just the web page provided. Um Basically I'm I'm not very technical uh uh educated, but uh I could figure it out. Um basically what happens is you press a button, uh then a circuit gets closed by pressing the button, uh like a switch. And by closing that certain circuit, the chip knows uh what bu button is pressed. So like you press a one, that circuit is closed and uh Then the chip produces a pattern. Like a Morse code to uh And and sends that to the uh L_E_D_. That's the uh light emitting diode, I think. Um and the light emitting diode is uh producing infrared light. That's un uh invisible to the human eye. And uh transmit that uh to the T_V_. However it has also an uh a visible uh diode that's uh blinking red if you look in it. And that's uh another diode, I believe. Because infrared is not visible. So that's er uh do two different things but Yeah. I I think so. I I'm not sure if it's the same thing. Yeah. Yeah, when you press it. So Two? Yeah, I dunno. Ma on on most on most uh uh remote controls it's red. So So I know. I I think uh the batteries will be uh a little Yeah, okay. Uh maybe. Yeah. That it's working. That it's not not the batteries are low. Yeah, I know. Just to indicate it's working. And uh the receptor in the T_V_ senses the pattern. So we have to understand what patterns are used to, you know, to make it universal. So that it can be used with all the T_V_s. We have to really understand what patterns are used, so we can uh o On the Otherwise it won't work. No. I I uh The chip um uh is producing the pattern. So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to, y you know, to Yeah. That are working. Yeah, or I dunno how it's uh exactly how it works. It wasn't explained there. Yeah? Okay. Ah okay. Okay. Okay, yeah. So it uh We have to make a a s a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one. Because you have to Yeah. Uh okay. Well uh y you have this chip. That's uh when the circuit is closed, it produces the pattern. But uh ma basically for uh brands of T_V_ these patterns are different. So like when you press a one on one T_V_ it go go to one. And on the other T_V_ it won't work, basically. So uh basically what you have to do is uh get these patterns right. And uh by d uh that can be done by uh just uh cha yeah, changing this pattern all the time. And um What he's doing when he's configuring this pattern, this chip, uh is trying to switch off the television. And when it's uh switched off, you can push a button as uh it's working now, so And then he saves that setting and then um it's working. Okay. Well uh the components. Yeah, that's a bit technical, and I hadn't I w I was a little short on time. Um but I think I understand it. Um the energy source is uh the battery, basically. Um that's connecting to all the components. Because it has to be fed with energy. Okay. Uh the subcomponent is uh w I I think it is uh the button pressed. So basically when you press a button, a switch get closed. Um that's connecting to a chip. So the chip knows what button you pressed. And the chip sends out uh the pattern to the infrared bulb. I didn didn't put the description by this one. Th this is a normal bulb. So the normal flashing light. Yeah. Yeah, and this is a LED too. But this one is producing infrared light that's invisible. And this one is producing normal light. Yeah Yeah, presu Yeah yeah yeah. Because uh when you button press a button and it doesn't work, it can Basically if the battery is low, it won't work. So you have to indicate that it's Huh, that's a good idea. Hmm. Yeah, but mm like when you push it n n Yeah. You have your finger over the button. So you can see Yeah. Or or m maybe on top of the A green light is flashing or Yeah. There. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. We'll have enough power to Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. B maybe it's that that's a little too hard to make. Especially for that kind of money. Because it's i it has to be Yeah. Production cost is uh t uh twelve and a half. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah, the the personal preference, I didn't fill it out. Because I was short on time. But um Basically what we could do too is uh have a Bluetooth uh integration. Yeah? Okay. No, and I I think a lot of people use uh teletext, still use. Hmm. Oh. Mm. Yeah. That kinda changes the whole situation. Yeah. Mm ah I I don't y you'll use it often, because you can see on the television wh what channel you No. Yeah. I think you you have to make it a bit flashy and and popular. And uh then the usability is not that required, because the Like in the mobile phones, usability is not that good I think. I didn't read I didn't read any b Yeah. Yeah okay. I I know. Mm. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. But it has to work. And and and does it have to work only in English, or in Dutch too or And and uh w Yeah? Yeah, it's probably my job to figure that out, but And and do you have to speak in in like in a thing or Yeah, I dunno. Yeah, I think so. And and Yeah, and also if if you have a good speech uh speech recognition, you can just throw the uh the remote away. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Yeah, okay. But Hmm yeah, T_V_ one. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Mm, maybe it's a good idea. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah, but younger people I think um more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext. So uh Hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.