Good morning. Sorry? Yeah, busy job. Good morning. So Oh, good morning everyone. I'd uh like to welcome you to our first meeting. I've prepared a little presentation. My name is and uh I hope you will introduce yourself uh in a few minutes, as will I. Um I'm the Project Manager of this project, and uh, well I will tell you on what actually is the project. This is uh the agenda for our first meeting. Um this is the opening, then we will get I will hope we will get acquainted to each other. We'll do a little tool training with these two things. We'll take a look at the project plan. Uh there will be time for discussion. Actually we have to discuss because we have to create a product. And then we will close this session. Um but first of all we I'd like to uh introduce you to this room. Um as you probably have noticed there are little black uh fields on the table. Um you have to put your laptop exactly in that field so the little cameras can see your face. Um there are cameras everywhere around the room especially here for your face, of course, and this isn't a pie, it's a a set of microphones and there are microphones here also. But please uh don't be afraid of them. They won't hurt you. Um well uh I said I'm the Project Manager and uh I'm hoping uh for a good project and uh I'd like to hear uh who you are and what your functions are uh on this project. Let's start with the ladies. Okay, so I. Okay, well we have some expertise from uh different pieces of the of the company. That's good. Um well I said uh we're working on a project and the aim for the project is to to create a to design a new remote control which uh has to be original, trendy and of course, user friendly. And uh I hope we have the expertise to create such a project such a product. Um the way we hope to achieve that is uh the following methods. It consists of three phases, namely the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. As you can see, all of these phases consists of two parts, namely individual work part and a meeting where we will discuss uh our work so far. Okay. But first I will uh tell you something about the tools we have here. I already talked about the cameras and microphones, but they are not of uh much use to us. Uh we will have to take advantage of these two things. They are smart boards. As you can see, you can give a presentation on them. And uh this one here is a white board. I will uh instruct you about that soon. Um as you also noticed uh this presentation document is in our uh project folder and every document you put in this folder uh is uh it is possible to show that here in our meeting room. Um and yeah there are available on both smart boards but I think we will uh mainly use this one for the documents in the shared folder. As you can see, this is the same tool bar uh as is located here. Um the most functions uh we will use will be to to add a new page, um uh to go back and forward between pages, and of course uh to save it every now and then. Um and this is the pen with which you can draw on the board, for instance like this if everything's okay, but I first have to put it on the pen, you see I'm new to it too. Um and then you can write things like test or whatever you want. As you can see you have to move it a little bit slow, it's not such a fast board, it's a smart board but also a slow board. Uh but you can write things and of course you can also, when you click here, uh erase things, so we have uh est left. And um you can also delete an entire page, but we ask you not to do that. Just simply create a new one and uh start all over because we want to save all the results. Um does everyone understand this nice application? Well you can erase it with the eraser, but uh you shouldn't delete an entire page, but just create a new blank one. I will delete this one now because we don't use it yet. But you can of course erase when you make a mistake, but don't uh delete entire pages. And you can also um let's see I think it's here uh change the uh colour of your pen, for instance take a blue one and uh change the line width like to five. Um that's what you will need for our first exercise, because I'm uh going to ask you to draw your favourite animal. It's also to gets to know each other because um I'm asking three things, uh for that uh drawing, to do it on a blank sheet, with different colours and I just showed you how to pick a colour, and also with different pen widths which I also showed you. Um and a favourite characteristic can be just uh one word. Well I'm not very good at drawing, but I will uh go first and um try to draw Or maybe you should guess what I'm drawing, eh. Well it uh could be everything. Maybe when I put on this thing it could be a turtle, or a snail, and But a turtle has. And those are slow. And I hope our project group will not be slow, but we will uh work to a good result and do it uh as fast as we can. Okay, time for another animal. Would you like to go next? Mm-hmm. Okay. Could you write the words, uh underneath it? Or more words. Little rabbits. Okay, thank you. And our final drawing. Mm-hmm. Okay, well thank you very much. I can see we have some uh drawing talent uh in this group, huh? Well, nice animals, nice words. Sounds good. Um back to business, back to the money part. Um from the finance department I have learned that we are aiming for a selling price of twenty five Euros. And we're hoping for a aim of fifty million Euros and uh we are hoping to achieve that uh by aiming for an international market. And the production cost will be twelve Euro fifty max. Okay, well it's time uh for some discussion. I've wrote down some examples here of what we can can speak about. Uh what's your experience with remote controls, um what kind of ideas do you have to design a new remote control, maybe for which market segments should we aim, or should we aim for all segments. Uh well actually I'd like to hand the word uh back to you. What's your experience with remote control? Mm-hmm. Boring, it's not fun to use a remote. Mm-hmm. Well maybe we should try to make it fun. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So maybe a a minimalist design, the least uh possible amount uh of buttons. Mm-hmm. So you don't want to bother people with uh loads of buttons, but on the other hand they need many buttons so they don't have to get out of their seat. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, well any more ideas? No? Okay, yeah well we have some time. Let's see what more I have to tell you. I don't think there is much left. Nope. We're starting to close. Um our next meeting uh will start well we're a little bit early, but our next meeting will start in in thirty minutes. In the meantime uh there's time for some uh individual actions. Um, as you can see, the different roles have uh different tasks. And there's a ping. Is it my laptop? Yep. Ah well that's good, five minutes and uh the meeting's over, uh right on schedule. Um the Marketing Expert will uh will take a look at the user requirement specification. The User Interface Designer will work out the technical functions design. And this was the Interface Designer? Or the Interaction Designer. Or what was it, I_D_? Interface Designer, okay, first guess was right. Uh will take a look at the the working design. Industrial Designer, okay, sorry. Let's just use the acronyms. Um and of course specific instructions uh will be sent to you uh through your personal coach. Uh well those instructions will be uh in the email you will receive uh shortly, I hope. And of course you have your own uh expertise. Well uh that was what I had to say. Uh are there any more questions? No? Okay well I think then we have to head uh back to our offices and uh start working. Okay, one question? Okay we're still going. Okay, well I expect everything will be much clearer with the instructions we will receive uh shortly. Okay well uh see you all in about thirty minutes, then. Thank you very much.