Hello hello Mister P_M_. Well, that's where the thinking goes on. I think you should punish him. You're the P_M_. Possibilities, yeah? Yes. So Not at all. Okay. Just press the okay button, it works. How surprising. Oh wait uh wait up. Uh so do you think um when fruit and vegetables are important for clothing and shoes that they are in remote controls also? Not something dull. Okay. But can you can you go back to that slide? The uh just one slide back, no no no. Yes. Okay, and the feel of the material has to be spongy. Has it something to do with that uh natural feeling also, do you think? Okay. It's quite interesting. Yes. I don't know the phone, but I can imagine it. Oh, that one, yes. Now I kn uh oh, I know, I know. Yes, I I've seen it. I've seen it. So So ease of use is important, but technology is twice as important. And what was even more important? Okay. So that's the most important thing for our customers. Mm-hmm. But it's it's kind of uh it's kind of o organic, so that's very good. Yes. Slippery. You have to grab it. Yes. There are there are also remote controls who have uh a little shape underneath where you can put your fingers in, so you can get a really good grip on it. So you you don't have to um attain much pressure to it. It's it's a lot easier. So m Yes. But I'll I'll go into that deeper in my presentation. Okay, but I'll I'll go into that, because there are are some possibilities and some impossibilities. Um I had a talk with uh our manufacturing uh division, and uh we had a talk about all the different components um who are in this design. Uh these are the things we've looked at. And of course I used the web to uh find my information. About the casing, we have three different casing possibilities. We have the uncurved or flat case. Uh that's the most common uh remote con control form uh we're used to is just a it ju it's just a box. I'm sorry I I don't have any pictures of uh of this thing. We have uh a curved one. It's uh curved in two dimensions. You have to imagine it's a bit like a wave form. So it's uh a little more advanced in its in its shape. Uh and we have an even more advanced uh shape, which is curved in three dimension. I c I think you can compare it a little bit with the uh big grey image uh you had in your presentation. The the big remote control, something like that. But it's quite uh advanced and it's it's quite daring to to use I think. Um for these casings we have uh different types of finishing. We can use plastic, which is uh very slippery and maybe not so nice, but you can give it any colour, uh which is the same for rubber, but it's not slippery. We can use wood and titanium. Well, um we cannot use the titanium on the double curve cases. And these latex cases, there's there's just the plastic ones uh won't allow the use of solar cells as an energy source source. Which brings me to the different energy sources. Um well, we even seem to have uh hand dyn dynamos for uh powering our uh remote controls. You really have to imagine like winding up your uh I d It would be very new, but it's a kind of a retro uh style, I think. Uh Well, this is quite interesting. Uh there's there's also a kinetic energy supply. So um when you're watching T_V_ uh or when you're you you have to um make some kind of energy kinetic energy by shaking the remote or throwing it against the wall, whatever you wish. It have it it has to move, that's the the sense of it. And you can store the energy in the in the thing. Mm-hmm. It's very funny indeed. Mm-hmm. Indeed. Mm-hmm. Yes. But you know you know from your own watch your watch uses uh a minimal con it consumes a minimal amount of energy. the the shaking of your body, which is almost uh every activity makes your uh body shake, uh it charges it. But uh the problem here is that it it supplies a a very little amount of kinetic energy. So I think uh you have a problem when you're watching a movie and uh you haven't moved the remote uh i remote control in a in an amount of time, and you want t to switch uh the channel or something, well, m it might not work. So that's something you have to keep in mind. So, but maybe maybe there's a possibility com to combine it with m uh traditional batteries, so we can save on the batteries and um when there's enough kinet kinetic energy, use the kinetic energy, and otherwise use the batteries. Uh yes, it does. I'll come to that later. And we of course have the traditional uh solar power, which is just uh uh uh uh uh a piece of material on the remote control which transfers light energy into electricity. The user interface controls, um of course we have the push-buttons and uh we also have scroll-wheels. And these scroll-wheels can also be integrated with buttons. So it's just like a mouse. You can scroll 'em, you can also push it. Um uh in the indicators we have the L_C_D_ displays, which means uh you can watch uh in a display w which channel you have chosen or something like that of the li amount of volume which is uh currently uh and we also have double scroll-buttons, which are just two of these things. So we don't really have the the kind of button we had in mind in our uh uh in our last meeting, the the thing with the the round with the four Yes. That is possible too. Yes. Mm-hmm. Well, mayb uh well, m me neither. Maybe when you integrate some functions. Uh it's do it's done before. Yes. It's quite quite good, yes. Well, it's it well, i what he means is there's an button integrated in the scroll-wheel. There's no scenario where you use uh the button in the scroll-wheel. You just use the wheel. About mute. Well, yes. Okay. Yes. Well, okay. Well, that that that's one possibility, okay. Well, okay. It's quite goods. Mm-hmm. Yes. Hmm. But it's done before, uh there are many other devices um like uh telephones and our uh radio, pocket radios. We use this. And Well, it's it's been done years ago and I don't see it anywhere now. So maybe it's not no. Hmm. Yes, but it uses two separate buttons. It doesn't use a. Well. Uh something for uh Roo here. Wi within reach. Yes, you have to. Yes. yes. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay, um we have to know, if you want to use uh these rubber double-curved c uh case, um you must use these push uh push-buttons. There's no way you can integrate L_C_D_ displays. There's no way you can integrate scroll-wheels, because it's all curved. There's there are no uh flat areas where you can incorporate these things. So that's a limitation. About um the components, uh just the hardware. We basically have uh three types of chips we can use and uh these chips incorporate all the Logica and um um uh hardware that is needed to send uh to send a signal. Uh we have a simple, regular and advanced chip. And there is something like a sample sensor and sample speaker, which is a little cryptic uh to me. But I think that's the the voice recognition thing that we are uh thinking about. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. So so okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay, so that's basically the the voice recognition item we were searching for. Okay. This sample sensor uh requires an regular chip, I thought. Um no op I'm not very sure. No, it's not in here. If we want to use the L_C_D_ display, we really need the advanced version, which is a bit l little bit more costly. If we want to use the scroll-wheels we need the regular version. And if we don't want to use uh any of these uh more advanced functions we can keep with the simple uh chip, which is a bit cheaper. Okay. Um no, but I think that's something for uh Roo here to think about. I I don't think either. No. I don't think you need it. Okay. Okay, well my conclusion, um unfortunately the market has decided the a little uh other than I thought. I thought um the market would like uh a sort m sort of titanium casing, but they seem to like natural uh stuff. So maybe we should think about uh wood finish. Um I've chosen the more battery with solar cell uh solution for the energy. It's more reliable, it's cheaper. So I don't think we should use the dynamo thing. The kinetic thing it it's it's a possibility. It's it's more advanced, but I'm I think you should combine it with batteries. Otherwise it will not too advanced, uh well. It's in in in some way it can give us an advance, because you will save on your batteries. But Yes. And I think it's more robust. It's more uh Uh it's more functional. The titanium thing uh we have to skip it. So I think we should skip the titanium uh stuff, and we should uh use wood or something like that. Oh okay, sorry. So it it needs to be rubber. Okay. Okay, spongy materials. Okay, um well um these scroll-wheels, I think uh they they can be they can be handy. So Yes, they can. But they really need the regular chip, you cannot use the sa simple Well, I'm not very sure. Maybe that's an uh a different I think so, if you if you stick with the the simple uh straight-forward uh not curve design, i uh it's too dull. I don't think c our customers will like it. And um if you uh take the double-curved, uh then you cannot um you can only use the rubber buttons and you cannot use the scroll-wheels. So I think this is the best of two worlds. Yes. It's it's uh I uh I can imagine it's very dull to talk to a device w if you have to point to another device. It's very unlogical. Well the there has to be some pointing at. But All lights get absorbed, yeah. Yes, because the walls they they reflect the infrared light. So it has an it's easier. Um I suggest we use the the sensor sample. Uh the sample sensor and sample speaker. Um with a with a regular chip. I think uh it gives us the advantage of Yes, yes. And uh skip and skip the L_C_D_ part. I don't think it it's any uh value added thing. So Okay. Technology. Yes. It's not very flashy and new. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Uh I think our customers will go insane. It's it's too much. Okay. Uh the n the next phase will be um the um not the what is the next phase f Flores? Okay. So i Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Yes, they can work. They cannot work with double-curved. That's that's problem. I'll check it for you. Yes. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. So you will be on the Bahamas. Uh Okay. So can you uh give us a summary of all uh decisions we've made? I'll do. Okay. W start with the casing. Okay, single-curved case. Okay. What about the energy source? I I think they can. Yes. Well, uh It it should be. There should be really no problem. They can be supplementary. That's no problem. So So uh uh just uh the energy source is um the batteries and the solar. Okay. What about uh the finishing of the case? We have decided we wanted to use the rubber? Okay, and I think we should use the company colours. Something like black and red. uh black and yellow. Grey yellow, okay. Oh, I think it's uh it's not very dull. It's quite modern actually. Don't you think? Hmm. Okay. Okay, but uh I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on uh the device. Because uh I agree it would be nice to have have something like that on the device itself. But Oh, I've read. Yes. Yes, but our manufacturing department is not so advanced in its uh techniques. They're actually very slow in its techniques. So So I'm afraid it's not possible. Okay, so scroll-wheel. But there will be some additional buttons, I guess. And th the they should be spongy also, because they're they're rubber too. Well uh you can use well, when you use the buttons, they'll they'll be made of rubber too. So it has th the spongy uh feel also. So I I think that's okay. Yes. That's okay. Yes, the signs. Uh I see what you mean. Well, maybe that's possible, because um uh our manufacturing division also offers plastic finishing. So maybe they can combine these two. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, I'm I'm not so sure, I think it c should be Well, I'm not sure, I have to ask with manufacturing, but I'm I'm not sure that's what you want, because our customers specifically ask for the spongy feel, and that's what you get with rubber. So if you want the spongy feel, you need uh to make these buttons all all of rubber. I think both. I do. I think Okay. Um not quite. Um what about uh the chips? We use the regular chip? Okay. And Well no, I think that's about it. Yes. The only difference between the advanced and the regular version is that the advanced uh version of the chip supports L_C_D_. That's all. And we've decided not to use L_C_D_. So Okay. Okay. I'll put it online.