Okay, all set? Welcome to the conceptual design meeting. The agenda. The opening. I'll again be the secretary and make minutes, take minutes, uh and it will be three presentations, just like the last meeting. So um, who wants to start off? Technical uh designer again? Okay. Uh, yeah. Uh, before we begin it, I want to say I've I've put the minutes of the uh second meeting in the shared folder, but they're still not uh quite okay. It uh it uh still some technical difficulties so the the first part of the minutes are very hard to read, because there are two documents that uh were layered over each other. So But uh, from now on I won't use my pen anymore, so will be p just ordinary keyboard. I think it will will be more uh easy for you to read the minutes. Twelve and a half. Actually What are those, t tooth uh brushes, or so But it's actually kind of uh well, it resembles the design I had in mind for this proj You know the the cartoonish Alessi kind of design. And we can we can steal their ideas. Huh. Well, it's a possibility, too. Uh-uh. Okay. Next time we're here. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, we decided upon that in the last meeting. Didn't we? Oh, okay. Well, tha I didn't receive any new requirements or somethi Just no, but we decided to use only b basic functions only. Okay. Well we maybe we can think of that later. W just these are the ones you already summed up in the Okay. Yeah. That might get redundant also maybe. I don't know what kind of information it would Yeah. Yeah, it's okay. Okay. That's not It was not a good idea. Okay. No. No. But you do mention the next and previous uh button. Oh, okay, o okay okay. Huh. Mm-hmm. Well, w when we only use basic functions, we have the possibility to make the buttons larger. Well, I think we already agreed upon the fact that the the the skip buttons and the cha and the volume buttons, th th those two have yeah, they have to be large. Uh, I mean th th the the two two basic buttons, you know, the to skip channels and to uh I think yeah, I don't know why, but I think that is that's t trendy too, because that's the mo it it you know, it's uh acc acc um accentu uh, how do you say it? It puts an extra accent on the the on the simplicity of our remotes to j to make these two most basic functions extra big, like t Yeah. And you want to acc accentuate that, you know. So Okay. No uh, that's coo it's cool. Well maybe c then we have to do something with Sponge Bob then. It doesn't stroke with the with the dark colours. Not the dark colours? Okay. Okay. For diversity or something. Uh No, but I I I think that uh our design already resembles so a piece of fruit. It's like a pear or something. No, I don't think you have to do it like Yeah, but it that doesn't have to remind you, you know, like explicitly of s our f of a of a specific piece of fruit, but just, you know, like the the the the round curves. And so y I I think this y it already sem resembles uh something like a pear to me or something. Yeah. You do get the idea, eh? The fruity kind of round 'Kay. Yeah, uh yeah, I don't know. Uh, this is a b yeah. Yeah, yeah. Of course we have uh we have a very big uh the s Of d design team, yeah. Yeah, but It's pear, I guess. No. No, but I think it's it's already what we were were up to. Uh, it's it doesn't have to resemble uh what I already said, a specific piece of fruit, but just, you know, like a fruity thing going on. And it's it looks fruity to me. And uh, but I do like the yeah, I do like uh the f uh to the idea of making a a y uh, a catchy colour design and a d because I do I think a dark colour would be nice too. Maybe it's too much, you know. Okay, but what are the This is yellow. But I don't think our our company colours are this fashionable. Yeah, on uh n uh on the bottom of the remote you can do Okay. Okay, you can you open the conceptual design presentation? See what was on the agenda. This is his own remote. Because um, maybe we can start with the technical uh functions, but I don't think it's there uh, yeah um, do we want to um use an L_C_D_ display, for example? Me neither. Yeah, but it's so I don't think we should do it. Yeah, but no. I do I think it's a bit redundant, actually. And it's also not I don't th even think it it looks s like sexy or something, it's But you're already watching the T_V_, you're not gonna watch your remote control. I really understand you want to make your job more exciting by putting an L_C_D_ in it, but I I really don't think it's a good n goo because it also doesn't stroke with we wanted uh c When we talk about the materials, uh it's a good idea to use these plastic materials with soft rubber stuff on it. It was our idea, you know, to give it a more sturdy look and that you ca like you can throw with it. But I don't think a L_C_D_ display fits in that image. You know, it's like more vulnerable, and it adds nothing really, you know. Yeah, yeah. You could make it, but it's just it it doesn't I don't think it it's coherent with the design we're after. But that's my opinion. Well, you you y Okay, we can vote for it. You want the L_C_D_ display. I don't want to and he doesn't, so it's up to him. If we wanna And I've read somewhere that I've got some kind of veto veto uh rights. So I can also say But did we skip the Yeah, you could do m but what what i so what i but do you think we should We're not even sure what what information we want to display on it. So Nah, that's not gonna work. Yeah. Oh, well uh I've seen it done before. Do you know th like the the bigger rem uh universal remotes, they have d L_C_D_ displays, but then it's very functional to indicate which what uh uh device you are controlling. So it's that that's what I've seen. But it just it j it doesn't doesn't match with the our whole basic concept. Well yeah, yeah, okay. That's maybe not the most important, but it's just I don't think so. Yeah, well do you ha do you have to You haven't looked after the trendiness of L_C_D_ displays, have you? Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, but we're gonna if it Then uh then you better don't yeah, d Uh uh I really don't feel the whole idea of an L_C_D_ display. I'm sorry. It can't co you cannot convince me. I don't know how well how to with you guys, but I don't really feel it. We already we're uh Yeah, we already have the the th th th base station gadgets, and want and it uh uh, do it has to be a simple design, which sturdy, which soft I don't think I j uh, and really, I don't see how the the L_C_D_ display is gonna add anything, you know, on a design level. Uh, I think it's slicker to have no L_ CEDs. Y we want to it's simplicity, w you have two big buttons and you can do whatever you want with these two buttons, so you don't need an L_C_D_. It doesn't fit in our philosophy uh behind the whole remote. Yeah, but we already have the docking station, which is It has to be developed, but no, but it that's that's our that's our killer feature. That's our what makes it special. Yeah, we're gonna develop our own r n docking station. Uh, but re we really have to cut this off, I re I know you I I I I I get the idea you really like it, you know, the the L_C_D_ thing, but I I think it's it's not a good idea, and we have already mentioned all the arguments. I don't uh, do you guys agre How do you guys think? I d Okay, we s skip the L_C_D_ display. I'm sorry, maybe you can do something if we are at your own place, or make it make it make it happen in your basement or something. But Probably so. Okay. But for the technical part. The m material, I think uh it was a good idea to use the plastic and uh the rubber. Uh Yeah yeah yeah, p Exactly. This is what it w Yeah, but it it was already what we're uh we're after, you know, to give it uh, you know, the soft touch in your hands and also to, know, like Yeah, that is y the b airbag kind of thing. You can st throw it at your little brother's head. Yeah. No no no, not that comfy. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's a that's a good point. And that's why I like the dark t col dark colour bit, you know, because it may be the design uh, it's uh maybe it is a bit of the it's a bit nineties maybe, what we're what we're up to rat fun to this point. Yeah, that's that's true, but but it has to be a little big solid. It mustn't be too, n you know, th too overwhelming, then when you put it on your just Yeah. Yeah, maybe so. No, uh I don't like the yellow and black combination. But it is our company colours. Apparently. I don't like yellow, and uh maybe I don't know. But Okay, but what uh, what are other tef technical things we have to discuss? Should we do that? I don't think you we should do that. Maybe just bring it out in different colours, but not af that you can switch fronts afterwards, that's also too much. People don't wanna spend more money on their remote control, I guess. Yeah, yeah. But uh, without gon uh okay. So, are we through the technical part then? Okay. So we uh agreed upon uh n uh well, not u unanimously or how you call it, but Yeah. The materials you uh mentioned in your your personal preferences were all were quite okay. O o only only the last point your no titanium's not not out of question, I guess. But is it possible to use both the the plastic and so uh soft things and t p titanium, as well? Makes it in a homogeneous uh design. It will it will break other stuff w when it's plastic, as well. Yeah. No, but uh uh, you should ma Yeah. Okay, think of the possibilities and make it in completely titanium. Well would it be more trendy? More chic? Yeah, but I I really like the idea of the the the plastic and the big kind of thing. But the question is i then it's, you know, is is it fits in our s philosophy to make it uh sturdy and simple and uh, know, like uh When you make it titanium, it becomes more like some kind of gadget you actually don't need. And when it's big and plastic, it's like some fun stuff you can always have around. It's always fun to have something big and plastic around. Yeah, that's beautiful. Oh, maybe th maybe this is an No, I do like the idea of maybe a t titanium kind type of body w and then with s plastic colouration around it. You know, like the the soft stuff, but I don't know if it's possible. But you can't make the plastic give uh the ti titanium look. But make it just like shiny. Maybe we should uh shou And uh and maybe we sh should we t I don't know if we should talk about uh, how how much time have we got left? Forty minutes. Okay. You putting in different colours. Okay. Okay. Yeah, but w yeah. Well, it is. It's a possibility. But, let's think about the bas Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. But wha th our basic idea y I mean, you gonna we're probably gonna have like two type of materials, like the d d b the plastic uh enclosure and then the the pads that surround it. And and pro and lights. We have to incorporate the lights too. But, uh do w gonna gonna are we going to give it a two-tone colour look, like the the plastic mould is in in one colour and the s the cushion pads around it are in another colour? Is that the idea? Is that a good idea? How many colours are we how many colours are we gonna we're uh uh f uh f Only five minutes left, by the way. How many colours are we gonna give it? Like two-tone colour? T I think maybe the case itself should be in one colour and then the rubber of the buttons, and the cushions as well should be in another colour. Okay, but not more than Well, yeah, it's No. Maybe we should talk about it on a l in a later meeting. Okay. But we have to uh think of some other uh important things. Uh oh yeah, the the functionalities of the the buttons. No. I think this is okay, the so we have the basic. Then we have the numbers. We have the power button. We have we have a teletext button. And maybe want to access a a menu or something. Most T_V_s have a menu. Yeah, but I think you ha I really need a menu button. That's just i the only button only You know, I No, I think most T_V_s have an uh a menu nowadays to access the uh uh screen settings. And so But that that covers all the all the other settings. It covers everything then. No, you can use the And you al can also use the normal skip buttons for that. Th in that way we have like only the numbers, the power button, skip and volume, and then uh uh ten uh rem uh yeah, mute. A teletext and a menu, and then then i that's it. It's all we need. Okay, uh another stuf some stuff about the the the design of the docking station. Something important about a s uh, no, uh which sh uh should remind us of the remote itself, I guess. Uh, in one colour. Just use I think the spongy thing already um comes forward in the in the in the cushions, pads and things on the s uh side. And we will make it spongy and and uh and uh well, the fruity thing is just the shape should be fru i did I think this is kind of fruity, you know. Just round shapes with uh Yeah, but we're gonna have to we really have to think I think colours is very important, because it has to be flashy, but and but it d it doesn't have to be annoying, that when you uh, know, some things is just over the top, and when you have it on your table for more than two weeks, you it just gets annoying, because it's so big and flashy. Uh, it has to be some level of subtlety, but we have to still have to think of how we manage to uh to get to that. Okay. Guess we're through then. But we I think also we just so we have to do something with colour but also, I I think we have to keep the dark colour thing in mind. I think that's uh adds to the too much colour maybe m um But our des design experts will uh work that out. Okay, well I think the meeting will be over within a minute. So we will wrap up. Or is there anything we'd like to discuss? That's right. Okay. Okay. Well, you will read the minutes uh in the you can find them in the pro probably. Yeah uh no, for su for sure because I'm will now type them out. Uh, y yeah. I think uh But toilet paper roll and uh Okay. Yep. I was waiting for the l last message, but Mm yeah.