Hi. I see my bunny is still standing. No one drawing it. Uh I figured uh that much. When you mentioned uh improving functions, what uh what do you mean by that what what are you think about? Uh, the funtionability. Ah okay, so focusing more on the used buttons. Yeah. Could you use perhaps uh one button for multiple functions, like example pressing it in longer makes it switch to an different function for example. Thank you. Yeah, ma perhaps, just just an idea. Yeah. Uh yeah yeah, I'll go, sure. Right uh, I'll be uh explaining a bit about uh working design about uh the project. Well uh what I did was I dissected uh uh current remote controls and um I viewed how how they w looked, how they worked, uh what kind of components are involved, and how they are connected together. And uh after that I put up a scheme about how uh these things are organised and I'll show it to you in in a in a few seconds. And I'll explain a bit about uh how it works and how we could uh build one and why I think several possibilities uh that we discussed in the earlier meeting falls off. Um right. Uh well what I did was uh I I checked uh remote controls and the uh remote controls of today are all infrared, not like all probably know. And the thing about that is um the remote controls uh have to act as a T_V_ or uh a stereo or something, and those uh have a transmitter that's also focused on infrared, so if we want to uh build uh mm a remote control uh with Bluetooth for instance then uh the T_V_ should have Bluetooth too in order to communicate, so that would mean extra cost for the user and thus uh that's that wouldn't mean a a cheap uh remote control for us. So that's probably why most controls are still infrared. Furthermore they all have uh a a very simple structure, so that would probably uh mean lower costs and uh i that could mean for us a good thing uh 'cause uh well we we should be able to build a relatively cheap uh a cheap uh remote. Well uh as I mentioned ready, we have some Bluetooth Well it may be possible, but uh I figured it wouldn't be possible in within our budget, but that's not for me to decide, but that's maybe something for marketing to look into. F because uh well my personal opinion is uh is not to do uh Bluetooth or or radio waves, although Yeah, actually I have t Yeah. Yeah, I actually I figured that would be that would be rather nice, but then you'd still have the uh the infrared function. So in in theory you'd actually just move the problem, but uh what I did uh think about was when you mentioned about the uh the cup-holder, is why not uh introduce a speech function like where is the remote. If somebody says, where is the remote, then it goes uh beep uh beep beep beep or something, I dunno, maybe uh maybe something to look into, I dunno uh what the cost that something like that would be. But it may be uh may be something to explore. Uh I'll I'll just explain a bit of the components. Uh first you have the energy source. The energy source would be a battery, simple uh battery uh that you can find anywhere. I figured that would be best, 'cause when the battery uh stops functioning uh we could just uh use you could just go out and buy a new one. So we didn't and we don't have to do all uh to be too complicated about that. Uh the energy source is connected to the infrared button, but uh the infrared button uh works only via the chip and the subcomponent to uh the switch there is a switch uh between these. When the switch is pressed in a w on this this case it switches a button, when a button is prush pushed in, uh a electric current goes through here, and in uh immediately, a l a bulb lights up uh displaying to the user that something has happened. That's uh that's so the h user won't be um thinking, well uh did the button be pressed, w what happened uh. Or I press button but nothing's happening on the T_V_, so is is something wrong or something. So that's just to uh to to explain the of to to uh make it clearer to the user. Uh w well the signal goes via chip that's translated into uh electric sig uh electronic signals and then it's processed and then it's sent to the infrared bulb where it will be uh uh received on the receiving end. And those uh interpreted by the device, well in this case the television. Uh well my personal preferences here, well we have to keep it simple. Not too many uh gadgets and functions, just like you said uh well the most users n uh you have a lot of buttons and you u u use you don't use them, so why why should we invent uh w spend more time on those. Uh I I think we should stick by with infrared transmitting and uh no receiving. So uh no input from the television. So I think we shouldn't be uh spending time on um teletext and st things like that, because when you uh want teletext on uh infrared you'd have to build in a receiver too, and so in order to receive the signals from uh what's on T_V_ and such. So I figure that would be uh spending too much money and time and Yes, but what should we uh s I I I f I agree with you, but should we spend money or and time on building a receiver into the uh remote control? 'Cause that would be I mean extra components, extra designs, um larger g uh remote control. These all uh all stuff that we have to take in account. So I I my personal opinion is no no no receiver at all. Um, well we should uh look into the design and the functionability. Like I said, uh use one button for instance for m multiple functions, or well uh just hide the few buttons o of switching it open or something, the usual uh stuff. And uh don't overbuild, we shouldn't make a big uh remote control for simple functions, but we we should stick to the basics. So that was my uh my personal opinion. And that was my uh my presentation uh Yeah, but Yeah. Yeah, but Yeah, but Well you d you have to keep in mind that uh several T_V_s uh don't even have a menu structure, or they have a very simple menu structure, so you have to keep in mind that not all uh d not our remote won't be able to work on all televisions. And that would be uh a considerable problem. Yeah. Not embed Yeah, but then with something like a touch screen could could make more menu up pop up or something. Yeah. Yeah. The extra functions. Yeah. Wouldn't it be better to make just one big touch screen, uh one one small uh touch screen uh applet and uh I'll just make um uh let's say fifteen buttons on it, and uh we have three of those, uh actually just uh menus with sub-menus, with or sub-items, sub-functions. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, like like the iPod idea that that we just saw. You just have a f a few selected buttons and uh a few menus, and with this idea you could actually make uh several you can also improve uh later on. Uh uh I think that will be great. Yeah, I wou I would actually go for the Yeah. That is possible, that well that actually depends on the television, but I think I figure that would be Well, y you s you see the fi uh thing is when you buy a remote, you you set the uh channels, the the channels are different on each te television, they aren't set in a preset order, so uh if you uh lock on a remote, uh let's say channel fifteen, well channel fifteen on this television is different than channel fifteen on the other television, so that would be uh that would be actually the main concern. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that would b Yeah, that. Uh. I I do Uh I do agree, because well, it's just not the same when you touch a touch screen or when you touch a button, but well we have to look at what's our target uh audience. W we are aiming for younger people and they they chose So that's that's probably uh a But they Well they uh they all have to be programmed to fit your T_V_ and that that is bit of a tricky job. I actually use one of those when They are they are kinda kinda troublesome, but but the thing is whe when you uh start uh building something like this you have to build a receiver into the uh t into the remotes, because uh in order for the remote to process something from the T_V_, like uh to synchronise and you have to send and receive, and that's well Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Oh, okay, yeah, sure, uh Yeah yeah yeah. Oh, yeah yeah, sure, that would be possible, yeah. Profiles. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that would be possible. Yeah, sure. No, that wouldn't be uh Yeah, a few variables. Yeah. Ah it is. It is definitely po Yeah, firmware upgrade. That's maybe the cup holder. Yeah. Well, not everybody has uh has uh a P_C_ at home. Well the most most people have, but not not everybody and Yeah. Yeah, maybe something like service cen Or you could well you could s actually look at the place-holder you talked about earlier, and you could probably uh make a connection to uh an telephone line or a internet connection. Yeah. Well then then it's be uh back to the building a receiving uh well uh if it's actually worth it to build it in, we could actually look at into it, but I dunno, it it would be uh bringing more costs uh with with it and Yeah, that would be probably best, yeah. Like when you when you buy a T_V_ you just ask well I'll Yeah. Yeah, that would be best, yeah. No no. Exactly, so Yeah, my vote goes out to the right. Flips open. Export. Maybe not export function. G_ yeah, J_ PEG. N oh. To room. I'll just uh saved in my documents. Yeah in my own uh in my own messenger. Yeah. Okay, nice. Aye, cheers.