Yes. 'Kay, we've made a prototype. Um, we've got uh uh our aspects from the last meeting. Uh, especially we looked at the form, material and the colour. Um, we've uh drawn here the p prototype. The logo is uh is uh is pretty uh obvious to see on the on the remote control, but it is necessary when you want to build your uh company f to a level higher. Um, our interface elements, there are shown in the in the drawing. Maybe you can uh point them uh The functions. But uh that It's uh here then, in the middle. Yes, um we've disc Most of the users Yes, y there there will be a p a little a little P_ on that and a little uh yeah. Yes. It's a television. Yes. Yes, yes, you have you have a lot of standard buttons that has to be uh on it, uh th with the one and a double uh uh yes. Yes, you have televisions, then you have to, you know, you have to uh press Yes, but but a lot uh Yes, but some televisions don't accept uh that that No, no, but s Yes, but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button, uh then you go to a a next level, you can push two buttons. You want Yes, but some television don't support it. No, a remote can Yes, so they need no, they need No, but uh Yeah, it And the button for the SCART uh audio video uh external input. No, no. Uh, remote control sends one signal at one button uh press. Uh, some N some televisions when when you want to go further than uh ten No, you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals. When you uh press one button, you give one signal. And the older televisions need more signals to go a level higher. But When you make the technology that that it will uh give more signals, it could work, but Just a basic idea of of of the most uh most y most common uh and simple uh operations on the remote. Yes. It's here on the We came uh Yes. But maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell, because Real Real Reaction sells more products than only remote controls. So maybe we can uh use the docking station, for example, uh M_P_ three players or or uh uh hearing devices. Yes, but when you put that same volt voltages on it, you can put uh when the when the when uh o the the the lowest part of it, when it's o the same as the other products, you can put it all on the same uh Yes, but we can make No, we can make uh make the most lowest part all the same. When when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out, we can place all on top of it. Just have to be big enough for the biggest No, when you make it large enough no it it will not. But then it's a little bit But it's just an idea. But it's flat it's flat as as this, so we can p make all the products as flat as this. Yes, but when you make uh uh a bit of big Yes, little holer littler Uh, little products go deeper in it. Yes. And uh uh the f the look and feel would be great on this uh remote control, because uh you always uh will uh pick up the remote control in the in the smallest uh area. Then your uh left thumb of uh your right thumb is uh near the programme uh button, which is the most common used uh function, and all the other buttons are available for your uh thumb. So it's it's it's really good design. Yes, uh on the side uh there will be a strip of rubber, and in the middle uh there is uh a hard uh a hard material, a bit hard plastic with a light uh behind it. Yes, we can make also n neon lights on it, or or the buttons that can make uh light on it. Yes. But, it will also uh uh use batteries, and do we want to The all the aspects of the interface buttons were uh Yes. Yes. Yes, maybe we can use on the on the lights on the side we can use uh uh multiple uh lights, so it will uh Yes. No. Yeah. I think I think the the fronts will give it a more uh uh uh less uglier uh side, because you can uh make it in your own yes, you can make it in your own uh more to your own personality or or house style. Yes. Or forty. I think two or three. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's all about the buttons. Also, the the the buttons of the one, the two, the the digits, o they're used uh uh Can yes, three, two. But you can't make a remote control without them, because Yes. Yes. A one. We we've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever. Yes. Yes. No. No, not L_C_D_, so. But that that's not innovative. Lights lights are Six. Because we've tried to make it a little bit innovative, but it but it With the lights it it's it's kind of future But still you can retrieve it when it's when it's gone, with the with Yes. The docking station is a is a little bit innovative. It's a part of the remote. And with the speaker on the there's also a speaker. Okay. But the retrieval or the Yes, how would you innovate a remote control more? To put it on your head. Yes. Yes. You like the buttons. Yes. In in and comparing with uh people of th of the age above? We don't know. But Yes, two, but only in c when you compare it with with elderly. This is just guessing. Make it a two. When it succeeds, uh it can get a two, mu A logo. Yes, uh encrypted uh with Yes. Yes. Is there something after this uh meeting? Or Okay. Yes. Uh it's it's one one chip, but but you have to choose one from it. The simple chip is e enough I I think, but with the lights with the lights and the retrieval, it can be uh No, uh I Yes, my my my uh The the email I got said uh simple chip, but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device, it will uh cost a a bit more, like I think the advanced chip maybe. Bec No, the they didn't know about a retriever or a speaker uh in it. Then it's a simple chip. Yes, I I I s I That will be enough for future uh recommendations. I don't know it uh either. Yes. Otherwise, you get uh a standard uh plastic colour. Standard rubber. St Yes. No, it's only uh when you use push-buttons, it will cost that much. If you use a scroll-wheel Maybe it's the kind of push-buttons. You can have f four kind of push-buttons. Rubber. You can have uh Different, yes. Why is that so uh expensive. So, whe when you so then it It's eighty percent of the price of the of the amount of When you have the same amount of button, you have to put in wi in your carton. Board. And then throw it But whe I've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah, only with uh page up, page down and volume, but but Uh, it's it's still for little children. They can handle that remote control, but but it isn't fo Yes, it's for it's li uh it's just for a little Otherwise, it Otherwise it would be the Special form also, it says. What is the normal material? Sh yeah. Classic? Oh, plastic. But we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station yes. And and but we don't have to tell it, but what we can say of can um almost make it impossible to buy a remote control without the docking station. No, but you otherwise you can't retrieve it. But for two Euros and thirty cents, we uh we don't get a docking station. For For two Euros. It isn't in my information, so I don't know it uh either. It isn't in my information, I uh I I've got a schematic view of the remote control, but nothing about uh advanced chips or Uh I've got here in uh I will put a I will put a page on it. When my mouse works again. My mouse is uh Yes. Oh. Ah, I've got it. I will put uh my email on the the network. It's on it. Yes. Um Yes, that was mine. But that was my second Mm But this is the same uh This is o only the possibilities. Yeah. We can use a simple, a regular, or advanced chip. Ah, okay. With the light. L_C_D_. Maybe you can say against the remote uh page uh f uh page up, page down. All in twelve Euros. Twelve Euros and fifty cents. And the lights. Where uh are the lights? But but sometimes you put a Kinetics aren't uh nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking. Uh solar cells are useless. Fo for a docking station. With a cable, with uh buttons on it, with retrieval uh device in it. Wi with a button to wi with a button to retrieve it, so it will beep. Uh, so it's uh wireless technology. Look at the case, the case the case of of uh of uh No, then we have to sell it for thirty Euros. It's the Maybe we can uh can do it both. Maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote. Battery and kinetic. Yes, but when it's then when it then you have to shake it uh and all when it's when it's empty. You asked for three d No, that's n that's not true. Uh, a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time. Yes, solar cells are also stated. Why don't we use solar cells then? That's true. Oui. You can do it for fifty cents. The c The case the case alone is is is uh the case alone for uh remote control is at least one Euro. Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station. But now Great. It's great. Our remote control. Yes. Seventy Euros. Why not a hand dynamo then? We're done. Is this it? Okay. Yes. Where's the champagne? I don't uh hear a bell. Bye. Uh-huh. Just fill that one in.