Hello. Hello. You have to put it exactly on the on the yeah. I took your mouse. Yeah just yeah, no, that's for me, I just have to make some notes. I got my uh mouse. yeah. Uh actually my laptop doesn't work, switch it on again. Oh no. So you all read what we are going to do or not? Okay. Yeah, that's right. I just made a a simple uh presentation. So you put some things in it. Okay. How does this work? I dunno. This one? Ah cool. Okay. So that's my name,. Uh we're going to make uh a remote control, you already know that. Just have a look, are we going to uh this agenda of our meeting. You know, this is about twenty five minutes, this meeting. So um the thing we have to know is you already know what we're going to do, you also read what this the things or, not yet, okay. So um, yeah, it has to be original, trendy, user-friendly that's what we're going to design. Uh first we have uh uh three steps of uh making the the remote control. Fir the first thing is th the functional design, that's very important. We have to look what the needs are, the effects of the functional design, and and how the mm the the remote control works, so that's where we're going to look in the functional design, it's for the f next meeting. The the second thing is the conceptual design, that's what it that's uh the spe the specifications of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface. And we have to look what uh the market is doing for what kind of uh remote controls are in the market. And the third thing is uh the detailed design um and that's exa yeah, you know what it is, it's exactly how it looks and whatever. Okay so uh no, this is a these are two smartboards, with the uh f uh s an introduction of that one. And you already saw you know all that that you here can put uh things in the the red project uh map. Folder, okay. So no okay have a look at that one. Okay. So uh what we're going to do first is um so you can read. You have to uh draw uh a favourite animal on the whiteboard and um and say why it's your favourite animal. So and you have this is just to try it out and we have to uh use a different pen colours and different thickness of the pen. So okay, so first have to show you, maybe you can come here to have a look how it works. Yes? Okay. This a new page, it's okay. Use pen format. and a different colour can use here no I just take the pink. You take oh there's no pink, okay, oh just purple, okay. No blue. And uh line width ten. Okay uh just take what I'm going to draw is an elephant. Just draw slowly, because otherwise it won't work. It's a very nice elephant, you can see. I dunno what it looks but it doesn't matter. I just h Something like this? Oh no Yeah, okay. Because I like uh okay. Just takes so long, okay. Whatever, just. You erased this one. It's a bit slow you can see, this is a bit annoying. Okay, so just for you guys just one of you can draw a painting if you want. Just don't um yeah, just u use it like that, yeah. That's okay. It's in format. Yeah. Just No it has to be an animal, so if that's it's it should be a shna snake or something. Okay. Okay okay. Okay. Okay, cool. Hmm yeah, that's nice. Uh do you have to write down why uh that doesn't matter, just it's to get used to the whiteboard, but it's okay. Just make a new blank new blank page. Yeah, not too far to the to the t pen top. Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back, so that no, to the yeah. No, it's a dog. Uh we d only have twenty five minutes, so. Use your fantasy. Just hold it more more to the back then you don't have okay. No, that's okay, thank you. I thought these pens would be just um uh you write it down and you download it to Word, you already did it or no? No, not yet, okay. But it's just Sorry? Yeah, I know, but I d I I thought it would be just in in in uh typed words in Word, so that's not just it's just a picture. So it's not that cool as I th thought it would be. No. I don't know, what time did we start this meeting, I'm not sure. Half past. Okay. Okay, perfect. Yeah, thank you. Now we just have to save everything, so. Oh this is definitely the best one. Okay, so uh what we know is that we have to sell this uh remote control for about twenty five Euros. Okay, that's. And uh we have to make a profit of fifty million Euros, so we have to uh use a big market in Europe. The production cost are about half the price of selling price, sorry. So can someone make a a calculation about how many we have to sell of these to make fifty million, I dunno. Uh so we're gonna have a little discussion about um what experience are with a remote control the and everything, so just have a look how it we think about remote controls. Oh yeah, that's a good question. I think it's I'm not I'm not sure, it's not mm I think I don't think you can buy a a a universal uh remote control for twenty five Euros, so not sure, but Okay, so we we just say we just say that's universal remote control. Okay, perfect. Yeah, everything just so a lot of buttons on the remote control. No, just everything.. so yeah, what what what's a remote control, it's just a black thing with some buttons on it, it's not nothing very special, but um yeah, that's right. So do you have any ideas how it has to look for for usability or user Hmm yeah. That's right. Should be a good point. Just big enough for the buttons we have, that's that's it. But you you you you think about uh uh one you can fold open. Okay, yeah, that's cool. Maybe for the D_V_D_ pla player or something, if you just okay. Yeah. Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control? There are buttons on it. Okay. But it's not t t t too expensive to put a touchscreen on it. Yeah. Yeah. So. And if you have a touch screen in it, it's definitely too too fragile uh fragile. No. You can put games on your remote control. Whatever. Oh maybe that's a good idea, just to put it on your television and just s recharge, you never have to use any batteries. Yeah, how m how mu how how expensive uh is a normal recharger? I dunno. Uh if you th look at the market, it's probably it's still the best way just to put batteries in it, because maybe it's too expensive. Yeah, that's right, yeah. The option, just the option, that's cool. Yeah. Has it be has does it has to b have to be um uh like a different form than a normal remote control or Yeah Yeah. Yeah, just for the T_V_ and just the normal function, that's fine. But maybe it's maybe it's very hard to to make it fold open and to l look like it's very uh uh what's it's called? Maybe it's hard t No, that's right. So maybe we have to to uh keep it like mm a square, just normal remote control. Just think about it. We have to close this uh to finish this uh meeting, so. There's some more things. We have uh another thirty minutes, so then we're going to meet again. So you know what you have to what you have to do? Yeah. Yeah, I think this if you you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_, a D_V_D_ player, all that things. Also from a user, but all these things together. Yeah, everything. Yeah, no maybe not not uh, that's not a f that's something for for for yeah. That's not for you. Just if what's in the market, what's normal, uh what kind of uh buttons do you have. Yeah, it's alright. Yeah, just is that okay? Okay. So see you in thirty minutes. For the next time you have to uh put it exactly on the square, so your laptop. No, sorry.