Mm-hmm. Maybe you should try to write on the on the big white uh Does it? Yeah. It works. Wonderful. Mm-hmm.. Alright, yep. I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your uh I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your personal uh enjoyment. I I I I understand. Alright. so start Yep yes. Don't uh count on it. I think it's a mouse or a rat. Oh. Oh I know it. It's a hedgehog. Well I'm amazed uh about your uh drawing skills. Yeah. I am the Industrial Designer. Chief, I am the Industrial Designer. Yeah. I think It's pr it resembles the animal drawn by. I think can I say it? It looks amazing. These are very impor These are very important documents, of course, uh these drawings, uh And he deliberately draws a animal we don't know the English word for. It looks like an uh It looks like that beast from Sesame Street. Yeah. It's it's uh Do we have to uh But we have uh do we have to name the specific species of the bird? No? Well wonderful. Why do I have to do the difficult tasks? Uh pen yeah that's. Uh current colour. I like uh oh they don't have pink. Oh b oh think this is uh Uh? Uh Line width. Uh fifteen. And I can draw? Uh Oh the line width is too thick, but oh well. Uh. It smiles nicely. Now I have to change the line width. Uh one. These are whiskers, you know. Uh well I think it's obvious right now. Miaow. Well if this isn't obvious I'll save it alright uh save. Uh yeah uh blank. Well I feel comfortable now. Thanks for this exercise. I feel totally at ease. Yeah something like that. So Alright. Well I I didn't have to prepare anything about uh it's not, it's it's not my task to uh talk about uh experience with current remote controls, but uh Mm-hmm. No but uh the b the buttons have to uh have to have uh international recognisable buttons and uh and numbers and uh that every culture in uh, yeah, people in every country can recognise. Alright. Yeah so it doesn't uh become too complicated with too much buttons and uh And stereo uh s uh audio installations. Most people do, yeah. It doesn't it doesn't have to be Yeah. Well. Hmm. It has to be different and familiar at the same time. yeah the shape will will have to be recognised. I thought about uh like most uh remote controls uh are uh a long box shaped thing you can make it uh triangle shaped, but that's not uh very recognisable. Oval? I Mm. Oh but it ha it has to be m yeah. But you still have to know it's a remote and not another Yeah. Yeah so the long box uh shaped thing must be uh, yeah, useful or else uh they would have been ano another shape. Yeah. Yeah a lo the long box shape yeah. You have to use one hand. Why not? But it does fit in the hand if you hold it like this, and you can make it another shape, but then you have W no w what else? I di Yeah well but uh what what what do you suggest then? Hmm. Well but it's still then uh the the long box, uh but then with some uh round uh round forms in it to fit your hand, but it's it's still Yeah yeah al alright but but it's still it's still sort of box, yeah. It it has round forms but it in the end it's still the box, so that's what I mean. Yeah yeah I understand, but no no I don't mean an entire box like completely square but a also with round edges of course, but in in in at the end it's still this long box shape with convenient uh round uh shapes uh to fit. Yeah yes I thought about something like that. Yeah. A big recognisable button on top or something. The buttons should uh also be not too small, not too big, of course, and uh n uh uh not too close uh together. Uh-huh. Yeah of course uh to uh to uh to have icons to explain the different functions. Yeah. Colours, yeah. I think we have to talk also about uh the the materials for um. Already thought about something tha Mm-hmm. Yeah now we can still talk about the material, we have some some minutes left uh I w wrote down uh that the case should be plastic of course, hard plastic, the buttons should be uh rubbery I think uh. No n n Mm. Alright. And of course there are several electrical cables in it to uh to connect things uh to each other. I think so. It's a a common stan standard way infrared beams an infrared beam I think. It it's a we we make an a universal remote so it ha has to work with uh all kinds of brands and things. And have well yeah I've wrote something down about how it works. The user presses a button and with an infrared beam it signals the television set accordingly, but that's pretty obvious, I think. Well but th but the standard front will be uh just grey or something uh b a simple colour not not very flashy. Pink television sets pink remote,. Alright. I must not forget my pen the next time. Mm yeah also the the look and feel uh of the the remote's also my task, yeah. Yeah I uh w was wondering that too. Y you went to the company website. It's the the the start uh starting page uh Very handy to know. Right see you in half an hour then. W Right uh see you in thirty minutes then.