Wouldn't wanna be Project Manager. Uh, what we going to do. Um, once again I'm uh gonna take minutes. So, um no presentation for me. Uh, first we have a prototype presentation by G_ and G_. Afterwards some uh eval eval evalu evaluation s sorry. Uh evaluation crit criteria. Uh, in combination with the finance I um uh I received uh a an uh an Excel uh file which we have to fill in later on. Um, you see. Uh, and then we must see uh if we uh stay under the twelve and a half Euro. So, that's uh that's a big l so let's uh wait it uh um we have we have must uh, we must have uh some time for that uh because it will be uh yeah, quite a lot of mathematics. And after that, uh uh an evaluation of uh the process how we uh how we have done it here with the SMARTboard, with the with our laptops, with the all uh all this. And uh afterwards, uh we closing. Once again, forty minutes, so uh let's start. I would g give the word to um G_ and G_ for the prototype presentation. J_ and J_. Mm. No, okay. It's called a weemote Weemote. Yeah, I can imagine that. Yeah, but uh you d you mustn't forget that uh our target aim is younger people. Uh, we had decided to uh put uh some flashy fruity colours in it, uh and uh in the survey from uh Milan and Paris uh it uh it came out that uh uh the d the older people are uh more willing to uh to spend money on extra features. So I think uh it will be a better idea to have some uh flashy fruity colours as as a standard, and for the people who uh really want uh a more sophisticated, more traditional look, they're willing to pay uh that. They want uh they want more luxury stuff, but they have the money to do it and they want to b to buy that. So, maybe it's an idea to put that as an extra and not as a standard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, the mai I think th uh the standard must be some kind of uh uh attractive flashy colours. Not too, but w a little, because that's our aim. Yeah. Well, the buttons don't have to be uh all uh all of yeah. It Yeah. Okay. Thank you. The Marketing Expert. Sorry. Okay, so we gon we gonna evaluate the Yeah, the the thing we saw. Okay, just saw. Yeah. Seven? Uh, true. Sorry. Yeah, one I think. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yes. No teletext buttons. Teletext is in the menu. Volume is true. Yeah, big and clear. Oh, okay. Well, I agree. I was thinking very black and white. Thank you J_. Fruity. Yeah. Well, we p we can do it glow in the dark. So, if it's in the dark place, you still see it glowing. I think Ah, you must see it as uh, w uh according to uh the the other uh remote controls, there may uh uh be there in your uh T_V_ room, this one will stand out, I think. Exa I think that that's what it's about. If it if this lying on your couch, you're you're you think what's that for kinda orange uh thing. So Yeah. Okay. That's our remote control. True. Yeah, but not too soft we have decided. Three, yeah. Easy to use. One. Yeah, can it be zero? Yeah. Okay, two. Yeah, two. What's the time? We also have uh to do the evaluation, uh the production costs and uh stuff. Yeah. You're agree, Tim? You haven't seen a more innovative uh thing in uh Paris? False. Yeah, but they are built in, so it's one. Okay. Freak. Okay, thank you. We'll see. Mm. Okay, we have now to c uh to calculate the production cost. If it's under uh twelve and half Euro, then it's uh ok uh okay. But i is it if it is b Huh? No, this isn't right. Okay so,. Redesign. Oh yeah, if they under Yeah. No. Oh yeah. Yeah, it's sorry. Yeah, if the costs are under twelve and a half Euro, uh then we uh can uh ra uh move on to the project evaluation, as we have uh experienced it. Otherwise, we have uh do uh have to do a little uh redesign uh thingy. So Uh, we have to fill in the numbers of the component uh components. We have to uh fil uh, want to uh do it in and uh see uh if we stay under the twelve and a half Euro. So, do we have uh a hand dynamo? No. That's zero. Battery, one? Okay. Kinetic, one? Okay, solar cells, zero. Okay, uh simple chip on print? No? No, advanced chip. Sample sensor sample speaker? Three? Yeah uh, but it it's one one thing, it's three Euro. Uh, what's the sample sensor? Okay. Zero. Uh, uncurved flat. No. But is it s it's not made from a single uncurved thingy and then uh and then uh no? Okay. So it's only uh once double-curved. Okay. We're now in a problem, 'cause uh we have uh reached eleven Euro yet. Okay, but uh we have Okay. Uh, rubber. You. Titanium, no? Special colour? Yeah, but we want to make uh the wood colours, uh that uh Yeah, one. Yeah, but we we going to yeah yeah, that's true. But yeah, it's it's it Okay, the push-button, no. Scroll-wheel, no. No. Oh, no. Yes, one. Uh, button, no. No, the the we don't have a s no. Okay. Oh, okay. So, um what's the thing we can change? Uh, can I uh I say something? No, can I say something uh as Project Manager? The kinetic thing, can we just skip it, because uh you have to shake it, but that's not really innovative. Yeah. Yo. Sorry, yeah, yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, and not really. But we if you forget about the kinetic, well if we do that, we shall. So um Uh, b but i but the single-curved is just oh Oh, okay, okay. So that's wh tha that's one option. And then w yeah, and then we could have it, but uh it's its' well it's it's r it is the main point of the the the the look. No, tho uh that that can be done. So uh, okay, a little less uh conversation. Sorry? Fill in Just a explanation. I can delete it for you if you want. So, if we do this, uh we're on uh twelve and a half Euro. And we're done. Uh well, the only uh thing that don't Yeah, single-curved, but there's a curve in it. So Yeah, it's really a static value. Yeah. Yeah, it is. Oh. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Do you think? Well, now you can shake your remote control. Kinetic. Yeah? Who because if you want to go to kinetic, you're uh you're on thirteen and a half and you must go to flat, and I think now it's it's more of uh a compromise thing. And if you make the single curve ha just a big curve, then it's uh then it's uh yeah, one big good curve. I was going to uh say nasty words, but I don't. This is strange by the way. Wood is m is is is cheaper than rubber. We thought that wood would be more expensive. Yeah, maybe. But uh that this is this is it? Yeah. Okay, this is it. I'm gonna save it. Yeah. Okay, well, considering we have Well, we were above, so we did a little redesign Okay, um now uh it's about time to uh talk about uh this project. Uh, some uh things. Were there uh room for uh was there room for creativity in our meetings or in your individual meetings? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. I agree with that. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Okay. Uh how about the leadership? Okay, thank you very much. Now we're done. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I notice it too. I was a I was also very uh unhappy, uh very unsatisfied uh about the about the first meeting. So, uh I hope uh uh the the the other meetings uh get better and uh I think the the last two meetings uh also we we reached uh some good decisions about uh talk yeah. Okay, so uh that's cool. Uh, teamwork? Well, maybe that's uh only Yeah well, it's for us, because uh Yeah. Yeah and it's wo more like presentation and some points were discussed. But, really teamwork were you two uh The Yeah? No hard feelings. Yeah. Now you you must push a little while. Okay. O Just uh okay. You can be you can go quicker, 'cause then it it won't notice it. I follow the Master class for the SMARTboard, so I think that's the that's the main issue. Um, so uh about this one you were uh you're dealing with, um the the the the digital pen. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No. Huh. Well Yeah. M yeah. Yeah. And it is still your own handwriting uh popping up in uh Word. No, uh that's true. No. And uh the SMARTboard is uh useful, but the the pen is I uh not user-friendly, I think. Be it it takes a lot of time to draw things and to write things, and that's the Yeah, but that's not th the the you when you at a foreign audience, you b don't gonna wr uh write uh small. Yeah. But maybe there's some function with no, it isn't. With uh Yeah. Well, I'm gonna erase my uh name. Yeah, it's a big uh big eraser. Um Well, the the idea of the touch-screen is uh I'm just uh I don't know what what I mean. No. Oh. Oh yeah. That's interesting. Okay, because what does it mean? All the mo yeah, are between one and two. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, okay. Thank you, expert. But the new ideas found for uh wi with working with this uh software? Not really, yeah? Yeah, I think Yeah. Yeah. You had expected it to to be uh more more uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep, yep. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, and and maybe some uh functions for uh uh uh circle or uh a square. You have to draw it yourself now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that that can be done already. But not the the the the predefined uh squares I think uh Hmm? Sorry? Well, that's nice. Is it Here. oh. Oh, sorry. Select. Yeah. Here, that. So you have as you saw, you have a little uh Oh, you can Yeah, thank you. You can go uh there. So there the the the functionality is there, but it's not it's not ideal, and it's it's very it costs a lot of time to uh to use. And that's a pity, if you uh if you have uh thirty, forty minutes uh for this kind of things, and we are now with four people, but it well, imagine you are here you're with the ten people and everyone uh Yeah. Two minutes of drawing, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah, just like he said with the with the a screen which you can write, also uh a kind of voting uh mechanism. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so Uh well, just about, because uh Yeah, tomorrow? Uh, the costs are within the budget. Uh, the project is evaluated. But, before we going to celebrate, uh I have uh a little question which you can't answer, because uh there must be some kind of end report. I am busy with the end report right now. You might thinking what the hell was he doing uh Uh about all the meetings, what we have decided, a r r a report of this day. Uh, that must be made, but I don't know, here is uh standing uh whoa, we can celebrate now, but the end report is Okay well, that uh that can be done. Maybe we can do it uh together. You can see what I've uh yeah? So I I s I will uh put it on a story-board. You can see it. Because I think it will uh it must be uh Yeah, it's a three uh with seventy five uh Yeah, just about. Well, just a moment. End report. No no no, I'm just uh you can s you can read it and uh here here it is. End report. Well, this not nit it read-only. But it's not uh fully finished yet. Um, this is about the functional design, the things yeah yeah. Oh yeah. I'm uh when I said it, I remember I had it here. Marketing Expert, okay. Um about the three functions where uh which are most used and uh which must uh immediately be visible on our uh remote control. Um, it must be uh simple to use, very clear what to do, and at the younger people. So, this is really about wh uh what kind things uh must be in it and uh yeah. Yeah, I understand you, I can talk a little bit Dutch. Oka okay, okay, I I really didn't knew that. So, this one's first. You go there and you go there. So, okay. Well, maybe I can then do it one two three. If the order is in uh is is uh important, that's the word for. Uh, then the conceptual design. Uh, well all the things we have uh discussed, uh the energy, which uh turn out to be uh batteries, so that's Yeah, because yeah. Uh, he here it is still double-curve, the rubber, the flashy, the fruity, the removable. Uh, the buttons Hmm? Not double anymore. Nay but that this is what um Yeah. And the the added functions like Tetris snake, it's under the parental control, the touch-screen. So, it's uh just a summary of what uh we had discussed uh Uh, it's very cheap, you you maybe you you you you come at uh It's very necessary. Yeah, but it still has some yeah. Okay, but so we can discuss that uh we can discuss that kind of things I think with the with the the board of uh What's it what's the company called? I just keep forgetting it. Real Real Reaction. Real Reaction, yeah. Okay, so uh anybody uh misses something here about uh Yeah, okay, that's that's what I'm gonna write b between now. But, i in here nothing uh Mm-hmm. Yes. Yeah, touch-screen I've mentioned. Yeah, okay, well I gonna redesign uh something now. No. Because I think it will Oh, five minutes from to finish meeting. Oh, that's cool, Tim. Finish meeting now. Well, I'm I'm I'm going to finish my end report. I am the one who can say that. Yeah? Hereby the meeting is finished. Yeah.