Is there any time for a cup of coffee? Can I get a cup of coffee? Okay. Well, during my work I have no time either. So I think so too. It is. It is. Yes. Okay. Excuse me. Um Okay, it's still the right thing. Okay. Um well, there are some changes in the design requirements, so there are some changes in the method also. Um basically all this device has to do is send messages to a T_V_ set. And the m most easy way to do this is by uh sending pulses of infrared light to a T_V_ set. Well, I th I tried to uh implement a picture here, but it's hardly readable. Can you see it? No? Well Um, there's a energy source here. And um basically there it's connected to three things. The user interface connected to a chip, which is connected to the sender, which generates messages using uh infrared light, which are sent to the receiver. That's basically the idea. And there's a little picture, just for your imagination, how a device like this should look or can look. Okay. Um what have I found. Usually these kind of things consist of a battery, infrared diode, buttons, chips, and circuit board. That's all. It's cased together, nothing more than that. It's almost every piece of equipment um every piece of uh every T_V_ set is controlled infrared. There are some exceptions, but most of all have uh infrared controls. And uh the more luxury uh remote controls have lithium buttons. And I think that's what we w yes. In the and it's a little more a little bit more fancy also. So maybe we should consider that. Okay. I have a basic scheme of the things uh which are implemented. Um basically this is all there is. There's just one chip. There are a few buttons connected. Uh the buttons are lit. And the whole thing is transmitted by a infrared li diode, and there is not a power source here. So that's basically the total design of this piece of equipment. There's nothing more to it. It's fairly easy. It's been done many times before, and I think we should uh we should c s succeed in in our plan to do this. So Okay, so uh personally I think we should infra use infrared, because uh otherwise our device cannot uh communicate with uh almost every T_V_ set. So I think that uh should be clear. Uh another important point is uh we really should use uh energy uh sparse, friendly components. Uh there are specially uh designed um energy-friendly components which consume uh far less power than uh conventional components. And um if we want to use uh a rechargeable design or uh a energy-save design, we should really implement them. Um for cost-effectiveness, we should really use a very low-cost uh circuit board, um because most of the production cost are are in this uh part of the equipment. And um the money we save on using this we can use uh for elaborate fancy lighting uh techniques, blinking LEDs and all that kind of fancy stuff. I think our uh users will really uh will really like that. No, they're p f uh power friendly LEDs also. So we can use them. So that's no problem. Uh no, they're uh they're a little bit more expensive, but by uh um um making We can we can make its I think. Okay. Hmm. Yes. Well, it's not one light, it there are more lights in a in a in a mobile device. No no no, no. That's right, that's right. So well, this uh should be it. Um have a think about it. Mm. Or a find a finding function, you know. That's quite a yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, we should focus on that, I guess. Well, the technical uh there I think there are no technical difficulties. There's no um elaborate technique uh used in this uh kind of equipment. So um I don't think we have any hiccups there. So we can fully concentrate on developing a product that is really um what the market needs. So maybe it's a good idea to think about these buttons and and uh and a sound signal. Well Yes. Th that's a bit of that's a problem. Usually Oh yes. Yes. Well, there there are some devices who uh incorporate this technique already. Um there are video sets and um they have a special button, the find the remote control button. You press it and your T_V_ set starts to make a uh kind of weird sound, and your uh remote controls then start to beep. And um Yes. Yes, that's it. Yes, same thing. No, so we we should use something else. We do not control the T_V_ set so well. Yes, m yes. S and we b we want to make so it's is easy as possible for our customers, so we should think about It's quite complicated. Well, it's quite complicated. Because how can you separate the clapping sound from other sounds. Yes, yes. Well, basically the characteristics uh the characteristics of clapping is just an increase in the volume, the amplitude of the sound, which is uh generated a few times within a uh certain period of time. But there are many other sounds uh which are exactly the same from the point of view from a remote control. Yes, so we don't want that. Maybe we can Something like that. Well, is there not something f something more easily Well, I don't think uh. No, and y the the most important thing for people is that there's a central point to which they can go and uh b uh perform a a some kind of uh. And then uh the remote control uh reports itself, so w we should use have uh we should use something like that. You do not want another device, which can be uh everywhere in the house, which you have to find first before you can find your remote control. Yes, something like that. But that will be very costly, I think. So that's not a good idea. Mm-hmm. I will. Yes. Yes. But um before I do that I w I want to warn you that uh by implementing this kind of a function the technical design will become more complicated um and it will become more costly also. Because there will be additional components which which uh will be used. And there are some implepe imp Well, I I think so, because um when you have a p newspaper over your remote control, you cannot see it. So Okay. No, no. So that's out of the question. So I think also. Yes. Well, we should save costs uh by not implementing a lot of functions and uh the money that we can save from that we should use for uh having a nice design and uh thinking about the user interface and Yeah, that's right. Mm. Okay. Well, is it maybe there's another possibility. You can make it look like an easy s piece of equipment, but it's quite elaborated, uh because it has many functions. Maybe it's more important to make the make it look like a very uh friendly, easy to catch piece of equipment, but um nevertheless Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ok like that. Well, I was more thinking about a more elaborate way of controlling, by by these kinds of sticks or something like that. I don't know if if it's user-friendly. That's your field of expertise. Mm-hmm. There's no, but there's no way to do that, because we cannot implement that kind of the system. W Mm-hmm. Well, maybe we can use a light for that. When you move the stick to a to a position, maybe uh a light next to it can lit up. So you know I've just uh pushed the button, or I changed the channel or t uh turned up the volume. Something like that. Yes. Oh yeah, something like that. It's not really a stick, but Yes. Yes. Hmm. Yes, yes. And Yes, and this also looks more fancy, I think. I think it it will attract uh more uh uh public, I think. But you're the marketing man. Okay, that's good. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Do do you want a list of functions? Do you want an explicit list? Uh which uh incorporates all function available on the device? Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Change. Yes, yes. Yes. Well you're the secretary. Mm okay, but make a s make a sub-folder for it, because it's starting to fill up already. Sure.. Yes, that's important. Well, are are you sure? I'm not so sure. Well, that's complicated, but is that so relevant? Because I don't think but you should uh shou you should know that. If it were so. Okay, I can imagine when I can imagine when you're when you have a satellite decoder and and you have, well, about six hundred channels, I can imagine you want this. But if you're uh a regular T_V_ user, and you just want uh to watch the the Dutch television networks, well, you can uh you can use uh about ten buttons. That's enough. Well, but how how often do you watch all these channels? No, you're probably right. Okay. But I think these uh ten uh buttons look a bit dull. Don't you think? The design. Okay. Well, y then there should be should done be done something specific with it. Mm-hmm. Okay, so you can experiment by uh with with shape or with size or with colour, that kind of thing. Okay. Well, maybe it can be combined with the find the remote control. So um when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control, uh it's very easy to change uh the channel. That's one thing. And it's very easy uh to find your remote control. So maybe that's a possibility, but I'm afraid it will be a bit costly. But maybe when we uh Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Well. I I think it should uh should work, it sh we should manage that. Yes. Well, the voice recognition has the main adva has another advantage. It's mas it makes it very easy for us to implement the find uh find the remote control button uh remote control function. So that's that's a big advantage, I think. There's only one disadvantage uh by implementing this. Um the power saving power saving will be a bit more difficult. So we can expect that there will be a less longer life to the batteries. But maybe can we we can think something smart about it. There are some uh hybrid hybrid devices which incorporate a solar panel and rechargeable batteries. So when you just leave the device in a in a light room, it charges itself. You have to do nothing for it. Maybe, maybe not. I'll have to find that out. Yes. So No, that's very cheap. It's Oh, it's very cheap. That's no problem. It's just a a case with two uh metal contacts. It's Yes, but they're they're mass production. They're very cheap. So it will cost us p practically nothing. Yeah. Profitable. Um I just want to make a summary of all all things uh spoken and uh the different possibilities. Um so uh basically we've decided to implement a seemingly uh easy design. So on the outside it looks easy, but uh we can make it easy on the inside or elaborate on the inside. So that's one the those are the choices we have to make. But I think there's a big advantage in making it more elaborate by uh implementing uh speech techniques, uh voice recognition, that these kinds of things. Um it makes it also more uh attractable, I think, to our uh audience. Um there are some advantages and some disadvantages, and the main advantage is that we can implement uh fancy techniques, which uh I think our customers will like. The disadvantage is that there are some concerns about uh the the costs and um the things like uh battery lifetime, energy saving. Uh another advantage is that the circuit board will become much more easier if we do not do not implement these buttons. If we just add uh uh a chip which does the voice recognition, uh our circuit board will become even more cheap. So that's another well, it wa it w it was an issue, but we also thought that we already thought we should do it as cheaply as possible. And this even uh makes it more cheapy. So Mm-hmm. The circuit board. The fewer buttons you have, the ch ch the cheaper the circuit board, yes. And it's very cheap uh to incorporate uh uh an integrated circuit, a chip. So that's that's another advantage. So Yes, because I don't know Yes. I d I really don't know. So It can be costly. Maybe not. Yes. Yes, I al I I hope my personal coach will uh have a lo uh look at it. How nice. Well, we understand. Well Mm yes. So we drop the voice recognition? Or Oh. Okay. Well um do we really have to decide now or can we decide next meeting? Okay. Because I'll have some updated info on that uh Adapt. We can have the lunch.