Hello. Um, Project Manager, I have something to tell you. I have a little problems with my laptop. And uh s s s so I had a little less time to complete. No, a little problem, uh big problem. I just thought Um, it didn't work anymore. The entire Windows uh It it hung. During lunch, yeah. He's the master, yeah. Wow. Oh, have you considered the option of using a solar panel? W nah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Th th yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. Um, I think you should use kinetic as a back-up. A combination, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Psycho-kinetic. Yeah. Buy a fifty cents battery and uh Well maybe I have something in my presentation to uh to cope with that. Um, isn't possible to make combination with kind of rubber is or bendable remotes where you've got a. Or do you think it Rubber casing, yeah. Yeah. Um, well d Maybe I can ask it right now the question that I have. Uh, is it possible uh of is it necessary to make a touch-screen square? It isn't, I think, yeah? We're We put fashion in electronics, so maybe we can uh Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. Okay, I I get it. Okay. That's good. Well, as long a as long as it's it's uh it's firm, and you don't uh it's not bendable or something, I th I think that goes too far. Oh. Okay. It might even bounce back when you drop it on the floor. Okay. Do your thing. Spongeball. It'll float. Tables. Ah. Hey. Twelve fifty uh When your parents are watching some boring program, you can take the remote and do something else. Take it. Ooh. S Mm-hmm. In Okay. Um the interface contents. Well that's a just simple PowerPoint mock-up I want to m make it more as dynamic for you so I'll draw there. But, the main concept is um take one big touch screen. Um, always display the primary buttons clear and visible. Maybe even li like this with uh u uses of a lot of space. And uh make the menu structure changeable. So if you press um system, that's Yeah, well m multiple system options can, maybe five or ten or or one, can fit in. Or maybe even a step further when you want to um t um have some other options that are not programmable with one horizontal button. And um other buttons can may be displayed here if that's necessary. And um well, how do uh do we want to look at uh uh f um Yeah Does a remote look Well, it's you've gotta hold it in one hand. So um the middle like all remotes have to be in a little bit small, so you can put it in inside your hands. And some remotes you can use with your thumb. But I think that's too difficult for this one. So you can make it s a little broader. Yeah. And here? And maybe use your thumb on the on the main buttons. And use your other hands on the menu structure. So here are gonna be the program buttons. One, two, three, four, et cetera. And the the volume control and program control maybe. And, down here, um, I added, this could be one uh big L_C_D_. Um, the menu structure. So you can use it in uh in this way. Um One thing you've gotta keep in mind, keep the remote clear of too much functions at the same time. Um, know that if you are changing the menu structure here, um And well, I still believe you should keep displaying the buttons. But if you're programming the colour of the T_V_, do not display twenty other options that are possible. Just keep it as simple as uh as possible. And do not use too many levels. Do not have to select a screen first and then brightness and then colour and un-plus, and um push plus twenty times. But just the um uh just in one button if possible. And um, well, you kn you all know the T_V_ levels. Um, channel one, two. And when you get to n to uh to ten, ye and want to go back, uh well you have a problem. Just m most most modern T_V_s, you you press one zero, and it goes to ten. And else, to one and through after that. So the s a button less. And um, things like teletext, put them in the menu. Things like um um Yeah. Yeah, yeah w Yeah, I I find I must trying to uh tell it. Is uh volume plus and minus? And this is program uh plus and minus. Uh Yes. Or if you're watching Studio Sports on uh on seventeen, and your wife is watching some soap on two Well yes, I think that's a good idea. But um, well m my preference would to be put it in the menu structure. And if you're using that button a lot of times, well of course the menu will still be displayed on the screen. You just don't have to play games uh in-between. But if you're really switching between two channels, you won't have time uh to d use the other options. Um, yeah already already told that. Yeah. That's my conclusion. Well, I agree, just put it in the menu structure somewhere. Um, yeah um system properties, um parental control. Yeah. Mm. Um, w well, yeah. It it has to be fast. You don't want to to go down and watch the news at eight o'clock and turn it on and wait twenty seconds for for uh the log-on screen and then remember your code and all kinds of settings. Mm-hmm. Why Mm-hmm. You c may use like when there's uh X_P_, uh a simple log-on, d you just push uh one or two or three. And if you push parents, then Yeah. To log in. Yeah. And if you puts a ye Uh-huh. And if you w you push p children, uh you don't have to uh log in, but you can only watch uh children's channels or uh Okay. Well Yeah. Well, maybe um some idea on that. Just make through a remote as it is, but make an option to insert profiles, 'cause if my grandad would buy this remote, he wouldn't want to bother with all all the all the uh things to do. Just make it an option in menu, ins install powerful profiles or something. Um, b well, still some question I have about how to incorporate those ones. You're thinking about some channels they uh cannot see, but well, I I when I think, oh yeah, for the f for all the standard channels, and only for maybe after ten o'clock uh in the evening violent films and movies uh will come and uh maybe maybe some some timing uh will be uh needed instead of uh of channels, because if you're watching uh, I don't know, you're in the at day uh, cartoons will come up m on maybe Friday night. I don't know. Yeah, the disadvantage vantage is that someone will has to send all the show-view numbers of the programs that they remotes and edit it all, will have to decide uh That isn't possible. Well, yeah you could say if parental control is only it it'll go from fourteen to sixteen with the page-up then, but Mm-hmm. Yeah, on a separate menu uh option. Yeah, well yeah, I A mail too from management that it's very popular to use voice recon recognition. But I don't think when you're watching T_V_ uh, hearing loud noises from the T_V_, someone screaming one, and you f the channel switches, uh Yeah. Yeah. W you can put it on chip anyway, so uh As long as it's isn't a primary feature of the remote, but uh Optional in But how we do it? Well, I think also it's a good idea, buts very difficult to incorporate. So we should make it too complex. Is t some menu uh function, you choose parental control, and maybe four files will emerge from menu where put it on. But uh how how it's gonna work uh uh will f be a problem. Mm-hmm. Well Ye I I think best would be uh to put it in and make it an menu option. You can put on Yeah. And you can just uh s when you buy it, you can select um personal preference, parental control on, and the password or something. Oh, it's a p Yeah. Well, maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs, where the parent says, you cannot watch channel seven, nine, and ten, and you cannot watch all channels after ten o'clock. And there's just some little uh clock in the remote. No, no, it's very simple. There uh th I h I've seen some of remotes who have a clock in it. So, the remote does doesn't transmit when it's after twelve clock. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's To put it very blunt, that's not our problem. Just have um the parents buy uh some glue and uh It's not not a part of the remote. You have to f Yeah. Uh, or make it ourselves very diffic Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. Yeah? I'm listening. Um, well What I was thinking about is just a menu structure, when you don't use it is simple. And when you push uh system properties, uh entire list pops up with e ev all kind of f stuff you can program. Som some bench-marker. Oh. Uh, logo. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you can show somebody a logo for point five seconds, they'll still remember it. And it it l linger on every time you see it. Very annoying. Yeah. Yeah, I It's ok For f Oh, for the next meeting, right? Um Stay here and P_. Ah, no new email. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. Yeah. Uh-huh. See you. Yeah. Here? Or uh Yeah. If you got a No. So Stupid manager. No. Don't get what's