I just forgot their name, so uh you're i sorry, I just forgot them all. So I have to write it down. So Do you know them or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no, but your b your surname. W_O_ da. Okay. Okay. And what's your name? W_I_E_S_ z Z_ or S_? Uh uh zee. Okay. What's your name? Yeah, but your surname. Your surname. Okay, thanks. Yeah, me too, so that's not No no no, I just fi first my So let's have a look, we have forty minutes, so it's it's more than enough. Okay, perfect. So we have Oh no, what's that? So so we have uh forty minutes for this uh for this second meeting, and we have to make uh sure that we going t that we are sure, that we are, that we know what we're going to make uh th what the product is going to like look like. Uh first I have the notes of the last meeting, so I showed uh show them to you. Oh, sorry about that, I just escape this one. How do I escape this? How do I I escape this s uh presentation? Ah okay. And show, sorry. Okay, so let's have a look s at this one. Okay, so the f the f the points we had last meeting was the um Should be a univ uh universal remote control No, that's I uh s I just got a email from the from the personal coach and it should be a T_V_ remote control only. So have you changed that part? Um so yeah, it still has to be uh f a r a remote control for kids and elderly. It's it's still the same. Um All these points uh we have to look at. You all know them. But uh there's another point. The um uh the main uh people of interest of this company are forty plus people. So they're old and not younger people. So we have to look at that as well. 'Specially old people, maybe bi bigger buttons or something, I dunno. Uh so So yeah, that's it, so just you can do your presentation for uh Oh it doesn't matter, just start with the I I didn't read i read it, so it's not for me, I didn't get it uh anyway. It's only for you. Yeah. The last point is quite an interesting So if we Yeah. Yeah, we should have the ten percent on the on the top, then you're you're So we have uh a new uh age of forty plus. People. So yeah, so we just can skip the L_C_D_ r on the remote control, because Yeah. It's too Okay. Because it's too expensive. Yeah, probably. So it has to look uh uh uh unique, but Yeah. But old people are not looking for that. Not really. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. So Paul, you can do the next one if you want. It's on the on the uh net net uh thing, isn't it? So what do you think of only the numbers and the on-off button or Okay. Yeah. Okay. Maybe i maybe it's too complicated, but not sure. It's a good idea, but Uh Uh mayb for me it's If I use my telephone, I never use those buttons to to to call sh Never. So And If I don't do it, maybe old people It's not, it's still not It's not anymore n uh Just on the front as well. No, that's the only th the only thing you need. Just very simple. Uh Yeah, I know what it is, but I think it's all too difficult for old people. And how do you want to uh do it, like if you have a channel above ten? Normally you can press one, zero or A ten plus or Okay. But do we still need a two level remote control? Because if we only have that l only f No. Yeah. Maybe it's still still a good idea, I'm not sure. You'll also have to use a mute button to to Maybe, not I don't know where where you have to put it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Does it have to be Uh it has to be uh with different colours or It's like a iMac or something. Just to make it But it looks cheap as well, because it's a small thing. It's only twenty five Euros. It looks very cheap if you make it Oh, you just I dunno what happened. Yeah, we have to look at mobile phones, that's right. Just Yeah. Yeah. Okay, we hurry up a bit, because otherwise we won't make it. Is it fin Are you finished? Okay. So we we also have to have a LED li LED light on it? Yeah, it's I think it's usable. Yeah. Or just a green one, because it's If you use it, it's green or the red, it's r green. Yeah, that's right. But if you Red's l shows up like something's wrong, and green is like it's okay, you press the button. Yeah, I know. Okay, we make it red. You have to The whole the whole uh remote control becomes uh green if you press the buttons. Uh that's cool. No, we have a recharger in it, so If we can still make that then But it's cool if it was green. Green or red or whatever, it is cool. I just say Can you s just say it again, because I was just looking There's just a short Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's the LED, L_E_D_. Yeah, okay. So we can make the normal one also a normal light. Not a LED light, but as a normal one. To flash up your Yeah. Maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push. So you see green if you push that button. Yeah, but if you u if you do that, you know that you're uh sending a signal. And it's you also know which button you p Yeah, that's right. But it But does it make any difference for the energy you use? You got still one LED. That looks different, yeah. The same as a telephone, or a mobile phone, or what do you mean? If you push It lights up. Everything lights up. That's a good idea. It it only takes a l a little energy and it's not that much. It's f Yeah. Maybe that's a good idea for old people as well. It's only few LEDs. Only four or something. Four LED. Yeah, that's a good idea, okay. Everything agre Everyone agrees with that, or Okay. Yeah, and then you Okay, yeah. But you have to make a sound device in it then. But Yeah. Okay. Are you almost finished or just Okay. Okay. No worry. Yeah, I just want to talk some about some more. So maybe you have to Yeah? Okay. So this Oh, sorry. Wh what's that? So uh Oh, sorry. We have some new uh project requirements. We have to have a look what they are. They're still in um Uh teletext has become outdated since the popularity of internet. So a teletext option, maybe we have to skip that one. I'm not sure. I don't think so, but Yeah, and it's it's on your comp it's on your television. It's only one button. So I don't think it is We definitely should use it. Um Yeah, that's uh what I told you. The remote control should only be used for a television. So that's maybe easier. And um the the forty plus people, I already told you. Oh no, sorry. Oh, this is a problem. Oh sorry about that. The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty. So it should be flashy or just more interesting. I'm sorry about that. I just I just didn't read it well. So does it make some decision about that? That still stays. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, maybe we have to integrate that as well. If it's possible. But I don't think it's very expensive actually. Why should it? You only have a microphone in it. Nah, maybe Maybe maybe it's too hard to uh to realise that. It We have short time to to put it on the market, so that We have to do a lot of testing before we can do that. We make uh make uh, we can make th th the new remote control very flashy. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. So we have to make some decisions. So you can see on the uh So we have to know what we're going to put on. Do we, do we make uh a light under the under the n under the numbers and everything? Do If you press something, it lights up for a few seconds, so you can see what other but buttons there are, okay? Okay, we just take that one. And what else, we have Yeah, but it's Oh th I thought would, that that would be the same. If you push something, it it all lights up. Or you can switch it on or something. Yeah, that's right. You have to Yeah, that's right. That's what I said. It's the same as the telephone. Yeah. And do we use a a Uh what's it called? Like a iMac, if you can look through it. Or just a normal remote control. Yeah. Different colours. Okay, so y you just make it th through You look through it? Okay. And so the buttons we have, this is, yeah, this is normal. We put in the the simple buttons on the top, and probably the the the more complicated buttons down there. Yeah, maybe you have you have to Uh when you use teletec teletext, you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one, or to go to the previous one. O but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control. Because you ne almost never use it. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. For me too, it is. So we just keep it one level then? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So that's it for toda for We're going to have a lunch lunch break. Um So yeah, you know what you have to do. This is uh this is it. You get your meal and everything, so Yeah. So, we're finished for t for this time. We're going to have some lunch. Yeah.