Hello. Good morning. Uh before I start with the with the meeting I have a few things to tell you about the the setting we're in, uh because we're uh being watched by uh Big Brother. So um Yeah. Yeah. This uh These are cameras, so are these. This thing uh that looks like a pie, are actually all microphones. So you must be careful with uh with uh all this. And uh as I can see you uh you have placed your laptops uh exactly on the place where it must be. And that has to do with the camera settings, so we don't have our uh laptops in front of the cameras. And Indeed. So they can see our faces. Okay. Welcome at the kick-off meeting. My name is uh Danny Wolfs. Uh this is the agenda for today. Uh first a little opening. Uh I will introduce myself, uh and uh I think it's very uh good to introduce uh yourself. Uh then uh a little bit of acquaintance, acquaintance to uh to to ourselves. So uh we get to know each other. Uh that will be done uh with a tool training from the he these two uh smart boards. Then the project plan. What we're going to do, and how we're going to do it. Uh and discussion about that and a little closing at the end. Okay uh, my name is uh Danny Wolfs. I'm the Project Manager. What's your name? User interface, okay. Industrial, yes. Okay, thank you. First a little about the project aim. Uh the the the aim is to make a new remote control. Uh maybe you have read uh read the website. It's a very uh, yeah, very uh ambitious uh company. They uh they wanna do something else. I w Uh there must be a new remote control. Uh first of all uh it must be original, uh and trendy. That's two things really uh close to each other. But at the same time uh user-friendly. And they have uh Yeah, that's uh very important uh for them. Uh there are three stages. There is a functional design. So uh what are we going uh to uh to do? What are we going to uh uh make f uh kind of functions in the remote? And why are we going to do it? Then the conceptual design. How are going to do it? And that's uh really global. Uh because at the detailed design, how, part two, uh we go uh to dig in uh really about how the the te the technical of If it's uh it's possible technical-wise. Uh each stage is uh uh is broken up in two uh two stages, individual work and a meeting. So it's uh it's very straightforward. Okay, the tool training. We have two smart boards. This one is for the presentations, the PowerPoint presentations or the Word presentation of whatever you uh you had. Uh and this is uh only for uh drawing. So uh we uh must let it uh stand on this uh this programme. This is called a smart board thing uh Yeah, it speaks for itself. Um and as you uh may have heard, the documents in the shared folder uh can be uh showed on this screen. Not in y the the My Documents. So if you wanna show something, put it in the shared folder. Uh This uh is very straightforward, with the save, the print, the undo, the blank, the select, the pen. Well, I don't uh gonna explain it all, because I think you know uh how it works. Um we must not forget uh everything we draw on here, uh all must be saved. We we may not delete anything. So uh if you have uh drawn something, save it. Never delete it. That's a very important uh thing. Okay. Uh little uh little kinda exercise to uh know each other. At uh the white board on the left. Every uh every one of us uh must draw our favourite animal, and uh tell uh tell us why we uh had uh chosen that animal. Uh important is that we use different colours, and uh different pen widths. Widths. Widths. Yes? Yeah. No no no. It's uh it's uh I I I must do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 'Cause we uh really don't know each other, and uh it's kinda new. So getting used to each other, we can uh have a little fun then, before we uh dig in really to the hard stuff. That kind of thing. Would you start with drawing your uh favourite animal? Okay, okay. Yeah, okay. Drawing goes with uh this thing. Do not touch your hand on uh this little uh thingy here. That's uh important. So hold it uh like this. Yeah, kinda. So, um You must p p uh push a little uh Good. Because And uh wait uh wait a few seconds. It's not uh fully real-time, so uh watch it. Oh yeah. Well I'm gonna paint in the red. Oh. That's the background colour. Well, undo. Um The pen? No. One minute please. Yeah, that's the one. Well, five. Okay. My favourite animal huh? Yeah, you can guess what it is. May uh paint uh next. No, it's not an orc. You don't see it uh at the ears? You have an orc at home? Thank you. So it's a cat. Simba. 'Cause uh we have a cat at home and he's called Simba. 'Cause he looks like the uh the the lion from The Lion King. So we uh found it kinda cool to uh name it after a lion. He's happy with us, so uh he's smiling. No, only the face. Because we have we have twen twenty five minutes. So we uh Yeah. Yeah. Okay, who wants to go next? Yeah? So choose a colour, choose a pen width and draw a Yeah. Save it, okay. Kind of firm touch. Yeah. Because uh my cat is red uh at home. And I have red hair, so uh must be red. It is a turtle. Why a turtle? Why? Tim? You watched it a lot? You watched it a lot? It's a scared turtle. Okay, Tim. Thank you. Jurgen, you want to go next? Format? And then you have the the current colour, you can change. So no red or green. And uh line uh width. I had five. Tim had Uh Tim, what kinda line width did you have? Okay. It's a dog. Okay. Why a dog? You have a dog at home? Had a dog? Yeah? Ah. You have an artistic uh inner middle. So I think you can see it's real uh really a easy programme to use. Not difficult at all. Okay, thank you. Janus? The last one? Yeah. After a cat, a turtle and a dog. I think he's gonna draw an elephant. Uh-oh. No. Better to draw with a with But what is he uh? Is it a rabbit? Do you have a rabbit at home? Is it a white rabbit f It's the white rabbit from The Matrix. Okay, then yeah. Okay. Finishing touch and then we're going further. Yeah? Yeah, a little. Well, I think the dog is the the most uh artistic. Don't choose for youself. That's selfish. Okay, now we're gonna dig into the to the serious stuff. Uh the selling price for the remote will be uh twenty five Euro, and the production cost uh may not be more than uh twenty and a half Euro. So uh from my point of view, I don't think it's uh gonna be very uh very high tech, high definition, uh ultra modern uh kinda remote, for twelve uh fift uh twelve and a half Euro. Uh the profit we must make with uh the new remote is uh fifty million Euro. So that's a lot. We have to sell uh a lot of uh Uh I think uh w when the selling price is twenty five, uh uh you got two million, two million remotes. But our marketing range is uh, market range is international. So we have uh virtually the whole world we can sell uh we can sell our r remotes to. At least that uh countries which have uh a television. Um So now it's time uh for us to uh going uh to discuss a little uh things. You can think about uh experience with a remote control uh yourself, at home. What you think might be uh a useful uh new feature. What uh what can distinguish our new trendy remote control from all the others. Um so uh let's uh let's uh discuss a little. I'm gonna join you at the table. Well what what's the most uh important thing at a remote control? Okay. So not a not a remote control who uh uh which can uh can be used for television and a D_V_D_ and radio and Or just only If you have them on uh I can uh Okay. Oh, in case you want it This is a dead kind of fly. Between the the the, yeah, the the uh Yeah, be The screens. No no no. Only All the drawings go there, at the left uh Oh, that pen drawings. Uh no, I think uh when it is uh in Word and you have saved it in the Shared Documents folder, you can show it there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. So it be uh a multi-purpose uh very technically uh high uh remote? Yeah, it must be really uh innovative, technical-wise? Yeah. So yeah, I I agree with you. So we must focus on things who are really uh really add something to uh to Yeah. No. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But we have to keep an eye that it's Uh at the beginning of such a project, it's it's it's very uh cool to talk about, well, this would be cool, that would be cool. Uh but we must not uh lose uh sight of the the user uh uh friendly uh Yeah okay. Yeah. Okay. And that's because we have him. Okay, uh next meeting will start in thirty minutes. So uh you uh will have uh individual actions where I presume uh will be some feedback, uh via the m the mail. Um the the the Industrial uh Designer has to uh look at the working design. Uh the User Interface Designer has to look at the technical functions. So that's the thing we uh discussed. Yeah? Okay. Um wha Yeah. Yeah. But maybe, because uh you are working on the user requirements, you are working on the technical functions, we uh must uh have a little or kinda uh uh uh How do you call it? Uh Uh a little plan on on what we're going to do. So you don't uh uh come up with the user requirements who don't fit the the the the technical functions at all. Some basic things we co we want to going to do. Uh I think that's well uh Yeah. Will come in handy. Okay. W He says Yeah. Well, th that's that's really a step further. But if you say uh is it uh uh one way or multi-purpose, that's a Why? Why? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So uh each individually i individually uh must think on what's uh at uh his point of view is the most important. And uh then we're going to fit uh all the pieces together the next meeting. I must finish off now, so it's over. You uh will receive specific specific instructions uh by your personal coach. And I see you in uh thirty minutes. Thank you. Be careful.