. Desktop. Yeah. Okay. Well. Make it. Hmm. Hmm. Will this will this add to the cost? Yes but you have to m uh be able to change it. D does it make it more difficult to design? Not much. 'Kay. Um Mm. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Uh um m Yeah. Um yeah okay. This bit too far. So So I'm uh gonna have a presentation about um the market, about um yeah what people think. Uh we did a usability lab-test with a hundred persons. And we looked at uh several um things. Uh among them design, uh d d how d did they like the use of it, uh what frustrations they had while using remote controls. Uh well what what will be our market. And uh we asked them if we had some new featu features. If um that would be a good idea or not. Well our findings. Uh our users, they disliked the look and feel of current remote controls. Um uh they especially found found them very ugly. And um th they also found them hard to to learn how to use it. Uh well they also zap a lot. So uh zapping uh should be very easy. And uh fifty percent of the users only use ten percent of the buttons. So a lot of unused buttons. There is more findings. Uh on the buttons. Which uh buttons find users uh very important and which which not? And how much would they use them? Well uh the most used button is the channel selection. And uh we asked them how uh relevant they think uh the buttons are. The power, volume and channel selections are very relevant. Uh teletext is uh less relevant but also important. Uh not important they found the audio, uh that's not the volume but uh specific the the pitch, or the left or right. Uh the screen and the brightness. And uh channel settings. Uh th and they also are not used very often. Then we have a few um graphs about the market. Uh here we can see what the market share is of uh several groups. Um as you can see, most users are uh between thirty six and forty five. Um the the the younger group between sixteen and twenty five is not very big. And to come back on the the swapping uh things, uh I don't think uh, I I think the younger will be most interest in it. But uh they are not a very big group. Um in the we asked them, uh how would you like a s a new feature. If you have an L_C_D_ on the remote control, what would you think of it. Now you can clearly see young users say. I will that would very nice. And older user think uh they will be scared of change I think. And they won't like it. And another thing, how would you like to have a speech recognition on it. Well here we see the same. Young users uh think that's an interesting idea. And old users not. Uh well we uh found out that there are two several markets at which we can aim. Uh the first are the younger, the age between sixteen and forty five. Uh they are highly interested in the features, as you can see uh here. And um they are more critical on their money spending. Uh the second group is the older group. Aged between forty six and sixty five. They are less interested in uh new features. But uh they spend their money more easily. Now if we look back at this graph, we can see that among the first group is about um sixty percent. And the second group about forty percent. So the the first group is bigger. Well then I come to my uh personal preferences. Uh yeah the first question is uh also we have to ask is at the which market do we aim at. Uh of course n uh saying we aim at the young group doesn't say that old people won't buy it. But less of them will buy it. Um well I uh Okay. What I thought, um even young people say it's hard to use, remote control. So if you make a remote control that is uh very easy to use, that's especially aimed at this group, even uh the young group will also be more interested. And um we can make special features. But uh I think it looks nice in the first time. But when use it, uh I don't know what's uh good thing of speech recognition. Um well th uh that's my second point. Uh less important functions should be discarded from the remote control. It's about discussion we had earlier. Um You can find most functions on a T_V_ set. So uh you don't have to have a lot of audio options, or screen options to change the brightness. And such things. Um well the design is very important. One thing I did not say I think, is that a lot of users also said then I would uh buy a good looking uh remote control if there will be one. But they found most remote controls very ugly. So the design of our remote control is very important. And uh yeah it should be very zap friendly, as most users use it for that. That were my findings. Yes. No. Okay. Yeah maybe we can first have a discussion uh on the the product requirements you just uh said. The the requirements you just said, maybe we should first have a discussion about that. I uh personally think uh teletext is a good option. Uh not everyone um who is looking T_V_ can go to internet when they want to see the latest news. Okay. Okay sorry. Then uh Mine? It's the functional requirements. D Yeah. Do we make a menu? Uh I think it will be um q quite easy to use, to have uh uh four arrows. Up-down for channel selection, and left-right uh for volume. And uh a menu uh button. And if you press the menu button you get into the menu, and you can use the same buttons. But the then to scroll through the menu and to change the options. Uh well yeah that depends on if you have uh the menu on the T_V_. Or you get the menu on the L_C_D_ screen on the remote control. Yes. 'Kay. But well if you aim at the younger market, um a as they as uh s uh as we seen in the usability uh lab, uh they will buy a nice looking um remote control. And also to find the easy to use uh part very important. So if we have a L_C_D_ sh uh screen, and uh not too many buttons, I think that will incre uh uh even when it's a bit more cost, it will still sell. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Good idea.