No. Mm no. Um 'kay um yeah. uh some uh research uh a about um designing of an interface. Um the uh last meeting uh we had a about um uh using a f few buttons. So uh um uh that's w what I what I want to uh uh to do in uh our design. So um finding an attractive uh way to control uh the remote control. Um the uh I found some uh something about uh speech uh recognition. So maybe uh we can uh use uh that. Um Uh and uh using a little uh display. So um findings. Um yeah just um we have just to focus on the primary um functions. So uh only uh buttons uh for uh sound, um for uh on-off, um uh shifting u up uh sa uh ca channel or uh down shifting down. Um uh let's see. Um yeah and Uh we uh need some uh new a attractive functions uh uh which attract uh uh people for using it. So uh it's uh like a speak uh speech uh recognition and um a special button for selecting uh subtitles. Just uh what we uh mentioned uh last uh meeting. Um and yeah overall um user-friendly. So uh using uh large large buttons. Um It's uh possible to uh uh to make um quite cheap uh system for uh speech uh recognition. Um you can think about um uh when you lost your um remote control, you can uh call it and um it gives an um sig signal. So uh uh yeah. And and uh for uh shifting up a sen uh c ch channel or uh for um uh putting out uh sound or something, you can uh just give a sign uh say um sound off or A and uh yeah. Television uh put the sound off uh put the sound off uh. Um Let's see. Uh yeah. I was thinking about the special uh button for uh subtitles, um just one button to keep it uh simple. Uh one push on the button uh you get uh uh small uh subtitles. Um double push push um, if double click, um so uh you get uh big uh subtitles, for uh people uh um uh which c f uh who can't uh read small uh subtitles. So uh Um Yeah and w we have to keep uh in general buttons uh so um we've got um the buttons we have to use. The on-off, sound on-off, sound higher or lower, um the numbers, uh zero to uh uh nine. Um the general buttons m more general b one button for shifting up and shifting down uh channel. Um also we want to uh use a little d display uh for um for displaying the uh the functions of the buttons. And um we can uh build in a function f which uh shows the channel or some uh which the t television is on. So um made a little uh picture of uh it. Um See. Um yeah. Just um we can put uh the on-off button uh over in this uh corner, um almost uh e all uh remote controls uh are using a on-off button on that place. Um so uh people uh will uh recognise uh um the button. So um D display uh of it, it's uh just a small display. Uh um you can put it uh on top. Um it's uh most uh uh place where people uh, most of looks at. So uh um and a special uh button for shifting up uh and uh shifting down uh channel, um it's uh on place where um the thumb of of the So you you can uh easily uh shift up or shift down. Um it's uh quite uh handy place. So um and uh all the f functions for subtitle uh one button, uh for sound uh Uh and uh for our design, um uh we have to discuss about it uh I think uh so uh the form of it so And that's it. Mm. Nah. But what's the function? Yeah f for loading up uh the batteries. B b Okay but uh it won't use uh much e energy uh I I believe. Uh it's uh just a small display so I believe uh it will run on one battery for um six months or f or or more. So I believe one battery uh is just enough. Uh so Okay. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh. Mm. Mm. 'Kay. Yeah. But uh is uh our uh research um about um bi large uh L_C_D_ sh uh display, or uh just a small one uh we want to uh use? Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh I dunno. Mm. Mm. Uh is it possible uh to make um changeable uh case. So um uh you 'cause uh Yeah with uh mobile phones uh uh so uh like the Nokia mobile phones, uh when you can change the case of it. So maybe it's possible uh possibility. So um um you have just to make one um standard um remote control, and um yeah you can sell uh few uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. okay. Mm. Uh we can just use the regular form of it, but it's um not quite uh fancy. So um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For uh Uh for Yeah yeah. Mm. Yeah we um Is it possible to um program it s so uh you got on the left side uh or on the right side uh buttons for for shifting u up and shifting up? And on the uh other uh uh o other side uh buttons for uh shifting, uh for for the sound? Or Or isn't it? Yeah okay. Uh. Mm. Yeah but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See um yeah. Or we have to make a left uh For lefties and Um You mean um Yeah if Mm no. Yeah. Um Yeah. It's just uh u using uh your thumb. So um it's Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. So um Do you say this um S uh Uh you got like uh sort of a I believe There? So um you want to put a display over here? Or not? Yeah. Um Yeah. Uh we can make it um Mm? That's the top. So uh this top. This down. Um maybe it's possible to uh make this side like um Let's see. Um Colour uh okay. Uh to make this side um like mm the right colour. Um bit like so uh um in the form of your hand. So um Uh it's an So so the remote control have to um lay in your hand. So uh it's possib um yeah for s so and And to put uh the the buttons for um changing uh the channel uh over here uh Yeah. Uh rem Yeah but this place um Uh it's Yeah I dunno um Yeah. Yeah so So Five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. But um the on-off button, um still on the top uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.