Hi Um I'm Mandy and I'm the Project Manager . And I know all your names again , Courtney , Fenella and Amber . Okay , here is our agenda for this meeting . Um tool training , we're going to , I guess , figure out what to do on this project with our individual roles . Um we're gonna make a project plan and then have some time for discussion and close up the meeting . We're gonna make a new remote control that's um original , trendy and also user-friendly . We're gonna have discuss the functional design first , how is it gonna be used , what's the actual goal here , it has to operate T_V_ , blah blah blah . And then the detailed design , just more in-depth , get the actual schematics of the remote . First we're gonna start off by using our tools . I think we should forgo the whiteboard since we can't actually see what we're writing . Um right now so we're all gonna draw our favourite animal and then sum up our favourite characteristics of that animal . Um the selling price for our remote is going to be twenty-five Euro , and our profit aim is fifty million Euro . We're going to make this an international product marketed in the States , in Europe , in Asia . And um our production cost to make that profit is gonna be a max of twelve fifty Euro per remote . Um here are some topics that we might be able to discuss . Expe our experiences with remote controls um , our first ideas about this new remote , anything that you can bring to the table for this project . Well , we wanna make a multifunctional remote , It needs to be compatible 'cause universal remote controls are never universal . and um another thing that I think is important is the d the design of the product , how it feels in your hand . They want the ergonomic ones . If it's just flat and kind of boring th those don't Nobody wants to buy those any more . What kinda battery would we want to use ? Double A_ . So double or triple ? it's okay , we don't have to decide about it now , you're going to think about the working design . And U_I_D_ , the technical fun functions design , And the marketing person , that's Courtney , is going to do the user requirements specification . 