Okay we're back for the conceptual design meeting . Um we're gonna open it and I'm gonna keep the minutes as Project Manager . We're gonna have three presentations , And then we are going to come to decision on the remote control concepts Okay , so trend watching . fifty eight per cent of the decision of what it should look like , fancy versus functional , and then it has to also be technologically innovative , and yet easy to use . So the customer basically is confused . So in Milan and Paris recently the trends have been showing that clothing , shoes and furniture are basically just covered with fruits and vegetable patterns . um and also the spongy feel is in in contrast to last year . Um . But as for the fruits and vegetable patterns , I don't know if we really want to go with that , um we need easy to read like large buttons , clearly labelled And I was thinking about different types of designs and I came up with something . So what we could do is something like an old-fashioned telephone where we put the buttons around , like we'd put a big on-off button or something else in the middle , So it's classically retro . looking at the interface concept , it's gonna be mostly examples of possibilities of where we can go with this . Um uh can't really see , but there's two possible ways , on the r left , if you see on th on the sides of of the remote , you have the sort of scroll down , And then on the right , we have what's really big trend right now , it's the iPod . and it's sort of like you have the both kind of trendy and hip , but also very sleek and um and very simple , but technologically advanced . Um there's the idea of like being able to do it by feel as well as by um by sight . for example you have a specific triangular shape that you know you're looking at the up and down arrow . Um this is particularly geared towards children . Um and you have the shapes and it's very simplistic and friendly looking . and then down at the bottom you have the logos and that's where you could put the R_R_ , Real Reaction . But it's sort of like just taking aspects out of that and saying , well out of this one we like , you know the round section of um , b or we'd like the the button size on this . So basic remote operation runs as follows , we need rubber for buttons , aluminium for battery y contacts , integrated circuit which consists of a diode , transistor , resonator , resistors , and a capacitator , um contact discs for the buttons , plastic for the casing , and a power-source , whatever power-source we've actually determined we want . They suggested power options , solar cells , hand dynamo , and kinetic power , Um I'm not sure how the hand dynamo works , We can offer options for casing such as straight , curved , double-curved , you know , very specific to the customer . Um certain restrictions do apply here though . And uh so you functions what for the buttons , scrolling function could be very beneficial to us instead of actual buttons themselves . Um the manufacturing division also has said that um they have several types of chips and they've just developed a sample sensor or sample speaker chip , which we could utilise . Um push button requires a simple chip and scroll requires more complicated chip . Let me just add one more thing that I couldn't say before , and that's just that there's the new technology that they've developed on the voice recognition . um there's a sample sensor and there's a sample speaker unit for So , you would say like , good morning , coffeemaker , and it would respond , good morning , Jill , I'm not sure exactly how it's gonna work , 'cause do you programme do we program the responses and the questions . I feel like voice recognition would be , I don't know , w it would be too hard to really If it's within our price to get that kind of chip that would , you know , technology But , I guess , we have to look at w what our production cost is for the chip itself anyway . let's let's see if we can decide what kind of energy source we want to have first and foremost . Um . It's not gonna be a huge universal remote . 'cause it still fits in your hand , so you still wanted something that's comfortable and substantial , but not necessarily full of buttons . If we do a voice-activated locator , though , we're gonna be looking at a more substantial chip . Honestly , I think the customer would be kind of irritated by the fact that it has a base I think if we had a a locating device with the small one , I think that seems way more advanced . Okay , so what kind of material do we want to be made out of ? I don't think wood is a viable option . 'Cause I was thinking if we wanted to get the high in market then you could produce a few in titanium , I I think we should just focus on one design and one concept right now.I'm not sure that we'll have the time and money to produce a whole array of uh since we're going with batteries instead of solar power , I'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex , because we could produce , you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour . um we could do f a cherry cover for this year So we could do like a b a hard base plastic , and then we could give two latex covers to start . Are we gonna go with the voice activated I think we should just do um the recognition for when it's lost , you know . because people could just be talking and we don't want it going off all the time . Uh and what size batteries , double A_ , triple A_ ? or we could do one small lithium , I ki I kind of like your idea about the retro phone dial , because w And then would the buttons be too small if it was enough to fit on it ? 'cause if you have the circle and the button in the middle , then is it gonna get wider than your your hands are , which I think if we make it curved like a hand like a hand-shape like if we put the the scroll-button on the side , Well , the other option is in instead of a scroll you just have the buttons up on the side which are on the side . Well I sort of like having the a yellow strip at the bottom with the R_R_ like that . I think maybe we should do it on a b button itself though , or if we're going for the retro look , I think , like a really shiny black would be cool . or like a gun-metal grey , I'm just really wary of the putting anything on a button . It'll wear off . so I was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be . Like a little cut-out kind of Um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact , they could illuminate yellow . The I_D_ is going to do the look and feel design , the U_I_D_ the user interface design . Okay , and right now , the I_D_ and U_I_D_ , you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay . I think you're going to get a lot of , I mean , the final say on what buttons get put 'Kay . And you're gonna do some product evaluation . 