We've got a cool prototype . everything uh that we wanted we wanted it to be ergonomic and to be made out of rubber , Double curved . um but also something that was gonna jump out at people , So uh I think if you put this in the palm of your hand , you'll see what a nice thing we have going here . So , basically , if you hold it like that , the one on your thumb , yeah , the thumb button is the power button . Your index finger is channel up , middle finger is channel down , Um and then then you can also there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the to the channel if you want . but we think it's very comfortable and very innovative and it looks different . That certainly does . I have one thing about it , but it's a small thing , but it'd mean we'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one . But , that's I don't see why that's not possible . like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family , what , they have two remotes ? Yeah , I know I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer for the whole the same computer the fes family and they have a mouse , and everybody is using right-handed mouse . I think everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so But we can have both uh Have them in stock . I think it's , well , if the R_R_ motto is , we bring fashion to to electronics , I'd say that could be quite fashionable . And it's got the b the black and yellow and blue . One thing I do need to do we need to look at , is the costs . I could do you know , I can do this o on my own or I could do it with you , but it's just easy enough to go through it with you , so we're going for the kinetic power . So the case , we've gone for the double curved . and it's made out of rubber . well they're in diff special colours , Special form , We're under budget . That's gonna cost ten ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make . And our target was it had to come in at under twelve fifty . so we evaluate each criteria . And we have to do it on a scale of one to seven , one being true , so it's it's more like it's fits the criteria , and seven being as in it doesn't fit the criteria . So the does remote look and feel fashionable to what we talked about ? I would give it a seven . As in it's not . Oh sorry , one , d yeah . Second criteria , new technology . Well , the kinetic thing , yeah . w every everything else was fairly simple , but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new . Maybe three , yeah . So criteria three is is it easy to use ? not if you're left-handed it's not . If we're gonna have one left-handed and one right-handed then I would give it a one , but otherwise otherwise a two . 'Kay , criteria four is costs . It's come in under budget . So that's a definite one . Amount of buttons . Contains only the necessary buttons . R_S_I_ is it good against ? Yes . Very good . does it get lost ? I don't think it's gonna get lost easily . But it is smallish . I mean , you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically , but So that's the evaluation , Number one product . Okay , I I think um I just wanna put in as Project Manager the you know , little bit of praise for everybody here for how they've worked on it , during our design I mean there was some s some heated heated discussion , but we we kept we tried to keep it cool and and um and then come together and worked in , you know , integrally , you know , at the right times , and be you know , has been good communication going on . Now you guys have been a a great team . and I think we've co we have come we've come up with something new , something that hasn't been done before , I think when this meeting's finished like officially , there b we'll get a uh questionnaire to fill in . I mean , since we saved on the on the production cost , do we know how much we're making on profit ? I think actually and one advantage of of this is that after the uh , you know , after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be c a cool remote , you know . Um how does everyone feel about the technology that's been used in this ? The sort of using of the the pens and writing on these special pads and all that ? I love it . I love it . I think it's cool . Um , but a p a pen with a camera on it , I don't think it's such a new thing . It would be different if it was sort of hand writing recognition stuff , but as it's not it's literally that'll come up on a computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text . I think they do want to do hand writing recognition on that , it's just the first step . 