This is our conceptual design meeting . I'll just take a few minutes and uh go through the previous minutes . Um then each of you will have your presentation , um and then we will need to make a decision on the concept for the remote control . Um we decided that , or we know that we need to use company colours , company logo . our Marketing Expert uh gave us some i uh information from interviews with a hundred different remote users . Um with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before . Um which were all things we were thinking we would wanna make it simple . Um And that it should look different than what's out there . Um uh I think we decided that um the expense was not necessarily worth it , Um and that we didn't wanna go with a universal remote , because uh increasing cost and increasing complexity . I believe then we came up with a couple of ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be . Um Um something that will fit into uh easily into someone's hand . And with a scrolling um function also . I was given a brief executive summary , and then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at . Um okay the most important finding was that the fancy look-and-feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look-and-feel design , Um the second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative . And thirdly the remote would be easy to use . And again these are all things we've kind of already come up with on our own , but this just backs it up . As far as fashion update , we've learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths , shoes and furniture . Um and also , as opposed to last year , this year the material is expected to be spongy in feel . Um I think we've already discovered that it's kind of hard to go away from the traditional rectangular design . But I think that , even if it's very subtle , we need to kind of trick our consumers , We brought up the idea of having two pieces , which we could discuss further . We need to keep it simple , have limited buttons , so they at least get the idea that they're getting something that's new and modern and sleek and Um we need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables . So maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable , I mean I guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape of a fruit or vegetable . Or with exterior designs . Possibly uh like a cover like they have for mobile phones ? Personalise your remote . Um I was sent some information from the company saying that they , the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology , where you can program questions into such devices . They gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question , you program the answer , and the machine responds accordingly . There's different ways of a user can use products l like a remote . Um there's a graphical use , where you you look at pictures and well on a screen . A command line where you obviously type things in , and you get a response . Um and then it ju that's just to point out the sort of inconsistent u sort of use of interface in remotes . Um this is the voice , there is a voice recognition remote control , which can control mus multiple devices . So , then I had a look at new products that are on the market . And then on the right is obviously an iPod , and all that is is just a a nice big scroll menu that y you sort of go through . And nothing's simpler really . Um then there's things like this , which is a a a kid's remote , where the the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before . So I don't know if there's a possibility of having one remote contr you know like we just had two components , Maybe we've so suggested this two-part thing , where if it was to have a speech recognition thing , And then just have the simple sort of hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier , as the actual remote . it could be a graphical display , the actual remote contr the actual control port maybe could have like an iPod where you just sort of control through the menus . The details of the components' design , as you can see there , what we have is the board , main board of the remote control . top left side you can see the chip , which is the , what we were talking about , this was is the device to recognise the signals the input , Its job is to wait for you to press a key , then to translate that key press into infrared light signals , um that are received by the television . Um we are talking um this this the simple and cheapest version at the same time . We are talking something more complicated of course , it's going to be more expensive as well . Um we are also restricted in the use of our outer shell , or in the material that we could use for our outer shell . So we what we can use is plastic , rubber , wood and titanium . Can also mix these . Um what we could use is , or what I was offered , or what we could use , is a basic bateer battery . So um obviously I personally have to say that dynamo is out of the question really . Um solar cell is interesting . May fail though , every here and there . Um the kinetic energy thing um might work , um but the same problem . You leave it lying around and you first have to shake it before it it starts to work . So I'd say what we're stuck with really is um the basic battery . our interface options are push-buttons . however when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod I've one big objection and that is that we have to fit an L_C_D_ into the remote control as well . If we have a more sophistic uh sophisticated scroll wheel rather than this very basic uh set-up that we that I've just presented , um the chip has to be more s more sophisticated and thus more expensive as well . solar cells cannot be used on a curved or latex um surface or um remote control . With the titanium um we cannot make it a curved design . With plastic , as I understand it , you can use any form . With rubber we could uh sh pretty much shape it the way we wanted it , but we cannot add scroll wheels , and we cannot add an L_C_D_ screen . And um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit . Is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ? You could just sell it in different colours as well I suppose . I would say , if I were to make a decision , I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower lower end of the spectrum of of importance . I think having a shape could be a little ridiculous , How about um affecting the surface of the actual um remote control ? Say we don't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously , but uh give it like the surface of an orange , banana , whatever . So is the two piece idea out ? Well we sort of rid of that because gonna use a battery . Well we can still design a two-piece uh remote um without having a base , having one of them be a base station , Okay when it comes to the chip-on-print , as I said , the the more advanced features you want , um the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive . Energy source I think we've , I think we've decided batteries , although not exciting , are probably our best bet . So I guess the case would be plastic , with Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it . It's more of a su it's more of a supplement maybe . So then for the scroll , are we going for the iPod type ? Yeah I think so . Which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right ? Um Ryan you'll be working on the user interface design . Um Manuel you'll be working on the look-and-feel design . Corrine we'll want a product evaluation . And the two of you get to play with the uh modelling components and uh maybe and and get us a prototype . basically just be working on the prototype , uh we'll accomplish your other two actions . 