Well on the agenda for this , um , for this particular meeting , we'll have your three presentations on what you've done since our last meeting , after we came up with um some general ideas of our design . And , um , then we have to make some key decisions on , on our remote control concept , and how we're gonna make it , what uh materials we're gonna use , and that sort of thing . The meeting will be forty minutes long . And um we will once again have Poppy as our first presenter . Um , first of all we have to look at how the remote control is actually made , Um , thes main internal feature is a circuit board , which contains all the elec electronics and also the contacts with the power source . Um , there are several components of , um , the circuit board that we need to consider , where we'll be getting them from , what they'll be made of . Um , including the integrated circuit , which is also known as the chip . Are they all included , like mandatorily , or r are these different options ? they're all separate , apart from the chip , which we will probable decide whether we buy a simple , a regular , advanced . so we've got flex flexibility with colours and things , with that as well . Okay , there are lots of different possibilities for the energy source . We could use a basic battery , There's a hand-powered dynamo which is a sort of thing that was used for torches fifty years ago . Kinetic energy is something that's been recently developed . Whereas kinetic energy is a new idea that's being used by some watches and other devices , where you just shake the device and it gives it power . Um , or there's solar power , which we've been considering inside a building , which is where it's gonna be used , might not be quite so useful . Um , lots of considerations for the case , like what sort of shape it would be , curved or flat . We don't want something that's huge and you can't pick up . we could use metal , we could use rubber which might be more um ideal for the anti-R_S_I_ . Um , titanium is not gonna be possible , even though it just it beyond our budget really . Um right our choice for buttons as well . with our research team have found some uh new multiple um option scroll buttons . they're basically quite a flexible design , modern , you don't have to use individual buttons . Um one thing with the scroll buttons though . we would have to have an L_C_D_ um and the glow in the dark thing might be difficult . Um , also we've got the integrated pushbutton , which is what we're most familiar with . My personal preferences ? I think we could go for the kinetic energy source . It's not been seen before , so it could be quite a , a novelty factor , And also energy saving 'cause you're producing the energy , you don't need an external sort of battery supply or solar panels . Rubber casing I thing would probably the best , if we're going for the anti-R_S_I_ and like more choice with um aesthetics . And probably the regular chip as opposed to the simple , Another thing is it might be more difficult if it's a rubber exterior talking about putting on interchangeable plates . Maybe if the , um , if it was just kind of a , more of a rubber coating which was on to a case . So , it was kind of , the whole thing would be removable . you can get sort of outer casing for iPods and something , that's just it's protective as well . So the actual remote would be hard plastic and the casings rubber . is it possible to put designs onto this type of rubber ? As far as I know . It should be . Or I dunno if you could have a battery pack . Like as a backup for something . you were saying about um solar power ma maybe not working indoors , but a lot of calculators , yeah , have solar power . May maybe that could be the backup . I think that might be a little impractical though . Like if the kinetic thing , I think what's best about that is that it's instant energy . Um , I'm just gonna go through the interface concept with yous now . Uh , first of all I'll explain what a user interface is . Um , there are two types of user interfaces . There's the graphical user interface , which emphasises the use of pictures for output and a pointing device , for example a mouse for input control . I'm not really sure about the pictures that maybe that's on an L_C_D_ screen . Um , because command interface requires you to type textual commands and input at a keyboard , so the numbers are sort of like a keyboard . So you must , for the graphical user you must need some kind of presentation for the graphics . Like an L_C_D_ screen . It'd be more a command interface , But if we're having a simplified display anyway , w that , we probably won't have to focus so much on that . It'll be more the on the numbers and the volume . No I think it's to do with the actual symbols that are on the , that's on the buttons of the remote control , I think we're gonna go with the command interface anyway , to make it more simplistic . We , we also have to keep in mind when we're designing our , um , more user-friendly remote control , that a lot of interfaces consist of a clutter of buttons , that their functions , colours and forms aren't always helpful . It can be a bit , yeah , overwhelming . But what about the lighting up effect ? Um , well , um , I thought we had um decided that we would if you touched one of the buttons they'd all light up . I kinda pictured it as kind of coming from the sides and lighting it up frontwards . I'd assume , like , an internal light , that comes through . So there would have to , have to be some parts maybe transparent around the buttons , or something . and well rubber is a more translucent product too , so we have that taken care of . Each face could have its own colour of buttons maybe ? 'Cause if it's just like constructed in the same way as like the front cover of a mobile phone . You can like take off the hard cover and then there's the like say the buttons . I don't think it would matter that the buttons were bigger through the , the top casing . this report is about uh trend-watching . And the recent fashion update , uh , according to fashion-watchers in Paris and Milan , is that fruit and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothes , shoes and furniture . Um , also , in contra uh in contrast to last year , the feel of the material is expected to be spongy . um of course , as we , we've already talked about the personal face-plates in this meeting , and I'd like to stick to that . The fruits and vegetable themes , I don't know if that's going to work for us . Um , the temporary light-up idea , sounds like we're gonna stick to that . Yeah , it's the fruits and vegetables is the only area that I find rather jarring . It's , it's a little but it , it's everywhere . I think we possibly could take a more abstract design . Like look at the basic shapes of different fruits and vegetables . I mean we don't have to make something in the shape of a strawberry , but it could have the curves of a strawberry , or something . I dunno if you all remember from our kickoff meeting , we talked about our favourite animals . So maybe there could be animal-based , you know . Energy , we've decided on kinetic , right ? I , I think we should just like take uh advantage of like using this to its full potential . It could even be one of our selling points . I think we decided on the pushbuttons , right ? Would we need a more advanced one for uh the lighting , the interior lighting system ? So regular chip . Uh , so that's the simple . is regular not simple ? because of the lighting that we've decided to put in as well . Well , I guess plastic and coated in rubber . yeah , interchangeable plates . and supplements . What's that all about ? what we're gonna do about the cluster of button functions , colours and forms , in the in consistent use . We haven't really decided what to do about that . just just the basic button functions . Like we , I don't know if we can make a remote that would be universal to all the different kinds of So we're just going for power , channels , volume , Should we have audio ? it's a problem with the international uh appeal , I think . Um , if we have audio because we don't know how other televisions work . 'cause it , mm it is a good sales ploy to say , aren't you annoyed with remote controls that have all these buttons . We can just go for , make it a selling point that it is just the basic . And , okay , in closing , 'cause we only have five minutes . Um , you'll be working , Poppy will be working on the look-and-feel design . and um the user interface design , so this is where the trendy stuff comes in . And you'll be evaluating the product . Poppy and Tara will have to work together , using modelling clay . And , um , your personal coach will give you the rest of the information of what needs to happen . Um , I just have one question about the whole fruit and vegetable aspect . seeing as that was the most popular thing that came up out of your market research , I thi I think we should keep to that rather than moving to animals or something , are you gonna come up with casing ideas ? Like f five different Um , having the numbers kind of like , not a bunch of grapes , but you know like purple and kind of in a triangle . what do yous think of this ? Yeah you can have some fun with the buttons , it's true . I guess what you i ideally you'd kind of think of age markets as well . So it's a something that will , you know , appeal to the fifteen to twenty five year olds . 'Kay we'll stick to the fruit and veggie theme then . 