Um the agenda for this meeting is um we'll initially have the prototype presentation by our two designers . And then we will evaluate it , given the criteria that um that we gave gave it . And um talk about our finances , whether we were under or over our budget . It's a pretty simple design . It's um based on a mango ? And we have the company logo here where's the L_E_D_ ? It's in the middle of one of the little R_s . And then the other one is the power . So it's palm-held . buttons are accessible from your thumb . And this is just if you've got like eleven or twelve or thirt the plus . So one plus one would be eleven , You press a plus button ? I've never heard of that kind before . but if if I wanna go to say number like sixty five , channel sixty five , if I press the six it'll go to channel six , and then I'll press the plus , and then it'll go to six and then put the five and it'll go to sixty five ? we can further define that . I wouldn't have thought it'd be a problem that it went to channel six first , in like on the way to channel sixty five . like as long as we realise that's what it'll do . Well the there is a there's a delay on remotes I think . um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers because we thought that's kind of a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb . And it might actually help with the repetitive stress injury as well . Um and the feel of it , I mean , we've made this out of Play Doh , which is representing the , you know , the rubber , and the spongy rubberness . Okay , as for the colours , we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype . that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use . Um and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit , But we're thinking that , seeing as we're having it in interchangeable casing anyway , like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green , Banana's more representative of our colour scheme , like the company the yellow and black . or vanilla might be the most popular if it just uh blends in we thought of the components it was definitely um a focus of ergonomics and just a single ha handheld device , And so now that we've we have a prototype , uh we need to go over the finances Do you need to do a presentation first ? Evaluation criteria is next in line . Um , we're gonna be doing an evaluation report together based on the protoptype that we've just seen . Um and looking looking back at my notes from our both our conceptual and our functional meetings , um I made a list of what our original requirements and goals were , Um and we're gonna do it on a one to seven scale where one is true and seven is false . So basically the lower p the lower the points the better . Do we have a fancy look-and-feel ? We've been quite successful with the rubber coating The look is a little bit more playful . Yeah I guess that depends on your definition of fancy , I mean th the colours we were given for making the prototype aren't the colours that I think we would've necessarily chosen . I mean diff if you can visualise this in nice colours I think it would look quite fancy . I kinda I like the potato look . It's a two ? Okay so question number two was is it techn technologically innovative ? So I know we have the kinetic energy which is very innovative . and the use of the rubber . and we don't have any scroll buttons , it's all pushbuttons , there's no L_C_D_ control , so if we're thinking about the rest of the market , it's sort of probably halfway . we didn't want it to be any more innovative than this , because then that would've defeated the purpose . we'll put three , but I think we actually reached our goal . Uh , will it be easy to use ? Yeah . One . you can't really get confused with that . The plus number thing . But once that's figured out , it should be fine . Is this a good-looking remote ? Again I think the colour comes into this . I think that the logo could be smaller . Remember the management said that it it had to be prominent . I like the appeal of it being like a big glob in your hand . where's it gonna sit in your living room ? the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit . But then it wouldn't sit as comfortably in your hand . Would we wanna show it off to our friends ? Okay , so should we say two for that ? will people be willing to spend twenty five Euros on this product ? I think we have to market it in the right way , that um to say that it is simplistic . And the kinetic energy part . No , I guess , I don't know much about the remote control industry , how much your average sells for , About ten pounds . But you don't have to buy batteries . So in the long term this can actually save you money . I would give it a two still though . Does this prototype match the operating behaviour of the average user . I think it does very well . easy to use . Okay so one ? Will this remote control be easy to find when lost ? is the alarm system still was it implemented ? But I mean it's not obviously obvious from the outside that that's gonna happen 'cause you can't s particularly see an alarm . I thought the light from the inside was gonna light up . You press the button it makes a noise It would just be a little speaker on the back or something . We can give it a one , because compared to every other remote ever m ever made , this one will be easier to find . Will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new ? it's eas they'll pick it up and they'll know what to do . The plus thing needs to be worked on . we'll say yes it's uh one ? Uh , will it minimise the effects of R_S_I_ , I think so . We may have to do some more research into other strain injuries that we don't know about . Two okay . Did we somehow incorporate the company colour and logo ? Well , yeah the colours are yellow and grey . So it could be grey on the banana one . I think this is the Four I think . Um , did we stay true to our motto and put the fashion into electronics ? But maybe more like two Alright so based on this evaluation , do we average them out sorta thing ? Yeah it is one point nine . So we need to tally up how much our w our product will be costing . Um we're using a regular chip . Um , it's cur it's double curved , so its curved all around . Um , we're using plastic and rubber , So it's like special colour well we'll have two colours Well one colour for the case , one colour for the buttons . So um our operating cost is twelve twenty Euros . I mean we weren't really given a lot of time , or materials , yeah , to go about our design task . Like we were very creative in in coming up with an idea I guess , but m and like if we had decided to use the L_C_D_ screen , and like solar power backup and everything , then we wouldn't have been able to afford that . Good leadership , I think we stayed on task . and also our personal coach helped us along the way , We never were pushed for time , or sat around doing nothing , so I think we worked great as a team . We needed more Play Doh colours . The computer programmes are good . Yeah well I guess we really it we bounced off of each other , Fantastic . Thank you very much . 