This is the functional design meeting . Okay , here's the agenda for the meeting . After the opening um I am going to fulfil the role of secretary , take the meeting minutes . And we're gonna have three presentations , one from each of you . First we need to determine the user requirements First I want to discuss the goals of this meeting . And then we're going to determine the technical functions , what is the effect of the apparatus , And then lastly we're going to determine its working design , how exactly will it perform its functions , the function of a remote control , as what uh we've been informed , is basically to send messages to the television set , for example , switch it on , switch it off , go to this channel , go to channel nine , turn the volume up , etcetera . whether that means like um we can go and decide the brightness of the screen , things like that , all the more complicated functions of menus . And we can decide if that's what we want , , um if we want to include that on the remote , if that's something that would stay on the T_V_ itself , for example . These are two examples . Um and you can see on the left , it's got a lot more buttons , And then on the right , it's a lot more simpler , And then lastly , it's just the questions that we want to consider like what functions do we want it to include , and how simple , complex it should be ? Now we have Courtney with the functional requirements . okay so we tested a hundred subjects in our lab , and we just we watched them and we also made them fill out a questionnaire , Seventy five percent think they're ugly . And we need we need it to be simple , yet it needs to be high-tech looking . So What do you mean by um the current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user , like they have to press the buttons . I I think it's like the engineering versus user , and users don't really need all of the buttons that are contained on there , because they only use ten percent of the buttons really . And so people say that they typically lose it , and R_S_I_ , I'm not very sure what that is . Do we really need t to provide more information on what R_S_I_ is ? Uh yeah , that's what my web site said , I think that we should go with something that's more user-friendly . And also we found our team found that speech recognition is it's like an up-and-coming thing Didn't they um didn't our rival companies manufacture a remote that you would press the button on the T_V_ and it would the remote would beep so if you have lost it We could definitely include that if we wanted to . 'Kay . Uh I didn't get a chance to complete this one , 'cause some of the tools that I was given were frustrating . We need a power source , we're gonna need a smart chip if we're gonna make it multi-functional . Um extra functions will probably need an additional chip . Um power source , I figured , batteries , Typically a remote has either two double A_s or four triple A_s , sometimes three . so a large on-off button would probably be good . Um extra bulb could just be for flashiness , but the other bulb , I think , is good to just to indicate , I'm doing something , it's sort of like a reassurance . Like that we know the battery's working . We should make it glow in the dark . Well , should it be larger buttons in general , I think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles . New product requirements . First it's only going to be a T_V_ remote . so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote . But it's becoming out-dated now , because of the Internet . Nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news , Would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? Because I think even if something has large buttons , as long as they are not childishly large , like even technically non-technically challenged people are gonna use it . so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range we we need a like homing device . and if you d leave your phone somewhere , you push the button to find it , and it finds th the phone beeps for you . And on the charger , just like a phone , like you get a portable phone and it's got a charger , Well , if you have the base , you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery . Rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually . If we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled uh demo demographic . It's really the people twenty five to thirty five . and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too . And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo . We could just have the logo in yellow , The I_D_ is going to work on the components concept , um U_I_D_ the user interface concept , and you're going to do some trend watching . or maybe a yellow light for the keys . If you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottom the base of it , just like yellow with the R_R_ . So no D_V_D_ , no TiVo , no stereo . Well , do we wanna include the numbers like zero through nine ? Well , we definitely need those . So we've simplified , we don't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind , or no menu buttons . So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off , volume , mute , channel up and down , um the numbers Yeah , audi audio settings and screen settings , we need those or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself ? I think that that's fine just for the T_V_ . you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons . So we just have it like add a menu button then for the various things needed , 