Welcome to the meeting everyone . This is the first meeting uh for developing our , our new product . I'm Heather , I'm your Project Manager . If everyone could go around and explain their role and um , and their name . My name's Poppy . I'm the Industrial Designer for this project . My name's Tara and I'm the User Interface Designer . I'm Genevieve . I'm the Marketing Expert . And uh tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today , um um as well as planning the project , as a team we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control . Um , we want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy , um , a completely new style , so that , um , can really appeal to a , to a generation that doesn't want a simple plain kind of , uh , channel-changer . And , um , it needs to be user-friendly for , um , maybe , for an example , for people that , um , can't see the numbers as well , Yes , it's a television remote control . I believe I should be taking minutes on this right now . and then , um , after we've brainstormed and , and thought about , we can come together in a meeting and , and discuss what , what um , what kind of functional design we want to use . Same with conceptual design and detailed design . And , um , as a sort of team-building moment , um , I , I'd like us to , um , try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal and the charac characteristics of that animal . My favourite animal , which changes all the time , okay , right now it is an elk . I'm gonna take minutes while , um , you guys express your favourite animals . like all sorts of animals , but for the moment I'm gonna draw a cat , in memory of my poor cat that died recently . and it , it is my favourite animal right now , 'cause it is a large beautiful majestic creature , But I like cats because they're so independent , I think my favourite animal would be a dog , . Um , I like dogs because , um , they're so good to humans , I'm going to draw a butterfly , because I saw a butterfly yesterday , that seemed to be like the symbol of Spring arriving . So , now that we know how to use the whiteboard , um , the next , um , thing we need to address is our financial department , to meet our our budget , um , wanna make this um selling price of twenty five Euros . we can like the price to create it will be significantly less . Um , we want it to cost , uh , absolute maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents . so we'll have a hundred percent profit then ? So this is time for us to bring our initial ideas , any um suggestions that you may have so far , I find that in the dark it's often hard to know what button you're pushing . Um , we'd like to , um to , uh , make fifty million Euro . Um , and make it for an international market . I always find that in our house the remote control always goes missing . tracking device for the remote control or some signal that you could find out where it was . So maybe if you could have some kind of There's some remote controls where there's kind of a hidden panel , so all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming or something . Do yous not find that , um , like , there's a lot of , um , buttons on your remote control , and you don't know what half of them do . Are we going into kind of novelty factors here . I suppose , if we're he heading to have it , like make a huge profit out of this , it needs to be quite a universally accepted thing . And the key issue here is , is being trendy and original . Um , like you can go over your ideas , of course , in your own personal times . Um , our next meeting will be in half an hour . Industrial Designer . You'll be beginning your , your working design . Um , U_I_D_ the technical functions design will , will be worked on the next thirty minutes . and , um , we need the user requirements from the manag Marketing Expert . Um , you will get specific instructions , um , of what to do in the next half an hour . 