Um alright first off we'll just uh recap from our last meeting . Um which was we got together just to basically decide on well to talk about what it is that we were actually uh supposed to be doing , Um yeah , we're gonna hear your uh th three little presentations , o I'd like to hear who's g who's on the um from from uh Catherine actually first . Um so um for the energy sources we can have a basic battery , a hand dynamo which is which was used uh in the fifties for torches , You can have a kinetic provision of energy , Or you can use solar cells , Well , there's sometimes combinations , I mean , like calculators do combinations of battery with but also using some solar power . but I'm not sure about that indoors , really , but And uh if we want something fancier , I think the kinetic provision of energy could be nice , Think the the uh what would cost the less would be the basic battery , really . For the case of the remotes itself , um they can be a general case , which is just a flat one . You can have uh a curved one or a double curved one , Um then the case material itself , so it can be uh uh either plastic or latex , uh rubber , wood , or titanium . And th for each of them you have uh cases where for example titanium , you can't use it for if you if we're choosing a double curved case , we can't choose titanium . But if we're choosing just the flat case then we can go for anything . So that might be an idea of using the rubber , And also it doesn't break as easily maybe , Rubber , we're all we're all going we're all liking that idea ? so you can have basic push-buttons or a scroll-wheels , like you have on a mouse , um or you could have um L_C_D_ , which gives you a display . Um and if we choose double curved then we have to go for rubber push-buttons . Mean so what's the difference between a normal rubber case and a rubble doub double rubber double curved case ? Let's have rubber push buttons , hey . Um so the push-buttons themselves they can be just simple or they can be If we get an advanced chip which is um used for the L_C_D_ , the display thing , then that's even more expensive . is uh , okay , advanced chip on print , which I presume is like one P_C_B_ and that's got all the electronics on one board including the um infra-red sender ? Well , if if it's not chip on print then , I guess , you get different chip components , and you build them separately and doesn't include the infra-red . If it's something that's inside the the unit . I it doesn't affects whether the customer's gonna buy it or not . So let's not let's uh not bother with the chip on print . What about the just developed uh sample sensor ? Well , what do we need a speaker for in a remote control unit ? I'm just guessing . But it's gonna be the most expensive option , probably and it would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the T_V_ on like , turn the T_V_ on , and i turns comes on , a it just gives you a verbal response . Oh , then forget about it . so we want it rub rubber double curved . So rubber rubber keys , yeah . But the fact that this this rubber i is actually used in these anti-R_S_I_ ps specific Okay , so I'm continuing with the user interface uh topic . Uh and so the manufacturing division uh sent some some samples of of uh interface components that we might be interested in using that have been used in other products , uh like the coffee machine . they they suggested the idea of using a spinning wheel like you use on the side of an M_P_ three player like iPod . So I already mentioned the speech recognition interface . I guess , we we basically vetoed that idea . but they suggested uh , you know , going i a little bit into a a niche , but it sounded like from our last meeting we really wanted something that was general , but done well . I can give you an example here of uh , good layout and bad layout So this would be an example of bad layout , where you have volume up and volume down , but they have a V_ on both of them , so uh Uh this is the example of the giant remote that's impossible to lose . Uh so I was against the speech recognition and against going uh towards anything in in a niche sense . I didn't I didn't think the spinning-wheel or the uh L_C_ display were were crucial for us . So we're we're not gonna have any sort of display I think uh . I think we shall have a limited number of buttons , ideally , I mean a a power , channel up , channel down , volume up , volume down , and a numerical keypad . it will either have a a lock button like we mentioned or or a cover or something like that . Um it seems like we wouldn't wanna make it too busy and too sort of gaudy , Yeah , I would say mayb maybe a couple of colours like uh like a black with with yellow and somewhere , I I guess the fact uh also that we are having a rubber case uh would prevent us from having the cover function that we thought of before . Well , I'm just basically letting you know what's happening in the markets So the remote control has to look and feel fancier than the ones that already that we already have . Um second , uh it should be technologically innovative innovative . now the trouble is is we've already decided that we're going with the stuff that works already , that's cheap . I mean it's different , but I wouldn't say like a rubber remote is fancy . That's why I was thinking , Bluetooth , 'cause Bluetooth is the in thing nowadays , like it really is , they don't really care whether , you know , at the end of the day whether it works properly or not . Of course , they do . So is is the advantage of Bluetooth that you can just like synchronise it with other that would mean you'd need a television that has Bluetooth in it , which no no television does , Well , if you're looking at if you looking at something that's going to be bought by people , you have to make it new , you have to make it state of the art . Like it doesn't have to be , you know , Bluetooth , If we want something new , we need to move away from what we already have Okay . Yeah , this that's that's very good . Maybe the kinetic mo provision of energy then . It's been done for watches , but I haven't seen that for remotes , yet . Yeah , we can make the squeezing of the rubber be the be the generating like the energy generator . Next year's fashion i very much in fruit and vegetables are thm are like the theme for cloths , shoes and furniture . Okay , so we could have keys that are like a b like a broccoli key and a uh and an avocado key on them . right , we're gonna go go back to um going with the kinetic thing , and as it's rubber the feel which is in this year is spongy , Yeah , we're we're ahead of the game there . and um I'm not sure about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though . Maybe make it like fruity colours or something . The power button could be like a big apple or something . Um like I'm just thinking bright colours . Wanna make it different colours so anybody can choo like like so we could do like the pink range , the blue range , the green range , the where , you know , you have a variety of colours , that people feel like they're customising it when they buy it , even , you know , just just by the fact of choosing . from you Catherine wi your y y you know you're gonna be working on the the look and feel design . Um Gabriel , you're gonna be working on , you know come up with the the user interface design . Then basically , you two are gonna be working together on this . come up ki you know , be ab for the next meeting be able to come in and show us some some i some physical ideas . Um and I think you are gonna get a chance to play with some clay . Um and you're gonna be working on the product evaluation . We'll look into this lock key 