Welcome to the what should be the last of these meetings the um th the the minutes of the last meeting uh I think we'll take those as read , um the um th the the next uh thing we we we'll have a look at the uh th have a look at the prototypes we basically have the same kinda lay-out here you hold it like this and it gets kinda moulded to the to the shape of your hand , basically . Um on the left we've got the scroll for the volume , on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda so you can hold it and scroll , or you can hold it and and push . Uh this is the power key , um it's kinda like the biggest Uh that's the little menu key . This is the infra-red section Uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands so you can you know talk to it like that Um the logo is down down there um and has the cover on it the red bit's the cover and it kinda goes over everything and then there's holes for the buttons to come through . Um . And so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic , just kind of a light non-descript grey and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make iPod covers , so they kinda just stretch over . spongy like is something that people wanted and it just sort of stretches over But it's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers and then the buttons come through each one of 'em on the very end will have the logo with the yellow circle and the R_R_ . for some strange re reason I had it in my mind that they'd put them down vertically we could broaden the broaden it out a bit but um as you say you can just make the base a little bit bigger if we just lengthen it I guess so it comes down to the base of the hand The final product would actually stand up , yeah . I think the uh the basic concept i i is is absolutely bang on let's have a look at the um f finance . if I get the uh spreadsheet up . this is the company's uh uh costing for for various uh uh aspects of design and I I I've treated some of these slightly uh liberally given the constraints placed on us , for instance if if they require us to have it in the corporate colours , then that is not a special colour , we're just simply on batteries , the the one th the one decision I've had to make is that um we're we will have to find a s a regular standard chip to to do this with and I I um I'm I'm I'm certain that they they are around that I don't think is a a serious problem . The uh the the voice sensor is is expensive but we we made a a basic decision that that was absolutely fundamental to the to the design so that that has to stay . Um it's simply made of plastic so th that's uh that's no problem we haven't actually got a scroll wheel we we we got push buttons and and a simple uh um slider I do don't know that they're special colour . the the costings uh come in at exactly on target at twelve point five uh but I thi I think we have a a very strong case to argue that uh what what we've got is is so in innovative and uh and different that um any any slight compromise we have to make on on cost is is offset by the uh you know the uh you know the the the the concept of it being a a fashion accessory and and having the the interchangeable covers if the management expect us to be techno again fail again technologically innovative um that they they have to accept that we we can't operate absolutely within uh the constraints that they give , I I think we can argue that we we have uh come in on on budget . Um . Andrew do you want what do you want to say about um the uh yeah the evaluation Method of evaluation testing the product was to just if it met all the criteria all the conditions that we set out to set out to solve , from the point of view of the the consumer and the management . what I've been asked to do is , on the whiteboard um gauge our team response to these questions . on a scale of one to seven , one being true and seven being being false . And then at the end just take an average look at these questions . Is the device f flashy and fashionable ? I think most definitely . I'd say definitely a one yeah . and also uh technologically innovative ? Yeah , defi yeah , yeah the voice technology indeed . Easy to use ? I don't see we could've made it any easier . Uh suitable for the consumer ? Yeah definitely . I think it made we met all of the consumer Uh is it complicated ? No . Uh functional ? Yeah definitely . found easily . We've b built in the the speech , where are you , function . Does it take long to learn to use ? No , not at all . The R_S_I_ compares to the current standards , Less buttons it is sorta the the handle more ergonomically correct as well . Um will device appeal to all age groups ? I think it will because I mean uh old older people who can't manage the buttons anyway will actually probably like the like like the voice bit so we had the we had the data saying that old people will be less likely to pay extra money but the funct the increased functionality , the e ease of use of the device might make up for that . I I I think it will tend to appeal more to younger aged groups I think we can reasonably say it's another another one , in in in in my interpretation of management's instructions uh is that yes it it meets the requirement it's it's simple to use , um it's it's it's within budget , I I think we've done an amazing job one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven . Eleven divided by eleven's one so equals average of one . I think we worked well together and looked really at what the consumers wanted and what we were trying to make th this this slide here I mean the satisfaction with uh room for creativity , seemed to discuss things pretty well I think we've allowed ourselves uh as much creativity as the uh the the the product uh allows . Um I won't comment on leadership , uh teamwork I think we've uh I think everybody's uh worked pretty well together . Um we've just about coped with the whiteboard and digital pens , and new ideas found , um , again gi no given relatively everyday product , I think we've v very uh very effectively come up with a a new uh uh a new approach . Um are the costs within budget ? Yes . Is the project evaluated ? We're we're all happy that it it meets all the criteria , um Thank you very much indeed , Cool , thank you , So I call the meeting closed . Um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it's it's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves 