Um well this is the kick-off meeting for our our project . so we're designing a new remote control and um Um , as you can see it's supposed to be original , trendy and user friendly . Um and so there are three different stages to the design . So we're gonna have like individual work and then a meeting about it . And repeat that process three times . So uh you get to draw your favourite animal and sum up your favourite characteristics of it . My favourite animal is like A beagle . Uh , right , well basically um high priority for any animal for me is that they be willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family . And , yeah that they have lots of personality Well Then they're small cute and furry , and I kind of like whales . They come in and go eat everything in sight . M my favourite animal is my own dog at home . Um he's very friendly and cheery and always pleased to see you , Um so according to the brief um we're gonna be selling this remote control for twenty five Euro , And uh we don't want it to cost any more than uh twelve fifty Euros , so fifty percent of the selling price . but selling price is is that wholesale or retail ? I imagine it probably is our sale actually because it's probably up to the the um the retailer to uh sell it for whatever price they want . Um . I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all ? Well right away I'm wondering if there's um th th uh , like with D_V_D_ players , if there are zones . um as well as uh characters , um different uh keypad styles and s symbols . 'cause you have more complicated characters like European languages , then you need more buttons . I'm thinking the price might might appeal to a certain market in one region , whereas in another it'll be different , so thinking , 'kay trendy probably means something other than just basic , Like how much does , you know , a remote control cost . Well twenty five Euro , I mean that's um that's about like eighteen pounds or something , thi is this gonna to be like the premium product kinda thing or so I don't know how how good a remote control that would get you . Um . But yeah , I suppose it has to look kind of cool and gimmicky . I just don't think of remote controls as somethin something people consciously assess in their purchasing habits . I I mean one one way of looking at it would be , well the people producing television sets , maybe they have to buy remote controls . Or another way is maybe people who have T_V_ sets are really fed up with their remote control and they really want a better one or something . My parents went out and bought um remote controls because um they got fed up of having four or five different remote controls for each things the house . So um for them it was just how many devices control . So extra functionalities . So , like , I wonder if we might add something new to the to the remote control market , so in function one of the priorities might be to combine as many uses Right , so do you think that should be like a main design aim of our remote control d you know , do your your satellite and your regular telly and your V_C_R_ and everything ? maybe what we could use is a sort of like a example of a successful other piece technology is palm palm pilots . You keep losing them . W You get those ones where you can , if you like , whistle or make a really high pitched noise they beep . Maybe we could think about how , could be more , you know , streamlined . S Maybe like a touch screen or something ? Or whatever would be technologically reasonable . Um so inbetween now and then , um as the industrial designer , you're gonna be working on you know the actual working design of it Um for user interface , technical functions , Um and uh marketing executive , you'll be just thinking about what it actually what , you know , what requirements it has to has to fulfil Yeah , so it's th the functional design stage is next , I guess . are we at ma right now on the assumption that our television remote control may have features which go beyond the television ? Or are we keeping sort of like a a design commitment to television features ? I think one factor would be production cost . I mean you probably want some kind of unique selling point of it , 