w welcome to the the first meeting of uh Real Reaction's uh um development meetings for our our new television remote control . taking advantage of the uh the the latest developments in in technology and the uh the latest uh uh feelings in in consumer design and and demand and uh we want to make this the the very best product th that's possible for everybody , uh at a good price for the consumer and at a good price for the company . um I'll just go round th the table , Andrew , marketing , um m Kendra with the uh um designing the the the User Interface uh uh and Kate with the the industrial design . Um . ev everybody is is free to uh say wh whatever they want , uh everybody has a contribution to make if if if anybody wants to b briefly give their their background in fact we will do that by by going round the table quickly my name's Andrew I'm a I'm the Market Research person for this uh for this meeting and this uh project for creating this new remote control and uh yeah I'll be uh presenting information statistics on what people want to want to uh get from this new design , what people want to like and from a fashion point of view and the practicality point of view . and I haven't had a whole lot of experience in this kind of thing before Uh I'm Katie , I'm the Industrial Designer and I'll just be I guess presenting about the the inter workings of our little remote control because the the whole idea is that it's a um you know a think tank . uh and we don't want to be constrained by uh kind of convention or uh uh slides on screens or or anything else I don't want to make this meeting too structured um but um briefly um th th this is what we want to do . The the remote control needs to be original , there has to be something about it that uh other remote controls don't have um and that goes along with being trendy , uh uh you know the I want it uh scenario . User-friendly as as we all know , remote controls can be uh uh very user-unfriendly And last but not least , or indeed first of all , it it must make the company money , The uh the further work to be done is i the um the functional design , uh what it uh what it must actually do , the uh conceptual design , uh how we actually present that to the consumer and th the the detailed design i is uh how we get that into production . Uh now th the main design tool that we have available to us at the moment is is the white board and uh uh let us very quickly do what i what it says in the in the in the prompt slide here , um In fact I suggest to avoid everybody untangling themselves from the uh the the wires , that we don't do that , um everybody knows what whiteboard is so we'll um uh we'll do a virtual drawing on the on on the whiteboard of of your your own uh uh favourite animal , but le let's go round the table , Um , badger . Um probably a duck Uh 's horses , I think homo sapien and uh w we need to keep in mind here that the uh we want to sell this for for twenty five Euro um , we want to m make an overall profit for the the company of fifty million Euros so we're we're looking at selling a lot of these um ag across the the entire planet and and we're looking at a gross profit of fifty percent . It needs to cost twelve Euros fifty to make . would anybody like t like to to start by giving their o um sort of quick views of of current remote controls . I think I find a lot of them really complicated to use with all the different buttons and uh it's handiest when you have one that works both the D_V_D_ player or whatever and the T_V_ as well . Um , but that it's easy to if you can switch back and forth instead of having to press a bunch of different buttons so I think it's is best when they're clearly labelled and you can see which buttons you're supposed to use , Or anybody else , strong feelings about remote controls ? Um I think it's important that you should be able to when you when you press the buttons it'll actually pick up the signals from kind of anywhere and you shouldn't have to like contort yourself Think a lot of the time , remotes that come with T_V_ players and T_V_s and D_V_ players , like they aren't they're very boring , making a a stylish remote control would be a very like Easily put us one step ahead of the current competition . Um . Something that looks looks doesn't look like remote control . I mean do you think there's a risk if it doesn't look like remote control , people won't see it as a remote control I think something that's comfortable to hold because sometimes you get the remote controls that are just those big , rectangular things so something that's more comfortable that fits in a person's hand better . that instead of being raised out of the device uh you push into device you see , like a mouse button . remote is a piece of plastic with the big rubber buttons sticking out of it whereas if you want could all be flat I mean the only thing is if if you're watching television in a in a a darkened room um you need to be able to uh fi find the button buttons easily . But maybe they could be concave instead of sticking up to have them be kind of down must admit I don't think I've ever seen one with concave buttons , I can't think of any re remote controls that I know of that actually light up at all . Andrew have you had any thoughts yet about how we might market something we could have parallel marketing s schemes where you've got one where it appeals to people that want to have the new device that looks cool , is fashionable it's it's like uh it's one that rather than ra I wan I want rather than a kind of a need relationship with the device , I think it's this is gonna have to appeal to people that want device that can enhance their living room They they just need to be very very dependable because people sort of take them for granted it needs to be very effective , very always dependable . Uh but also if you make it too small kinda like you know how mobile phones are getting smaller and smaller um , it's just gonna end up under a couch cushion somewhere and um yeah . most I think most of the remote controls now are either just black or grey , I was just thinking of um what they're doing with mobile phones now how you can get the different um what are they called ? Like the face-plates I don't know if it would be feasible to do something with that , so people can get different different things . Again I don't think that's ever been done before , but uh maybe thinking of that , it's considering the nature of the device , maybe a second thing like a second campaign to market new facials for your to your might go a bit astray since it is the kind of thing where y you generally get one you could come up with like novelty ones , I think we've got um a good idea now . Needs to be k uh wrapped up fairly quickly . we've got thirty minutes to start looking at the um at the design in more detail . Um then we'll we will reconvene in in thirty minutes and try to get some of these ideas uh uh more formalised . 