Uh oh I've forgotten to mail you the minutes , but I will do . Um Will you guys first with your prototype um before we get to the good news ? Okay , have you got a presentation to make ? No , not mine yet . We made three for you . Um one's based on the banana , one's based on the tomato so this is the um non to non uh no buttons one , or as mm few buttons as possible , mainly speak recognition . If you do need buttons , you can flip it over , and there's some there , Well I like the feel of it , I like the feel of it . but that's the that yellow stand there represents the the charging stand . Um the black on the back is the slogan . but also we're gonna have the company name on the front , which is the little black kind of line in the middle . These are the s two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down . it does actually feel quite ergonomic , It would have to be a bit bigger . Um , obviously I don't think that's real sized . Um that's a speaker at the top , Oh that's the charging base prongs at the bottom . And um then the big red button in the middle is the on and off one . and and um we have the banana-based one too . This one is uh , I suppose for the younger audiences . Well , nice to have uh options at least . So are there any um improvements or issues or Um main problem that we have unfortunately being finance . Uh , let's just enter in the um evaluation criteria . the unit we are currently going to produce minus the extra scroll buttons , uh it's gonna cost us fourteen point six Euros . So basically , um in order to save our two Euros um I was thinking that we could have essentially the same shape , but just have it flattened . Doesn't save us quite as much . W why is the uh double curved two of them ? Oh , good point . I think it means double curved as in um like uh a single curve on that bottom half , and the double curved would be if it was that similar curve upward . and why why I've got it two , I don't know , But you think it should be one . Um okay , so that would take away three , which would give us Eleven uh eleven Euros sixty . So we could even add something . Ah yeah , we could add things . Yeah , if we're happy with the design there's no point in spending money , if we don't have to . Project process , how do we think that went ? Yeah I think we have a a winning product . Uh room for creativity , were we happy with that ? W I think we were very creative . Leadership , Great leadership . Uh teamwork . I thought went well . Yeah , everyone got enough input , I think . These pens are are neat though . Yeah , these are new ideas , like glow-in-the-dark or something like that . So just general thumbs up for all of us then . Uh Brian , have you have you finished ? At last mine is also the presentation . Oh , you got a presentation , we forgot to mention it'll be made out of kind of a rubbery latex , new material that we've got . So now is the final evaluation , final evaluation of the uh uh of our product . whether it meets our standards or not . w we together have to decide wha what rating we will give to this product and everything . We will give the rating to this product based on the user requirements , whether it meets the user requirements or not , this product . Then trends , whether it is as fashion trends or not ? Then marketing strategy of the company . Now comes the criteria rating with seven point scale . what do you think whether it meets all user requirements or not ? It had all the basic buttons that they needed as well as the uh new technology that people said they wanted . Seven is good , yeah , isn't it ? True or false ? Uh one is means highest ranking , So it's one for from your point of view . I'm gonna give it a two . Oh , I'll go for a one . Uh for me personally it is everything fine , but there is one thing which limits the customers , like we are having only two , three designs , But if a person doesn't like banana , or orange , you are limiting him . So we are showing our preference for particular fruits , Is that no is that not trends ? because whatever companies they launch their products in the shape of fruits , they give a range of products , a range of shapes , But in electronics , I think , it's not q always quite so um you don't always have so many choices as with chocolates . we are doing a very wrong thing . We're gonna average them ? About one point f one point eight . I have taken it very wrongly . Well um going on uh the specifications that we had , that fruit and vegetables are quite popular , and that people like something that is good to look at and not many buttons , I would give it um , so I would actually give it a three . 'Kay . As far as the uh technology it its' got the latest trends in speech technology , um but it doesn't have that fancy solar power or the the vibrating energy mechanism . it might be trendy to some , but I'm just not swallowing the fruit , well , because it's hard to make a fruit good to look at , that that looks cool , you know , It is cus spongy also . Uh personally I wi uh I think that in terms of trends , these products are quite good , So what about company strategy ? Well , I think it's the the remote control conforms to the the company strategy . Pretty much kept to the company strategy , so I would go for a a one , as we not only kept it , but we were limited by Uh overall we are getting two something , So we can launch it . Yeah . 'Cause we've evaluated and we are within budget . 