So is the agenda ? Opening , acquaintance , tool training and project plan , discussion and then closing . Project aim is a new remote control . It's original , uh trendy and it's user-friendly . Try out the whiteboard , every participant should draw their favourite animal and sum up their favourite characteristics of that animal . so , I guess that was the test to see if this equipment is all working . Okay , project finance , selling price twenty five Euros , profit aim fifty million Euros . Market range internationally sold . it's gotta be can't cost any more than twelve fifty to make . Next meeting starts in thirty minutes . I mean the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer what our what our ideas where . Yeah , I think we're I mean before we close the meeting , we're supposed to come up with some ideas for Oh k so we're actually supposed to be doing this discussion like right now are we or Right , who's got experiences with remote controls then ? Is this a T_V_ one we are supposed to make ? Yeah . Yeah it's a T_V_ remote control . Are we are we going for like like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we are going for something that's that's big and I mean , you want you want one remote that maybe can work uh all all of the functions of T_V_ and if you have whatever associated with T_V_ the D_V_D_ player , or something like that , but like at the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something . 'Cause I I I mean I was thinking something that's got different like maybe a a an L_C_D_ display on it that's got different pages for different devices , but that would p that would probably be quite expensive . and then after we after we've found out what we can like , some different ideas , we can then go and do the research to find out if these any of these ideas are feasible or not . So would be nice to have something that that controls lots of different things . Couldn't we have like one that comes out ? you actually just putting three or four different remotes together but making them thinner , and um into one basically . Um have uh one very complicated one on one side with all the D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ access and stuff , and then on the other side o one uh a remote control that would be very very simple with just the channel , program plus and minus , and the just the mute button , for example . I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote though , 'cause it would be very hard to use in the way that you mani manipulate it . No , but you would slide it into uh someth like something on the back would hold or something like a flip telephone , something like that maybe . Okay . Um so I mean we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface , I guess by the end of this meeting we should have at least a a rough conception I think we should also have a back-up plan of I but also devices connected to the to the T_V_ , I mean , be able to operate D_V_D_ players , things like that . 'cause I I I just think that it might be expensive to make something that but the the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the T_V_ , We should have a back-up plan of just a really good television remote control , that just that is just for a T_V_ , but it's just a really good , nice one . But what'll make it what'll make it interesting for people to buy though ? have it be like ergonomic so it's comfortable to use , Or maybe even so something that's for disabled people or big buttons for touchy buttons for I think a flip up thing , like a lock f like a lock functs function on it like you have on your telephones , User Interface Designer , that's that's so you gotta you go , you're you're gonna be the one that's working out what what buttons we need . Um . Industrial Designer , you are the one , you know , you're gonna be working out kind of box it goes in , I guess so , um Mm . Har how it works an And in marketing User requirements specifications . Do you think our two kind of overlap , because Yeah , it does seem like our our responsibilities have some overlap . You two you two are gonna be just , I think , you just double up , you know , you working together . You're the one that's gotta go and find out do th do the research , 