Um , I'm Abigail Claflin . and I guess we should all get acquainted . So this is our kick off meeting . Um Hi I'm Chiara , I'm the um Marketing Expert . I'm Krista and I'm the Industrial Designer . Um so f here's our agenda for today . Um we're gonna do some tool training , project plan and discuss then close . So our aim is to produce a remote control that is original , trendy and user friendly . Right . Functional design , conceptual design and detailed design . So throughout our next couple of meetings we'll we'll be covering these things . Um so we're gonna try out our white board . So you want us to draw it and then talk about it ? Or just draw it ? I think both . We ought to decide who starts and all that . Our selling price goal is twenty five Euro and profit aim is fifty million Euro . Um , and we will hope to sell this internationally . How many should we sell then ? well it's the profit so if a profit for each is twelve fifty , that'll do four million . Experience with remote control . I mean you always know where your T_V_ is , so just have a call button , Um , I think one thing is that it should be easy to find so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control . Um or even a maybe a vib a vibrating thing . What if it had something like um just like a magnet on the back of it I mean j just to have some place to put it besides like a base . But even just a thing to attach it to the w you know if you had a thing , a pretty object attached to the wall . Do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose , or does that not factor in ? Hand-sized . I also think though that it shouldn't have too many buttons , but like , I don't know you , just have like eight thousand buttons and you're like , no , you never use half of them . So . but what if it had like a little screen , so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions . so you can programme like your favourite channels , But , would you have the screen on the thing , or would you have it on the telly transmitting the screen . so I think it should be possible to have some kind of a screen , I mean , we have to remember our budget is twelve point twelve fifty for to actually make the device . and the other thing you said that thing about robust and water um Water resistant . maybe something didn doesn't make your hands sweat lot . Maybe um just like a simple thing to have a clip on it , like so you can clip it to your Um . We should probably start wrapping up , The Industrial Designer , um is going to be looking more into the working design . User Interface Designer . I guess that maybe the working design has also to do with like the physical feat like just the way it looks and the way it w So technical function . What is technical functions exactl What effect should the thing ha should it have , And the M_E_ , what does that stand for ? M Marketing , right . Um . So we'll be working on the user requirements , um 