so we've got new project requirements . So basically we've got three things , and we've got forty minutes in which to uh for this meeting to uh to discuss the various options . W I I got um or or three things basically , um relating to the remote being only for T_V_ . We discussed that last time Um we've got uh teletext outdated . Right and the corporate image was the uh final thing . So I I got that in email form . Okay I'm gonna be looking at the working design . Um I've just got three sections , Um the basic components are an energy source We then have the user interface , which is basically the like the the buttons on the actual remote . Um the various functions used for changing channel , uh channel up and down , volume , things like that . Um there's also a chip inside the remote which does all the computer type things . And then the sender , which um is usually , I've found , an infra-red device which sends a signal to the actual television . Um and the last part is receiver which is important in the system because that's obviously found in the television . Um I'm gonna have to actually draw on the board because uh it was a little tricky on PowerPoint to get this working , a power supply we then have a particular button , that's obviously there's lots and lots of different buttons . after you press that that sends the message to the chip , and then sends the appropriate message to the sender . that's the components of the remote So this is the uh user interface . And then on the separate thing we have on the on the television we have a a receiver . which then , and that's the that's the infra-red sender . going on to personal preferences , I've said that battery seems the best option for the actual remote , just because of the size . and infra-red um has been used quite successfully . Um and then the sender , Um . Okay so I'm gonna talk a bit about the technical functions design . Um so the m basic method of this is to send a signal from the remote to the television set , so that a desired function is performed . Um here are two example remotes . Um by the look of it they both have um kind of play and fast forward , rewind functions , so I think they incorporate a kind of video function which we won't have to worry about . Uh but as you can see , the left remote is quite um quite busy looking , quite complicated . Um whereas the right remote is much simpler , it looks much more user friendly . Um so my personal preference would be the right remote . it's got a very limited number of buttons . So , it's got nice big buttons , Um I like the use of the kind of um symbols like the triangles and the squares and the arrows as well as the words on the um kind of play functions and all that . So it's very very user friendly , But uh I got uh I got an email that basically said to uh make sure that uh whatever device we come up with at the end of the day had to incorporate um the corporate colour and slogan . Um we have to remember that we have our own um logo and colour scheme . Would you be able to get rid of the the extra buttons here , the the sort of circular section , So we could dispense with that little bit as well because that seems to be for a video as well . and just get it down to just the numbers and the volume . And I don't really think that you need nine numbers . Well uh for for general television purposes obviously you have channels one to five at this point in time , and we'd have to have some room for uh future such channels . but the the other thing is that with um the current expansion of uh channels uh in the process of taking place , certainly the button up and down , and uh there's uh I don't know exactly how many channels there are on uh when you take into account uh Sky and various other um various others . Maybe you could have a fast forward on the on the channels Um some remotes have kind of favourite options Yeah , I s I suppose in a sense you could have um if you've got a hundred channels then if you had sort of an easy way of getting rather than having to go one to a hundred , you could go one to one to ten , ten to twenty and then have a second button to get you to the actual channel you want But I think a lot of um like Cable and Sky and stuff , that would be tuned to one channel , and then you'd have another remote for all of those channels . Limit the number of buttons , But I suppose nine's not really excessive . you could get fifty by five and a zero or whatever , How many buttons have we got ? We've just got ten , eleven twelve th Well we've we've got um that it's remote for T_V_ only otherwise project would become too complex with uh which would endanger the time to market was one of the considerations . we've done some research into the functional requirements that people want out of their remote control . and um how do people use it ? We asked them sort of which buttons were useful for them . And we did that by sort of giving them a questionnaire that we'd prepared and asking them to fill in the answers . And three quarters of them found that remote controls are ugly and that a sort of even higher proportion would spend more for a sort of s uh a fancier remote control And that of all the buttons on the remote control , the sort of setting buttons for sort of the picture picture and brightness and the audio settings , um they weren't used very often at all . People concentrated on the channel buttons and the volume buttons and the power buttons . Uh we also asked them about speech recognition uh for remote control . And young people were quite receptive to this , but as soon as we got sort of over about into a thirty five to forty age forty five age group and older , people people weren't quite so keen on speech recognition . There's a lot more th there's a lot lot more older people who didn't know whether they wanted it or not as well . and the number one frustration was that the remote was lost somewhere else in the room and that they couldn't find it . And the second second biggest frustration what that if they got a new remote control , it was difficult to learn um all the buttons and all the functions , and to find your way around it . My personal preferences from the marketing is that we need to come up with some sort of sleek sort of good looking high high-tech Um and that we should come up with fewer buttons than most of the controls on the market , and we should sort of concentrate on the channels and sort of power , and also volume and that sort of thing , as as Louisa said . Um we could maybe come up with a menu , a sort of a an L_C_D_ menu for other functions on the remote control . Um and maybe we could think about speech recognition as well , because um sort of young people are perhaps the ones that are gonna buy buy our new product if we aim it at sort of you know sort of a high-tech design . And we could maybe think about using speech recogniti recognition as a way to find the remote control if it's lost in a room , rather than sort of um having it to speech recognition to change the channels . 'Cause there's a problem with that in that the television makes noise , so it could end up talking to itself and changing its channel . What was that last wee bit there ? Um about speech recognition ? But that was only for young people that preferred it , older people didn't . and they might end up costing more than our twelve fifty budget for for the speech recognition . Um . And possibly the thing about the about the remote being lost we could have You know with your mobile phone , you lose that and you can ring it . Maybe we can have some kind of sensor which is kept somewhere where you can some kind of buzzer system between the two . So you can press a button which is always kept in one place and then it maybe buzzes to somewhere else , wherever the remote actually is . Yeah , we'd have t that would mean we'd have to put two products together as well , There's key rings um that you kind of whistle at or clap at , and then they whistle back , or something like that . That'd probably be really simple , Well if you're trying to avoid having a second product 'cause obviously you could have a second product that gave you the right pitch which would set the remote off to say here I am sort of thing , you know without sound recognition . or like the same technology could be put inside the inside the remote . I mean obviously if you've got voice recognition then you can do it in that way Um I was gonna say a sharp noise , you know a clapping of hand or whatever . a set command whatever that happened to be . and you can give it a command , because it'll recognise the voice you could have an option to turn it off . Or So that would solve the problems with the T_V_ kind of speaking to the remote and changing its own channels . Um would it take quite a while to sort of develop the speech recognition software in the remote control ? Well if it does then we can't . and it seems to me that the management is uh wanting us to go down a narrow path and not opening out . So anything that uh is to be added , such as voice recognition et cetera has to be very simple and has to be very quick because time to market is is critical . S But probably quick and simple is primary rather than added extras . Uh d d I think I think first and foremost we've gotta get to the end and then get to the end with um added extras if possible . But we have to make the decisions on uh the remote control functions and how we were planning to proceed so that at the next uh meeting each person that's got a a a task to do is clear from this meeting what that task is . And if dur between the time of this meeting finishing and the next meeting starting , if you get any additional information that uh only you have at that point in time you'd think would be relevant to other people in terms of their des decision making um process , then we should communicate that as quickly as possible and not wait until the next meeting . If you get the information just before the next meeting that's fine . But if you get it well before the next meeting , let everybody else know Well , so maybe a clap rather than a whistle would be On the basis that if we've got if we're catering to the whole age range , you want something that's easy to do , Well I think it'd be really easy and it'd be a big advantage if we did have some sort of um kind of whistle back kind of function . I don't really know about the voice recognition thing . clapping , I think clapping , 'Kay we've already decided that we don't need a teletext button , haven't we ? Did we decide on having the ten um the ten numbers and then the the little digit next to it which kind of enabled you to put them together . I think nowadays you can just get ones where it gives you a sort of a second or two to press another number , I'll put delay to allow um multiple numbers . Uh we could possibly put an L_ a sort of a L_C_D_ menu in , but that again is probably an expense that you only have to probably tune in the T_V_ once , So and if finally the T_V_ breaks , you get a new one , you're gonna have to be able to tune it . the the product we've got is something that's at the I would have said the lower end of the s of the cost scale , so we're not really going for something that's uh terribly high-tech . I mean we're maybe talking about replacing remotes for slightly older televisions , so we maybe need to keep the the tuning function in . Would you maybe have like one menu button , then you'd use the other buttons , maybe the number buttons to actually do the separate functions . Yeah , 'cause you do need um kind of brightness and contrast and everything as well . Well , if we're trying to keep it slee sleek and sexy as well , have you seen those remotes where kind of um the bottom bit slides down , so there's kind of um everything else revealed ? So you don't use it that much , That is that is a good idea actually . So so keep um keep detailed functions um hidden at the back . And that'll be better for the older generation as well So um we're gonna have to have to work out what's gonna be on these other functions as as well . The detailed ones would be sort of brightness , So on front , about the number . Um the volume up and down . A mute button as well . And probably a power one as well . I know it's probably like um not an issue to raise here , but um the whole thing about not using your standby uh because of the like waste of electricity . Like we should maybe try to discourage people from standby . Yeah , it's maybe too much of a big issue for here . But then they might not buy it if they haven't got one . So so are you having the stand-by on the front , then ? Um are we gonna have the channel up and down as well as the number buttons ? Um 'cause yeah the market research said there is quite a lot of people do just zap around and flick , so . So we've got ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen there ? Numbers is ten , volume is twelve , And a mute , yeah . And then at the back ? You've got brightness and contrast . Maybe if we're gonna run out of time , one of us should come up with a list of these and then get back at the next meeting just at the start and say what they're gonna be . Uh there's audio functions . You're also gonna have the channel tuner , as it were . And then maybe sort of an enter button for sort of s you know , saying that you want that particular thing tuned in . So I think um there's quite a lot of like Dolby surround studio , surround sort of things . Do they have their own do they have their own controls on their actual products , then , Um I think they've got their own controls in this kind of like hidden panel . Yeah I suppose if we've got their if they've got their own controls then we can avoid it for ours just to keep it simple . Right so I'll do the minutes of uh this meeting . Well shall we look into that and just get back together . 