Uh as you all know we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote . Uh I'm Nick Debusk , I'm the Project Manager . Uh we'll just get started with everyone kind of letting each other know who they are and what you're doing , what your what your role is um . I am Corinne Whiting and I will be the Marketing Expert In the function design phase I will be talking about user requirement specification , In the conceptual design phase I will be dealing with trend watching And then finally in the um detailed design phase I will be doing product evaluation , I'm Ryan . Um I'm the User Interface Designer . And the detailed design um sort of like the user interface design , I'm Manuel and In the functional design phase I'm I'll be dealing mostly with the requirements , um we'll discuss what the prog what functions the the product has to fulfil and so and so on . Um um in the conceptual design um I'll be pro mostly dealing with properties and materials um of our product . And uh the detailed design in the detailed design I'll be concerned with the look and feel of the product itself , our our agenda is the opening , uh acquaintance which we've kinda done . Uh tool training , project plan discussion and then closing . we are putting together a new remote control . Um we want it to be something original . Um of course we're a not only a electronics company but a fashion um conscious electronics company , so we want it to be trendy um and we want it to be easy to use . let's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have , and then we can go into how we're gonna design it function of remote control is just just change channels is its main function . we want it to be um a T_V_ remote or I I mean do we want it to to do other things besides just be a a television remote ? I suppose you c try make it a universal remote But , you know , they all sorta have the same role changing channels , volumes and then programming . I think they all work on the same prin principle as well Um one thing I thought of with the remote control is you always lose 'em . So if there's a g a way of finding it quite easily , I thought that'd be quite good quite a good feature . So we should we should set our remote control up to where it has a uh like a tracking device you could whistle or make a noise there's a button on the T_V_ that you press and it'd beep . Generally , all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance . so they're kinda like long and rectangular . Do we want something crazy ? we want something new that's gonna stand out . Maybe sorta spherical or something . A ball . Maybe like user-friendly , where you can use both hands , like a little keyboard type thing . I thought maybe , because people always tend to throw a remote control about the place to one another and maybe the actual controls are inside or something . you can't have it be any form and fulfil all functions at the same time , Um however um one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be , How sturdy is it gonna be ? we want it to to hold up to somebody's child , you know , throwing it across the room so ball-shaped , uh you know , if it were ball-shaped maybe , It could be cased on the outside and t everything could be inside . we want it to be modern , fun , sturdy , It's something that we're supposed to sell for about twenty five Euros goals for profits are I think somewhere around uh fifty million Euros , what they wanna make on it , so . Also since we're partners of the International Remote Control Association , maybe we wanna make it something that would globally appeal . marketing , you could s find out what is the most universally um appealing remote control out there . And maybe as far as design goes , maybe we could have different ones for different target audiences , Do you guys have any ideas for what it should look like ? We want it to be a b a ball , I could draw sorta the ball idea . this is where it's connected together , and then when you open it out , it could fol it could be maybe flip , like a flip phone , Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it . I think , sometimes remotes have too many buttons , so maybe as simple as possible , um as few buttons inside as possible . if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it . um the ball is a nice idea because of it's stability really , Also also you risk the hinges here . That's that's um a problem . so we'd have to have it flat on one side at least , down here somewhere , but that's of course a weak point , yeah . I mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball ? The shape is perhaps not the most ideal . there must be a compromise between um stability and design here , so . I can't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote , it's not innovative , everybody does long remote My idea was just to have it be kind of like a keyboard type shape , you know , like video games We could also try to do the hinge thing , so it could like flip out that way . but something that would maybe fit in the hand easier . I mean maybe design something , that's sort of like So perhaps the the joystick the the keyboard idea might work better . Because even I suppose even with the ball it still not the ho easiest thing to hold , yeah . I think it's definitely got to be a a one-handed a one-handed job . if it's small it probably looks better , may not be th as functional . say we went with the ball the ball function um , but maybe we give it sort of grips along the side s um to make it easier to hold on to . But if we're gonna make it flat on the bottom , then that eliminates our ball anyways . And then we have the problem with the hinge . The question is also , I dunno , d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it ? so then we forget the ball . So we've got our sort of keyboard kind . Question is what makes those game pads functional ? I think that's pretty much the form for full hand . So it's a round shape underneath that makes it comfy , Except for that I think we'll not probably not get a get away from some longer design . and Batteries go weak as well , Is it possible to have it to where it would work with a like a sensor on either side ? So that either way you're pointing it it would work . O of course the more technology you stick in that , the more it'll cost , so . but um it's rather about an instinctual thing , Otherwise the design of or the the point of putting two sensors on both sides um would probably work . just to finish up , should we s go with this plan , And then marketing will look and see what uh what people want . it says on there what we need to do for the next meeting , I think . And Project Manager will design a better meeting for next time around , 