Okay . Um here's the agenda for our last meeting . Um after the opening we're going to have a prototype presentation , then we're going to discuss the evaluation criteria and the financing of our remote . Then we're going to evaluate the product and I think the whole production process , let's have the prototype presentation . The base is gonna be gunmetal gray , which is what we had decided , and it's gonna be plastic . Um then there's the latex cover , which is what you see as red . Um and the buttons will be a l much lighter blue , almost see-through . The whole thing lights up if you press any button , rather than it just that one button will light up . Um and then at the bottom we have our logo . And then on the side you have the buttons . and as you've noticed on our prototype um they've ended up with a curvature kind of , I think you did an awesome job . I don't really know exactly what we should uh talk about . Feel good meaning what ? Physically , Yeah , it was a little difficult to incorporate the cover with the cherry fruit on it . Okay so , we're using the criteria uh for a seven point scale , do we feel it's very easy to use ? Two . That's what I say . Okay , fashionable ? I mean like no , I think it's very fashionable . I'll give it a two , because at the moment it's not looking that way . Mm I don't think it's that fashionable . does it feel good ? And it's i it is very ergonomically designed . Alright , average is two . Is it technologically innovative ? We could do it with the chip , yes . does it have voice I mean the phrase recognition on it ? And there's no way you can represent it on here . Y so I'd probably give it a three . But it is just a T_V_ remote . It's just trendy , basically . It's capable of being squishy and fruity . So um our re model slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie appears to be a winner , Okay , so now uh we're moving on to finance , Um it's not hand dynamo , it's powered by battery , so we give it a Do I just put quantity being one battery , or this is where we need to make a final call on if it's a lithium or do we wanna go triple A_s , Oh , let's just go for a lithium . And special colour . We're really having just push-button interface . button supplements the buttons are no Um they're uh they're a special form , 'cause they're indented . Mm . Well , we're under cost then . We've got eleven point two . So we can go to production . Now we're gonna talk about the project process We think we got stifled for cri creativity by the company itself , in restricting us only to using a T_V_ remote , initially . We didn't have a whiteboard . And no internet . Oh , overall I mean I thought we did a good job like minus it being just merely a T_V_ remote we got to choose what we wanted to do with it . and we've all been a pretty congenial team here , I think . Yeah , digital pens . I really appreciated those , yeah . The use of the laptops for receiving everything . but my one issue is just like the whole it's for T_V_ only . I was like who's gonna buy a remote just for the T_V_ unless they've lost theirs . and now we're gonna complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary , 