we're going to consider um user needs , technical effects , and the working design of our remote control . Um I've been taking meetings on the minute minutes on the meetings , and I'll be putting them in the shared documents folder Um so can we have updates from everyone from what you've worked In order to see what the functional requirements were to be found , um a hundred people were tested in a usability laboratory Um , how do I put this So what happens it doesn't work ? Could you just plug it back into hers The cable might be a little loose or something . Custome Customers and users don't like the way remote controls look , they don't like the way they feel , they don't think they match their operating behaviour , and an example is what we were talking about , the buttons , they only use ten per cent of the buttons , I don't know what R_S_I_ means . So the most important buttons are those to do with channel selection . yeah so and and people like to zap a lot apparently , Channel selection , teletext , volume , and power . The other ones are the settings , and they're used less than you know zero point eight to zero point five times per hour , and this means that I think we can we could have like a a button for all the settings , and I think we should design according to these buttons . about the screen , and speech recognition , some people are more willing than others to actually pay for that . And if we look at the market , f people from well from fifteen to thirty five year old year olds , um ninety one to seventy six percent of people in that age range are willing to pay more for this sort of product , while people that are above thirty five years ol um years old go from thirty five percent to eight percent , but I think that the people that actually do buy remotes m more are those like teenagers and young professionals and um , most likely , Okay so now I need to press F_ eight , what is it ? What's function ? This my presentation about the uh technical functions design and I basically just tried to focus on um just what what functions we need and how to make that the best function for the user . And okay so basically um I think i uh like it is really important that we sort of get this done in a user friendly and fashionable way . you know keeping buttons together that like close together that um are used in the same way , keeping um but basically we need to make sure that it turns on and off the T_V_ . or do we need to have like functions for cable or V_C_R_ ? I just thought that these two remotes were pretty boring , And I think we can find something that's more fun to look at and use than either of those . uh but I mean I think we sh can sort of think about things like um like colour and you know size , shapes , that sort of thing , to best fit the user . Okay so this is on the working design , which is sort of the uh mechanical functions of the remote , Um so I think we need two basic functions which is just the basic remote functions , the user can input a channel or volume setting and it will be output to the T_V_ . And also we talked about um a location function where maybe you could press a button on the T_V_ and it would send sort of signal to the remote where it would beep or flash or vibrate or whatever to tell you where the remote is . So the components we need are an energy source to power the remote , processor to take the information , and we also need something on the remote that would receive the location signal and have an output , like possibly a beep or a vibration . Um so my personal preferences for how to build the remote would probably be uh , battery for the energy source , um a button pad for input , I_R_ transmitter to communicate to the T_V_ , and I'd probably say a buzzer for the location function on the remote itself . and then I just wanna mention some new project requirements that came in . Um , teletext is apparently outdated , so due to internet popularity , so that's off the list . Um , also our remote should be used only for television , um , Um and also we need to incorporate our corporate image onto this , So we need to make some decisions on the remote control functions . so do we wanna go ahead and design this thing with the finder button ? It's easy to implement . but uh I mean speech recognition is really hard to programme , if you consider our budget , to h have speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be a little pricey . and I was thinking , I_R_ is line of sight , so unless the remote is like actually in front of the T_V_ it's not gonna work , um so probably like a radio signal like on a on a cell phone . Yeah , so it would be a two part package . Do you still want to build a little thing next to the telly or to p hang on the wall We probably leave that . So then our target age group would be the nineteen to thirty five range , You don't need a light . And like if the if the phone's under the couch , you might not see the light , so 'Cause that that is something we have to decide , is whether we want to have V_C_R_ capabilities . And and if we're if we're targeting young professionals and teenagers , I mean it's gonna be D_V_D_ type , that's the the technology these days . I think still though , it shouldn't be that hard to take like just reduce the number of buttons you know , like 'cause if you just have like one menu button , that works like with a you know , or you can just kind of scroll through the options u that come up on the T_V_ . So we definitely want a power button and numbers . That sort of like joystick flat touch thing , yeah . like um if you can yeah if you can call it then it's Then it can live anywhere . but do you need a screen then , do you have to have a screen then ? you can have the number on the telly going like one two three four five once you scroll and then if you actually just want to zap , you can have like a thing like that , and that , and then it can just be plus and minus . Well y you have to you have to like be able to change the function of it to like w right if you're on the channel let's say , then you press on the middle and then if you do that again the volume goes up , and if you do that it goes down . But the only thing is like , iPods are so expensive , I don't think it's the wheel dealy . like it could be a cool sort of you know , because it could be circular , you know , or something weird like that , just You know actually our our new project requirements , I'm not sure if they meant o onl use only for television as in not for D_V_D_ or just not internet type things . So I'll I'll check that and update you on the next Um so everyone's gonna go finish their questionnaire , uh then when we come back after lunch we'll have thirty minutes of individual work , um yeah , so think about the things we've discussed and bring some new ideas to our next meeting . So but I'm saying like , does it make sense to have like some kind of a button , so like you're if you're on T_V_ , like you can switch channels , but then if uh if you're on D_V_D_ then like the channel bu like the the region of the disc that was for channels is for like switching to different tracks 