Um this is the kick-off meeting for the day . Um we're the new group uh to create a new remote control for Real Reaction . As you can see our agenda is to open up the meeting , um become acquainted with each other , um have a little training on tools , uh create a plan , discuss things and and we only have twenty minut twenty five minutes total . The new remote control is to be original , trendy and user-friendly . That , Steph , is your part , is the user-friendliness . The originality um is gonna take all of us . Um the trendiness we'll probably go look at for some marketing research information from you , Sarah . we'll have a functional design individual work um with meeting and then conceptual design t and then detailed design . Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard . Kate , why don't you try it first , if you can either bring your things with you , I guess we'll try and figure out how to hook these things on as well , 'cause we're all gonna have to be able to walk around . you want an animal and the characteristics of that animal . Its a sort of bunny rabbit cat . I think it's to get us used to using the pen . Not a mouse , a rat . a fish . And I think your pen's running out of whatever . we have to get down to the nitty-gritty of how to make this and this remote control has to be sold um we're to sell it for twenty five Euros , with a profit aim ultimately of fifty million Euros . That tells you something about how many um we have to sell on an international scale . would be like what , a hundred million of them um to make twenty five Euros on each one and to make a total profit of fifty million . Um the production is to only cost twelve and a half Euros per item . if they cost twelve and a half , you're selling it for twenty five , you're making twelve and a half Euros each . Um and we're to make a profit of fifty million , I was just wondering if that's the um If fifty percent is normal Um I would think would be more like sixty percent . you gotta know how many we're going to be selling to know how big a market you have to target and who is that . In order to make fifty million Euros , and you're only getting twelve and a half each four million . You'd have to sell four million . Experience with a remote control . Any of you use of remote control for a television or D_V_D_ or something ? That that that's the sorta product we're talking about , one that will work for a in a home environment , for a T_V_s and I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time , but I also have heard about them not working well or not well co-ordinated and you wind up working with this one for thi this three and then this one over here for another . that you always sit around you know , you're sitting on your sofa and you wanna change something , there's five different remotes , and one for the D_V_D_ and one for the video and one for cable and one for whatever else . And they don't always talk to each other . But I presume this is t I presume this is just for television . We could make a Hello Kitty themed remote . I think one in b bright colours would be good . I think one that works would be good . We could totally go for the Japan-a-mation . I mean there's also the cachet that um uh the Japanese make great products . I think one that doesn't have lots of superfluous functions . Like I've got one at home that has well , apart from the obvious , channels , channel up , channel down , volume , you know , subtitles , mute , there's a lotta buttons that I've got no idea what they do , like . that's a really good point , because I think one of the things that being somewhat computer literate , we tend to um go to menus and then make choices , so if it's like an uh volume button , you know , you can go in and say mute or or volume . We don't need to have like the l the numbers if we also have uh uh channel up channel down . Mm . We can make it smart like an iPod , make everything menus . closing the meeting . Um I know this sounds like it was very quick , I think that's the industrial design is the first one , that's Kate , for the working design . And user , that's you S Steph , for the technical functions design , and for marketing the user requirements specification . we have to help each other and work through this as a group , Uh as it says , we're gonna get individual instructions , and f we should finish this meeting at ni right now 