Um , I'll just review what we did in our last meeting . Um , under marketing we targeted our audience , Um , then we considered some design options with how it should look , So I've been looking at the components design . Um , so we need some custom design parts , and other parts we'll just use standard . Um , I assume we'll be custom designing our case , And we'll need to custom desi design a circuit board , Um , standard parts include the buttons and the wheels , um the iPod-style wheel . And al we also need a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote . Um , we can use rubber , plastic , wood or titanium . Um , and the rubber case requires rubber buttons , so if we definitely want plastic buttons , we shouldn't have a rubber case . Uh , well we can use wood . I don't know why we'd want to . Um and also we should note that if we want an iPod-style wheel button , it's gonna require a m qu slightly more expensive chip . Um , can I do next ? 'Cause I have to say something about the material and the findings are that the first thing to aim for is a fashion uh , fancy look and feel . Um , our fashion-watchers in Milan and Paris have decided , well noticed , that f the fruit and vegetable theme is the is the current trend So we want to put the fashion electronics , we need to go fruit and vegetables . And also go for a spongy feel , I don't know how spongy can be achieved but apparently that's the way to go . Um . I I have been thinking about this fruit and vegetable thing and I prefer fruits to vegetables , should we print the fruit stuff , or should the actual remote look like a fruit ? we're gonna try to talk about , um what kind of uh how people are actually going to be using this iPod-ish remote control , based on fruit vegetable design . And , um , basically , so , this is a touched ba a touch-based graphical interface system . Uh , so people are going to be looking at this little screen . I mean I assume , are we still on the screen idea ? it seems like you would need a screen . But the screen can come up on the telly , the she said . Okay so if we're not gonna have a screen I think So basically it's just gonna be a wheel then ? I guess that's wh why I was thinking you may need to have some kind of a screen So that people can go arou go back and forth and choose if I can see like some kind of a thing where like you sort of have like the number come up on the T_V_ like what channel you're on . I mean so you basically just kinda need to figure out like what kind of , you know , range we need to have on the wheel , And then there's also the concern about you know um how do you get to the menu if you wanna change the brightness of your television , You have to get a an advanced chip if you wanna have a screen in , which is more expensive than the regular chip , which is more expensive than the minimal . that , like , then you hit that and then you can it brings up like the menu on the T_V_ Yeah , well we don't want the screen I guess , I mean , if you're thinking of the design of it now , like the a you know , physical attributes , I mean are you you gonna have any buttons on that besides power and this thing ? So can we imagine that this would be smaller than the remote controls that you showed us before . Like , I think we're looking at something that could be , like like even maybe like a cir I'm f I'm seeing almost like a circular sort of like handheld like thing . W when we had the wheely remote control , we it was on the top I think , if you held it like that . What if , um , you had like a b a cover that went over buttons that you don't use very much ? So I guess we have to look into the , um , like , the programming , how this how they actually programme these things , and if that's Oh how they make the menu show up on the T_V_ ? I believe it's ins it's gotta be inside the T_V_ , not inside the remote . But also if you have it on the screen you can actually write everything out , What are we going to do about this vegetable thing that I'm dreading ? one of the material options is a sort of rubber that's in like those stress ball things . But what if we ha what if we had like a spongy sort of like stress balley kinda um you could just have covers and then your mobile f it's like a mobile phone thing . You could do like the computers where they have like the grapefruit , apple machine and they have like the blueberry , like all the colours are named after fruits . If you have like that stress ball material kind of as what you're actually holding in your hand , and then there's more of a hard plastic thing where that thing is . And on that hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that's on there . see you're thinking , it's weird , you're thinking the opposite of me Because I was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit , oh so so you're saying the squishy part's like detachable , so so maybe one you know you can have like the broccoli squishy thing , and then you could have like the banana squishy thing and for now we can do two prototypes maybe So where are the fruit and vegetables now ? I guess they would be either in the colour of that plastic face on the front , or in the colour of the squishy thing underneath . we we should have the logo somewhere on it . I think the batteries would have to go right under the plastic case . Uh we actually had an option of batteries , solar power , and um a dynamo , Oh , a dynamo is ah , it's a bicycle . It's a bicycle mechanism . Yeah , the other one was the other one was a kinetic thing where you'd basically have to wind it yourself . So I sort of picked battery . No . But dynamo the the fact with dynamo is , the moment you move it , it c it creates energy on its own . So if you throw it , it's gonna store loads of energy , and you don't need to buy a battery 'cause they're quite f I find them annoying . But we need to find cost . Does anyone have costs on the on the web ? All it said was it gave sort of relative , some chips are more expensive than others , sort of things . It didn't give me any actual cost . Like the chip is probably the most expensive part . Oh when we move on , you two are going to be playing with play-dough . Um , and working on the look and feel of the design and user interface design . And you're gonna be doing protu product evaluation . 