Our agenda is , as before , for me to open the meeting , for us to go over the previous minutes , then for the two of you to present your prototype and for you to g um Sarah present the evaluation criteria . We then have a finance aspect , And I know what you're all thinking of , oh my , um because we're only given a forty minute time period to get it all in , including the production evaluation . So we're going to make a very fast track . um each of you made your presentations . Um we discussed the various possibilities based on what was presented in those presentations . The market trend of fruit and veg , mm spongy , uh fancy and elegant more than technologically innovative and that more than easy . Um we decided chip on print would be used . Um we would use plastic with a rubber casing , I think was the consensus , powered by kinetic energy . There was no decision made on the curvatures or double curvature or straight . Um looking like a scroll , but it's really a push button technology , excuse my spelling um that was actually in use , Um we decided that separate fashionable covers covering your fruit and veg might be a separate product Um and as suggested um yellow with black buttons with the company logo , a slogan and image might be a good idea based on the requirements that have been provided to us . and we had some conflict of ideas and cost constraints Um we're down to the prototype presentation . well you see , each made one , This is the one that I made . It is uh curved , easy to hold , hand-held , nice and small with big easy buttons . This is like a scroll , but they are push buttons and they enter takes you into the different menus . And it's gonna have the logo imprinted on it uh in there . the function of these buttons is up , down , left and right in the different menus . The main feature of it is just a simple design , simple , lack of uh buttons all over the place . Form curved , kind of smooth , hand-held , but I think we have two different options , Uh material , I think Kate's gonna tackle that quite a bit , because we did make a another one , which wa uh is in the shape of banana , if you can imagine this as yellow with black buttons , like just like this but in the shape of a banana , which is also nice and easy to hold and has a similar sort of scroll push button technology , just a slightly different design . uh I had envisioned it in hard smooth plastic . Whereas otherwise we'd thought , like with this one uh a more spongy rubber cover with spongy buttons . we have the two options we can follow , either the smooth hard plastic or the spongy rubber , depending on cost restraints . colour , I think I definitely have a preference towards bright yellow with black buttons , but if anybody's got any other suggestions , I'm quite willing to consider them as well . maybe , Kate , you better say what you think about them . I don't have very much to add . The the case can be either um spongy rubber or hard plastic . We're not absolutely sure about a combination of the two , We have simple rubber push buttons I thin as for as for the fruit or organic theme , I guess this one is obviously fruit shaped . This one has no obvious connections to fruit , it kinda makes you think sort of organic , touchy-feely , kiddie , you'd expect it to be like a child's sorta toy remote control instead of a real one , Would you care to examine the prototypes , see how they feel in the hand ? I could see this thing , unless it's reinforced , having a problem with the Breaking , that's why hard plastic would be quite a good thing for it , I like the fact that on both of them the keys play such a prominent role . Yeah , we really like we really like that design , I mean the thing is we do need to develop our technology of I mean actually how to program the menus And it's a very simple design , and what sort of , you know , text box is gonna appear at the bottom of the screen , This is going to be a heavily interactive evaluation , this means we're going to go over the priorities that were raised by uh the consumers a as well as incorporate all of our insight into this uh evaluation exercise . I'm and I've made a list of criteria to look at , but for the evaluation it's going to be one is true and seven is false , going over these different criteria , fancy , technologically innovative , easy to use , trendy , buttons , excess buttons , good buttons , ugly , sellable , and other . And in fact I hope that uh you all introduce some additional terms , some of them seem rather close , what about price , is that gonna go on there as well ? Price of materials . We'll put price up at the top . Not that we actually know anything about it , wha how do we feel in terms of is this fancy ? It depends what what you mean by fancy really , I'd call these quite uh minimalist , a plain , simple , clean design . it is heavily reliant on appearance instead of pure functionality , I think just maybe we need a different word other than fancy , like stylish or aesthetic . in terms of elegant , fancy . we'll call it E_F_ um , do we do we think that perhaps and maybe we should say the yellow ? they're both yellow with black buttons , but if you can just imagine banana shape with these bits as black . So what we re really need to decide is whether we want the actual banana shape or just a a purely blob or some sort of abstraction in between the two but that isn't actually recognisable as a banana , you know , with the grooves and the stalk and stuff , I think that many of us are abstract enough to look at the yellow one and say we'll call it the banana . And of the two I really like I m I like the banana , that's maybe not something we have to decide just right now , I think between the two , somewhere between the two is true . It's more true than false , about a two . technologically innovative . I think we're using simple components that are gonna be robust but not particularly innovative . we'll say we'll say uh false . Easy to use . One , trendy , s and I say specifically spongy fruity . maybe only a two or a three then , we still haven't decided about specific sponginess or specific We have the worry about how robust it will be if it's it's curved as a banana but spongy . Yeah , I don't really think that's gonna work , two ? Um are there excess buttons ? That is false . Um good , well designed buttons , intuitive buttons . Better , more intuitive buttons , yes . Ugly . No . I think they're different , it is quite it is quite quirky I think . It could be quite a good brand , like a good little object . uh could we say it's cost saving ? we also need tho think about the energy . Is it the kinetic energy ? it is gonna be environmentally friendly with the kinetic energy . but we haven't completely developed that side of it yet , do you have any idea about price or other features ? I think our instinct is that it should be pretty cheap to develop . So true one I would say maybe a two , And I'm gonna actually change a couple of these instead of ugly I'm gonna say it's attractive and then make that true , 'cause I have to do an average . And then um excess buttons . Just putting no excess buttons . so it doesn't ruin the polarity . see if we're technologically innovative , I'd say it is quite innovative , because there aren't really many that have this menu idea instead of all the extra buttons . I mean I know we're not doing anything involving internet or speech recognition but but we are at the upper end of the push button market . let me know if if any of these um if you if you all can think of any other um thing to change here if you th if you think I should change the innovative or add other features . If not I'll average those . and the next big thing is the finance . and I'll uh figure out the average here . Thank you for everyone's help with that . And we're going to raise what's called a sp a spreadsheet it says fill in the number of components you plan to use in your device . Hand dynamo , battery , kinetic , solar cells . just kinetic then , . Electronic simple chip on print , and we'll need one of those . 'cause we've just got push buttons , and we only need one of those . the case will be uncurved and flat or a single curve or a double curve . It looks like it single curve , What does double curved mean , I don't understand . I I think you it means you reverse the curve . you can do a banana in single curve , case material supplements . Plastic , wood , rubber , titanium , special colour . I just wanna say plastic . I mean I I still quite like the idea of combining plastic and rubber myself , Okay . We'll come back , if we can , to the rubber being added And the buttons Wha what is the buttons made of , rubber ? does tha does special material mean that plastic is not a special material ? Button supplements , they'll be in a special colour of black . 'Cause I think they can be plastic . Yeah . They could be plastic , we don't have to have rubber buttons , Um and the total cost has been calculated as nine Pounds twenty out of the twelve and a half we were allowed . More profit . go to the project evaluation , next slide . the project process , satisfaction with , for example , the room for creativity . We had the special colour . leadership , Sure . teamwork , Yes . means , of having whiteboard , the digital pens and all that kind of good things . Yeah , yeah , the Play-Doh was best , I thought . 'cause I mean it's so hard to describe what you mean just with words and pointing at photographs and saying , well we quite want this , but imagine it rounder . and we're satisfied with all the above . we went over all those things Um did we find any new ideas ? I think with the marketing element of uh fruit shaped I I mean I that really opened my eyes . Spongy . And I'd never heard of the kinetic energy before , Good work as a design team , I'm not sure all the wires are really great though . Are the costs within the budget ? Oh yes . Is the project evaluated ? Yes . I can give you a number , the average evaluation score is one point eight eight , There were six true or ones , two s almost true or close to true , and then uh one false , seven points , And the the only false one is because we've chosen to keep a simple old technology , which if it works perfectly well I see no point in improving on if it works , And we've therefore we have to do the final questionnaire and do the meeting summary , I have a final report to present , um and then we're done . I believe that is the end of our meeting . 