mailed you the minutes of the last meeting uh just to save time . Uh in this meeting I I'm going to discuss about the trend watching , We have done a rec not only a recent remote control market survey , but we also considered the latest fre fashion trends of the market , when we did our remote control market survey we found that uh people l uh people do have preference for tho fancy mobi uh f remote controls which look and feel very good , rather than having a functional look and feel uh good . The second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically uh innovative . And the third most important aspect in the ta to take into consideration is that it should be easy to use , and customers should be provided with manuals that is easy to understand in their local language , something . When we did uh f fashions uh , recent fashion uh our recent fashion update shows that because uh d you can see how people have related their clothes , shoes , and everything with fruits and vegetables , the f feel of the material is expected to be spongy rather than just having a plastic look , hard look . Do you think like rubber would be good or does it really want to be like gel kind of stuff ? The rubber which is good for health and which is quite disposable that we can take into co okay , so the interface concept um . Um so the method , we looked at existing designs , Okay , so most remote controls use graphical interface , Um and we also found that there's inconsistent layout , which makes it confusing . but I think standard kind of um shape and uh play and those kind of but buttons And we've got some pictures of some uh new remote controls to show you . There's um an L_C_D_ thing , I thought could get a bit confusing and a bit expensive as well for us . This one is got a kind of scroll like a mouse , Um and But I'm not exactly sure how you'd use that , But the one below that has got like a little scroll function on the side . But I presume that the functions must come up on the T_V_ screen . Again that's just quite boring shape , grey , looks quite space-agey , but too many buttons , I think on that one . Um this one I thought was really cool . It's w it's got the programmability function that we talked about . and it's quite an organic shape Yeah , I m I mean the one thing I think about about these ones is um these kl uh secured areas um , I've seen a lot of them with the the cover missing . So like have it hinge rather than sort of clip on or whatever . And this one , the over-sized one , I don't know about you , but I think it's a bit too gimmicky . I like some of these things um the the raised symbols and everything , and I've just got an e-mail from our technical department saying that they have broken through with some new speech recognition software that you can program in . I think maybe incorporating that in our design would be good . you program it like you say , record , um and then , play , and then , record , play machine , and stuff like that , the raised symbols I thought were good , the L_C_D_ , it does look smart , but I think maybe for our budget , 'cause I think we're definitely going for the speech recognition , But in our market survey we have seen that people are willing to pay more , It's still it's still got to get within our twelve fifty , you know . I'm not sure if the if for twenty five Euros uh per uh twelve Euros fifty m manufacturing cost , . Although , th I mean to be to be sure they have got I mean they are going crazy with the L_C_D_ technology now , And one of the survey findings was that they want it easy to use , so I think I'm not sure about the L_C_D_ . It's a it's great , it's a good idea , but for our budget and for the thing we're trying to go for eas easy to use , it's not the thing we should go for , I think . we could make a vegetabley kind of round shape , I think . Well , si since we're going for the uh the k the sort of company colours , I think your lemon wasn't that far s I like I like the colourful buttons as well . I like the d the different shapes of the buttons and stuff . And the mouse one , I thought it was a good idea , Child-friendly , I thought this was good , I guess there are a lot of options that we're gonna have to choose from among , and I'll I'll give you the uh , I guess , technical considerations for those . And I'm gonna use the whiteboard , just 'cause we haven't used it . the way I'm gonna do this is uh we're gonna take a look at some old remote controls , see how they work , and then we'll throw in our new innovations um Um you open it up , there's a circuit board inside , and there's a a chip , a processor , the T_A_ one one eight three five , which um receives input from the buttons , Um so that takes a signals from the buttons and translates it into a sequence of pulses that it then sends to the to the amplifier , which is made of some transistors and amplifiers , op-amps , and then that gets sent to the uh to the L_E_D_ light , Um . So you know , as we said , we got the outer casing , which we have to decide , you know , what's it gonna be , processor , um we'll probably use the more advanced processor than they had , Um so for the casing , uh this an e-mail I got from our manufacturing team uh , you know , we have a bunch of options from wood , titanium , rubber , plastic , whatnot , um latex , double-curved , curved . Well , I mean like la latex has a kinda spongy feeling to it , And that would k also give it kinda durability and ther that's also f sorta relatively cheap to cast . so maybe s uh a sort of uh plastic initial plastic with a a latex kinda sheath ? I like the rubber , the stress balls , I think , w like , 'cause there's gonna be the the cover the the rubber or the plastic casing and then the buttons in probably two different colours So multi-coloured buttons . or yeah a limit uh maybe even just a limited multi-colour so it it doesn't look too childish , perhaps . Although I mean this uh uh also comes to shape as well . I mean double-curved sounds good to me if we're talking about sorta ergonomic and easy use , Like uh an hour glass kind of figure , Okay , like we could have a big banana shaped remote control , Mm and a lemon might be a little hard to grip . Yeah . How would you point it ? We could have a little L_E_D_s on each end . y I'm I'm not sure about the banana idea . it does seem a bit uh again childish maybe . I think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetable shape . So maybe an an unidentifiable fruit or fiable fruit or vegetable Like a gourd almost , or a squash of some sort ? you don't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit just to have that kind of fruitish shape , Or we can do something , we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey , let the public choose what they want . There's a good man . There's a good idea . Yeah , what about the scroll wheel and speech recognition ? uh I could put the microphone here . Okay , well we can do some user test with scroll-wheels , right ? Uh speech recognition , I think , So should the microphone be just anywhere on it or What about the glow-in-the-dark thing , the strip around it ? I mean how good is the speech recognition thing ? do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it's a fruit ? l like think of a fruit that could sit sort of independently on its own like uh , I dunno , an apple . But yeah , about the speech thing , it doesn't have to be hand held or close . we can just have a remote control and casings of different different shapes , different fruit shapes in such a way that a any casing can be could be fit into this mobile general piece . button will be on the upper side , buttons will be the on the upper side . So in that way we need not to d have different different shape mobiles everything , we will just design casings fruit shape . s I guess we decided on material , So that that spongy latex rubber everything feel , Well , I I'm not sure if we should go so far in the whole fruit thing , and I think maybe fruit could be a bit of a too much of a gimmick , but something ergonomically shaped and organic , like good to hold , based on fruits and natural things like that , because al already we're going a bit gaudy with the yellow , you know . So again I mean like we could have , uh I mean , we could quite easily have the the main body be a different I mean not necessarily that the um the whole body has to be of the company colour , So you have the main body blue with the yellow logo and slogan running up one side of it kind of thing . Um as for the energy source um , you know , almost every remote control uses just batteries , We can use a hand-dynamo . So , this might be an idea for something that people really wanna grab , you can shake it if it's out of power . But but do you think that it will be a good idea to use dynamo , tha these type of cells ? It does leave them with an obligation to Uh there's solar power . Um . Uh , solar power will w also not be a good idea , I think we should a rechargeable battery will be a good idea . so that not only it doubles as a stand , but um for using it as uh recharging it , but also for using it as sound recognition . having a rechargeable stand , and if we if we're just having buttons and the speech then we're getting our cheapest option of chipping . I just dele I just accidentally deleted what I was supposed to say next . and what I would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay . uh our next meeting's in half an hour Um and further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches . Okay . Save everything to the shared documents , is that right ? You have to keep your pen separate , because I used your pen . I wonder if they mean like literally make it , sort of buttons and everything . Or we are going to discuss something ? Uh no , I think that's us our discussion over Um uh we'll probably get questionnaire in a minute , There we go . Warning , finish meeting now . 