This Then we'll go through the finance and see if we fall within the budget . Um then we'll do the evaluation , and then we can finish up after that with um any changes that we'll need to make , We had uh the fashion trends that people want a fancy look-and-feel . Um they liked fruit and vegetables in the new styles . Um and a spongy feel . Um they wanted limited buttons and simplicity . Um the iPod , we really liked the look of that . the materials for the case , the different energy sources , the different types of chips , um and made a decision on what we were going to use to make our remote . basically we we st went with the colour yellow . Um working on the principle of a fruit which was mentioned , it's basically designed around a banana . These would be like the rubber , the rubber grips . Um but all the controlling would be done with this scroll wheel . And the the simplest functions would be um almost identical to an iPod , And then to access the more complicated functions you'd you sorta go , you press that and go through the menus . we could use the voice . It's as simple as you , we could make it really . Plastic covered with rubber . T the actual thing might be smaller . It's a quick on-off button . You guys are gonna help me do an evaluation of the criteria . we're gonna be doing it based on a seven point scale . And one is going to mean true , that we did actually achieve that . With seven being false , we did not achieve that . So for the first one , we need to decide , did we solved the problem of the users who complained about an ugly remote ? I think it's definitely different than anything else out there . I'd say , when it comes to the ergonomics , the form and stuff , yes that's definitely more beautiful than your average . So uh to answer that honestly I would rather say like uh , we have not solved the problem completely with the ugly remote because the colour is ugly , definitely . I mean I much prefer something like brushed chrome with that form . Four is fair . Did we make it simple for new users ? It's very intuitive , I think yeah . Um , do the controls now match the operating behaviour of the users ? 'Cause we've we've brought it down to basically four controls most common , which are channel and volume . So that's a one . How about the problem of a remote being easily lost ? Something that big and that yellow you just don't lose anymore . But um if we were to , if we were , that , the speech recognition . That , we could maybe just use that solely for the the finding thing . Y you could add an extra feature actually . Which makes this thing raise hell when you remove it too far from the television . That can't cost much . Let's add one of those features and say yes . Two . Are we technologically innovative ? It's all just stolen technology when it comes down to I don't know that we are that innovative , to tell you the truth . Um I would say we're probably at four . Um spongy material ? We have some spongy , yeah . It's not a one though . Probably a four at most . did we put the fashion in electronics ? I'd say we did . Well the recent fashion is rather displayed in the in the L_C_D_ and the way you operate it than the form and the colour , Now we just gotta calculate . Okay we'll say two point four two . Now we get to do the budget numbers . We want a fifty percent profit on this . Um and how many batteries do we think this will probably take ? Two . That's the advanced chip-on-print , yeah . 'Kay then the case is a Probably it's double curved . Case materials are Plastic . That's not a special colour . It's a specially ugly colour , but it's not special . Well we only have one button so really we shouldn't be charged , we shouldn't be charged anything for the the button supplements . So our total is fifteen point five . by three Euros over . What if we completely took out the the one single button we've got on . I suppose the L_C_D_ C_ display's the one that's pushing it up a bit though . you could maybe take out the L_C_D_ dis display even , Right . We may not need it . I think that perhaps the project evaluation's just supposed to be completed by me . But I'd like to hear your thoughts . Uh h what did you think of our project process ? yeah I think we did quite well . Um Our leadership was quite weak in the beginning . But as the day went along we had more idea of what we were doing . and um I think it was um interesting as you guys brought up more um information and studies that we were right on with a lot of those things . Super super . I had some problem with the pen I think , Minus your PowerPoint fiasco . Um complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary . And I still have to do my minutes for the last meeting . Um so there will probably be another questionnaire coming up . And then we'll have to check with the main boss whether we can , what goes on after that . 