This is our final meeting , the detailed design meeting . what we have to get through in this meeting is firstly the prototype presentation from you two , It does look very cool . then Cat's going to present the evaluation criteria that we're going to be evaluating this against . Then I need to say some st a few things about finance , 'cause we have to check that it's within the finance criteria . Um and then we'll be making sure that our product fits both the evaluation criteria from Cat and the financial limits . Um and then we uh will have a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that we've been through . so will you maybe start with like the mm the shape and things Okay . So um basically going with our trend of vegetables and we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana . You think bananas are a safe thing to use ? Well , but it's it's just an a approximation . Um so basically it's the it's the flip open thing again . And it flips open on the side , so it opens like that . And we have the user interface o in here and uh the the L_C_D_ and and the scroll are inside . And it's the whole thing's made of rubber , is that so I would say that this curvy does look quite like a vegetable . yeah , but um one thing we actually kind of um forgot while designing , that one side was supposed to be rounder , Is it to scale , or do you think you can make it a bit smaller ? Um it could be made a bit smaller , So so uh the user interface as as we discussed last time uh mm on on the on the cover we just have the very basic things . So we have that n uh channels here starting from um uh one two three So it's four , up to four , up to seven , up to nine and zero , z zero here . And then , well this is on off button . and and also the colour is quite often red , And then these ones would be for flipping the channels back and And and we would also have a l little um thing saying here , previous and ne prevon prevon next . The volume is is scrolling . On the side , And and and it's it's on the back is mm cover or back lid , because if you flip it open , you can still do the scrolling here . and and you have the mm spinning wheel with options to choose . Oh , the thing we forgot was like a mute button . Well , we'll have this on the screen , on the display . On the wheel , like if you hold the wheel down then it will mute . Uh on the L_C_D_ we r you know , the main menu will have various options . yeah , the scrolling is kind of you have to scroll all the way to make it mute , right ? if it's a scroll and click so you hold it in ? But if you hold it in , And okay , so i so the the voice recognition is also just part of it . You can't really see it in the interface . And it's with the the black and yellow you're even in the right colours . Yeah , I think um we could do l the logo in grey , as it is on the website . I suspect we're gonna have a couple of minor finance issues , but um we'll se I'm sure we can get around them somehow . So what we're gonna do is prefer prepare the evaluation of the new design . Um so we're gonna be using a seven point scale , so one is , you know , yes , it totally meets with that requirement and seven is , no , it really doesn't , we need to go back and start again . Um , you know . Basically , what I did was I went through all the like user requirements and things that we've done and we've worked on and like made a list of them . So for each of these we need to give it a one to seven . I did have A_ , B_ , C_ , and D_ down here , but it seems to have turned into like just bullet points . Okay . But if you can imagine that they say A_ , B_ , C_ , and D_ , then that would be really good . Okay um uh what I've done on the next page is I've set it up so we just put the marks in . If you take a note of them , left-handed people can't normally write right-handed , Um the the only thing that we were considering was that uh this thing is kind of more for right-handed people than for left-handed people , Does it match the operating behaviour of the user ? so y so we we might do we might want to do like a uh another m model another another version , which is like exactly the mirror image of this one . So maybe we need to put that needs a little bit of investigation , maybe give it a five , I would say ? Or maybe six , It might be a little clumsy when when it opens up , right , I th I think the alternative is flipping from the top . Yeah , but we which makes it kind of really big , yeah . or are we saying we're gonna stick a locator on the T_V_ ? th there's the locator dot . Mm that you stick on T_V_ . so that means you need a that does mean you need a little speaker on it though , To make it beep . so that's seven , yeah . If uh uh if this means intuitive , if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things I'd say six , 'cause the I mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one , rather than the way you've got it . but it's not the immediate thing that you're used to . but uh it's a good technology , I mean once they get used to it . So , should we maybe say f a five so possibly for left-handed . Investigate . But otherwise it's superb . So , should we give it a six ? Um uh the ergonom ergonomic design well mm I mean I d uh I dunno , I mean the the repetitive stress things , but then who would be really pushing the buttons so much on the on the remote control anyway , And moreover it it has um L_C_D_ and everything , so that uh you know uh we minimise the pressing of the buttons anyway . Okay , so we give that a six , G_ technologically innovative . it's the most sophisticated remote that I ever seen . Well mm we have we have the sample speaker as well , which is yeah , it's kind of new . All of the components have been used in other things before . They're never been used i they've never been using remote remote control before I don't think . What do you reckon , five , six ? Six . Put fashion in electronics . Fruit fruit and vegetables are fashionable these days , so . So , we need the average here , So I think we've done very well , The average is about six and something . Six point five , yeah . that's pretty good , I think . so we've looked at the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria . And now we have to calculate the production costs . So I've got an Excel spreadsheet to help us do that . Um I started filling it in , No hand dynamo , right ? One simple battery . The chip , we're going for an advanced chip on print . We also said the sample sensor and sample speaker . Um single-curved surface , so that we can fold it . Case material we said rubber . I don't know what special colour means . I think something coloured , but rubber comes coloured , doesn't it ? You know . maybe it's like if you want titanium coloured or wood coloured , it's different . Or maybe maybe if you want some kind of pattern thing on it , We have pushbuttons , Scroll wheel with pushbutton we had , no ? And we have L_C_ display And button supplements . Yeah , but what do we ha we have L_C_ display , but but the wh but the s spinning wheel We've got more than one pushbutton though , That means you can only have twenty five push buttons in total doesn't it ? That seems unlikely . whether whether pushbutton means that p count by button or do we We have to count all of them , I don't think that makes sense . if it is pushbutton then you got a zero point five , it's a scroll wheel so we we've put it's pushbutton and scroll wheel and L_C_D_ display , So , as we can see , that's way too expensive down here . Our budget's twelve point five . Yeah , the sample sensor will have to go , 'cause that's the most expensive thing on there . so that has implications though for the . Uh it does not have for voice recognition , but it does have for the feedback speaker . when you say when you press one it says one or it says hello . But that's a bit of a gimmick anyway really , isn't it ? Mm and the locator also goes away . Well the speaker uh the sample speaker is is expensive , but we could just have some some very very easy device that just beeps . A also i in the case I'm not sure that you will evaluate this as a curved surface , because it's just rubber , so it's probably a flat surface rubber . Right , so we need one fifty off . Take it down to just a scroll wheel . in the L_C_D_ we can scroll , right ? how do we how do we make a selection in uh in the L_C_D_ ? But how do we make a selection if we d cannot push the button . you can push this one , but we don't have a pushbutton uh we ca we don't have this muting mechanism for this scrolling thing . So that's point three . and I thought we were referring to this as a scroll spinning wheel and pushbutton thing . The scroll wheel is on the side . We're point three over at the moment . Unless we just take off the scroll wheel altogether and just have pushbuttons for the volume . Instead of scrolling here we have two buttons here , up for up and down . Oh look , we're way under budget Yeah , well we could admit to the single curve , couldn't we ? Or or that we have to have some sort of special colour . So did we lose um on our evaluation criteria , as a result of doing that ? No , I don't think so . Because we keep all the features , we keep voice recognition , we keep L_C_D_ display . instead of having scrolling we we just push the buttons . But we lose the locator . so we still have the locate . We're gonna have a beep . It can come in the same colour as the the case . so it would be good if we could just have a little talk about the project itself and how it went , um so that we can feed back to the management for next time they're designing a product . as far as creativity is concerned , yeah I think there was there was room for creativity . The only the only problem being that at the end we had to cut some things down because of the the budget we had . I think uh n one thing that was lacking uh was that we did not know what the various things cost to begin with . If we'd had that sheet at the beginning should've been like , okay , so we can have that lot , let's just throw it together and do what we can . But in terms of the process of um going and working individually and then coming back to a meeting , that that worked in terms of . I think 'cause the meetings were so regular , you know . Yeah , the m the means were very very good , the means we used . the whiteboard digital pens . We like the pens . But that worked well having having a whiteboard that we could draw on as well as having the PowerPoint , I was I was satisfied with with the leadership , yeah . Yeah , and and and this time also the time limits but actually preparing the I mean especially with that last-minute alteration . I mean that was fairly tight anyway , But yeah , but I mean already just just preparing the slides before before the meeting , yeah . You weren't like a a dictating leader , so that was always good . And then the teamwork I think I think it worked quite quite nicely , yeah . Did anyone feel that they were getting sort of covered up and not being able to say their bit ? Mm . I guess it was a fairly small group , so all of us got to express our opinions , yeah . New ideas found . Not quite sure what about . Well it's it's it's pretty new , I think we'd like to think the ideas were new , costs are within budget , One Euro left over for bits that we didn't foresee . Um we've evaluated the project . Can you put that in the project documents file ? And the process wheel didn't really have any major problems with . And my main difficulty was the the time pressure . sometimes it's like a little bit rushed . we've got like five minutes left . but if we've finished , then we've finished . Yeah , it was a pleasure working with you . So I would say that's the end of that meeting . Right , so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it . Was there a questionnaire already sent ? Do we have to go back into the other room or can we stay in here now ? I don't see why you can't stay here , really . 