welcome back fro to the second meeting . the first presentation we'll be looking at is Poppy's presentation . I will take this time just to apologise . Um , so I was looking at how we're going to go about the working design , Uh , on a functional side of things , we found out that wh from our previous meeting , we decided that there're certain points that will make our product unique . Um , one is the visibility in the dark , And we could use illuminated buttons , Or we could use fluorescent materials Um , also we could use um an alarm . So if we lost the um remote control , perhaps there could be a button on the television set itself , which you could press , Um , another thing I think we d missed out on on the last meeting was the fact that we should consider the environmental impact of our design . Um , from previous researches I've carried out on other projects , um we've learnt about smart materials where um um specific alloys of metals have a shape memory . So they can be heated and um and cooled , and they change the shape of um the metal . So um , the benefits of this for our product would be that when it came to the end of its product life , if it was heated , um everything would spring apart . So , all the um individual components could be easily separated , and then some could be reused , some could be recycled , I mean , the user would return the p product to the company , 'cause it's the product's responsibility to get rid of what they've made . Would we be the company that would break down these , or uh metals ? One thing we have to consider is our uh one hundred percent um turnover goal that we have for our financial sector . Um , so we'll have to investigate how much that will cost us , cost the company , Um also there is um components . But I haven't put this plan together yet . This would actually show the circuit diagram . Although I haven't come up with the final circuit yet . I it just shows what sort of energy source . It could be a battery , And , um , the next presenter will be Tara . There're two functional design options . A multifunctional remote control , which can be used for several entertainment devices . And a single function remote control , used specifically for the television . Um , multifunctional controls can be difficult to use , as the multitude of buttons can be confusing . A single function remote control is simpler to use , but it means you have to have other remote controls for your other entertainment devices . Um , I think that a single function remote control would be preferable , It'd be more compatible with a range of television sets , making it more internationally sellable . And it would be more profitable as it would be more simplistic . And less functions would have to be included . So it would be cheaper to make . So as far as we know , um , a single function television remote control is us usable internationally ? Um , I was just wondering about the , what , what Genevieve said before , about having like some hidden controls like having the outer casing . And that would probably , um , I d , well well what you said before about it being a more profitable simplistic design . Does anyone object and , and find the multifunctional might be a better way to go ? because we're trying to do so much , that if we're trying to make a unique , user-friendly , dadada , and it's also multi also multifunctional , um , we're gonna go over budget for one thing . And with this we'll have more room in the budget probably to make a more original design . Okay . So I'll be discussing the functional requirements of this remote control . Um , I've done some marketing research , a lot of interviews with remote control users , um , and some internet research . and firstly I wanted to remind you about our company motto and purpose . So we believe in providing international market with fashionable products . Um , hence our motto , we put the fashion in electronics . Um , and we should also be looking to trends in clothing and interior design . Not just in electronic fashion . Any trends that are going on in , in the public , even media , Um , seventy five percent of users of remote controls find them ugly . Eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy . Current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user . Um , seventy five percent of remote control users said that they zap a lot . Um , and fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons . so it might be very appealing if , um , we have very concise buttons . And another thing with um lots of surfing , we'd probably have to work on something that could be um a lot more durable , And actually to go with that , I'm gonna give you some statistics on the uh relevancy of the buttons , how much they're used . Channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight times on average per hour . Teletext , um , now I'm not too clear on what that is . it's just information that um , like television timetables , what's on , what's on now , what's on next , on every channel , and So it looks like something that we're gonna want to do some research on and include on our remote control . Um , and has a r a high relevance of six point five . Remote controls are often lost somewhere . Um , remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ . But we'll have to also avoid , you know , buttons responding to the slightest touch as well . So I guess we're gonna have to figure out what age group we're , we're targeting , and if and if voice recognition is something we wanna look into . So it m it may be too complicated for us , but it's something to keep in mind anyway . And something that might further complicate it is that the T_V_ makes noise itself . We need to decide if that is our um intention is , is a simplistic design . Um an L_C_D_ screen though might be something that , you know , you can shift through pages kind of li the way this PowerPoint is working . It would be good if it had the actual programme that was on , and what was next . Might be quite expensive to do that though . Um , I think our priority really should be unique design . so uh in my opinion it should be , um , user-friendly and unique . Um , I th myself , voice recognition kind of scares me off . I mean if we wanted to concentrate on fifteen to twenty five years olds , we could go for the fancy stuff . But if we wanna make fifty million , and and have everyone want this remote control , we should maybe stick to the basics . Um , so I I think , I think the older generations we should be catering to a bit more . Before we go into uh more discussion on we want this design to look like , I've received some information from the management that will affect some of our decisions . Um , for one thing , because Having controls with D_V_D_ , V_C_R_ , that sort of thing , would really complicate the design of the remote control . Um , we've decided not to include them and make it a specific , just a specific television um function . Which is good as , as we've sort of decided that we would like to go with that anyway . Another thing that might um affect other decisions is that um the management feels that teletext is outdated , because more people are using the internet now . So , um , all the remote controls must have our um We'll incorporate our logo and colour in in some way . but for the purposes of this meeting I , I wasn't offered a , like a type of logo or colour , It's probably R_ R_R_ in yellow . Um , so , now we need to discuss , um and come to a decision on our remote control functions , of , of how this is going to be . Are we going to write off the L_C_D_ option ? So no L_C_D_ , no teletext , and no voice recognition . I don't use teletext that much , but if it was on your T_V_ , you'd want to be able to use it , It was a management decision , so it's , it's pretty much out of our hands at this point . Um , well I guess , just from my findings it looks like we wanna minimise buttons . I think we should definitely go ahead with the alarm system idea that you had . Would you be able to , um , put the little device anywhere ? so it would need to be something that you could stick somewhere , or something . It would be able to use the same reception on the remote c control I guess , but the actual device would have to have its own infrared signaller . Would it need a battery then ? So , mm , more research into that one . um , the glow-in-the-dark , fluorescent , whatever , system , um is a go ahead . Um right , if w if we're minimising buttons , we might be able to make them actually larger . We could , may , possibly , sorry , incorporate them both so that the buttons could maybe be in the shape of the numbers themselves and be made out of some glow-in-the-dark material . I just thought that it , it might be sucking more battery power , if there , if it is a light up . Um , so like big b um buttons , for people you are visually impaired . I guess the other option , referring to the battery thing is , you know how cellphones will t light up for fifteen seconds or something , when you're s and then it goes , Um , if instead of a constant light up on the , on the remote control , if it lights up for ten seconds when it's touched again . That's probably feasible . Um , did we want to go for the glow-in-the-dark look ? Or did we want to go for the lighting up instantly ? Because it might , for , for our design purposes , I mean , the lighting up thing might be better because glow-in-the-dark material has a funny kinda colour . So we've decided on lighting up things . it might be perceived as tacky , glow-in-the-dark . Yeah well , I was just gonna throw out there the thought about um personalising the remote control . So I I dunno if there's something that diff , you know like five different face plates . and then that would be uh more profitable like as a sideline to the remote as well . I think that we should incorporate that . You could start out with three , and if , if we hit it big then we can add some on . Um , the environmental factor , we didn't bring that up again . We'll have to do more research . 