We're gonna just do a quick opening and we can hopefully all get acquainted with one another um then we're gonna start talk a little bit about tool training . Um we've got a general plan for the project how we're gonna go about accomplishing this we're making a remote control Um we've got to make something as fashionable as possible , and then finally we'll incorporate as kind of the last stage you know where you guys build or tell me tell us what's possible and then you tell us what we can um hope for and what way to go So it's a three stage kind of thing . for now just for th the white board um basically uh just to get used to it , I'm Marty , I'm a excellent Project Manager . Um . I'm Sarah , and I'm the Marketing Manager or something . I'm Ron . and I am the User Interface Designer . I'm Nathan , um and just write down I'm just gonna write down one of the names of my um desert discs uh project finance . what we're trying to do is sell this remote for twenty five Euros . Um . it's pretty dear , the profit aims to make fifty million Euros on it . Eur internationally . one of the things I I was gonna mention to you um you guys the designers is that um it m we probably need a rever it needs to be a universal remote control probably . Um but we wanna try to make it for twelve fifty . um and I'd like the um Industrial Designer to get ge think about what needs to be done , like what the basic function of it . Um U_I_D_ well yeah you right g your assignments are up there I need you to tell us what um we what the user's gonna want . and we'll discuss the trade-offs in between we can't kind of build it into other uh products . For instance like a mobile phone or something like that . I don't think there's any rules about it yet . So can we sell a remote control phone for twenty five pounds or less ? Maybe a remote with changeable faces , like the faces that you can buy for phones . does anybody have any initial ideas ? as soon as you said that I was thinking like all the other things you could get a remote to do , like your microwave or your front door but then , I've never been a fan of those huge remotes that have like a million buttons , But I'm thinking I'm thinking kind of P_D_A_ uh design so touch screen design rather than button so that you can kind of flip around all sorts of different things . we've got this kind of an idea of a trade-off between um uh size and functionality . but at the same time if you get it to do too much you're not gonna be able to tell them apart , maybe like an L_ like a touch screen type of remote ? An interesting option . Needs it needs one outstanding feature to set it apart from all the other remotes . I think , making it out of a nice material would be very important , because so many of those remotes that you see , these universal remotes look so cheap and low quality . there's such a problem with losing them , that adding this whole like P_D_A_ pen business is only one more thing to lose , I like the idea of the uh multi plate . I think , it wouldn't be such a bad idea to have a like a locator device , maybe a simple button that you have on your television to help you find your remote . there used to be those whistling devices Cou could we not do something where like just a little lit like literally just a very small kind of thing that you could place something else and it makes the remote page . so maybe we might wanna trade off some of the features for a lower price . Without without getting into that whole like you know go down to bargain store remote you know bargain store universal remote Or if you our users in mind , these grandmas are not gonna be into this whole new let's design , they're used to the buttons so we'll have to be careful of exactly who we're marketing this to , I'm gonna put these initial ideas that we've got in the um project documents , and then ov obviously uh the U_I_D_ and the I_D_ you know you you can keep on the you know sort of at the cutting edge of how to get about maximising what is possible 