Um I'm Sarah , the Project Manager Okay , this is our agenda , um get to know each other a bit better to feel more comfortable with each other . Now , we're developing a remote control which you probably already know . Um , we want it to be original , um , trendy , appealing to a wide market , and user-friendly , grannies to kids , maybe even pooches should be able to use it . Okay , um , first is the functional design , um this is where we all go off and do our individual work , um what needs need to be fulfilled by the product , Um , conceptual design , and then the detailed design , how we're actually gonna put it into practice and make it work . We're gonna practice with the pens and draw our favourite animal on the white board , and um sum up the characteristics of that animal . I'm going to tell you that's supposed to be a tiger . Uh , maybe you can guess what I'm trying to make ? A kind of dog ? Okay , now I'm gonna have to change what is was originally gonna be Yeah , it can be a crocodile , it can be a crocodile . it's meant to be an eagle Um finance-wise , we've got a selling price at twenty five Euros , which I don't actually know what that is in Pounds , at all . Seventeen . Okay , that's expensive . Should we be making notes of this ? I'll be able to um pull it up , or I could put it in the shared folder or something . Havi having said that though , if you wanna get one of those the the ones on the market at the moment they're s they're about twenty pounds anyway . um production cost's at twelve fifty , so Um , and profit aim is fifty million Euros , You've got market range international and you did say earlier it's got to be a um accessible and usable by sort of all age groups What are your experiences with remote controls ? I mean I've got we got um we had three videos , a T_V_ and a sort of amp thing all set up so we got one of the universal remote controls , um that you programme each of your things into , but that kept losing the signals but that was quite good , the fact that you could You didn't have six remote controls sitting in front of you . My experience has only been being given the remote control with the object I buy , not doing any tampering with it and programming , I hate I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do And symbols that you don't necessarily understand , So simplification of symbols you could think of . and a section opens up or something to the other functions where you can do sound or options kind of recording , things like that inside it . but you know on a mobile phone , you can press a key and it gives you a menu , it's got a menu display , I wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful , so you've got a little L_C_D_ display . instead of having too many b buttons and make it complicated for the user , may h maybe have an L_C_D_ di display or something like that , What about the older generation ? that's gonna be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps , I don't like the , you know the new phones that have kind of got a Windows-based running system . I find it really confusing , Yeah , I don't I don't know how for twenty fi , or twelve Euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get , you'd you'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white L_C_D_ thing anyway , I'd assume . The other thing is , just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again , it could have a flip top remote control I think that's a cost thing , And there's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone , it can still be lightweight plastic , you know ? Something that's easily moulded and produced . we've got half an hour before the next meeting , so we're all gonna go off and do our individual things . Um and then we'll come back and liaise again and I get to do another fantastic PowerPoint presentation . about what you're saying about the uh does does it need to be fashionable ? I I had a quick look at the company website and it's like the the uh we put the fashion into electronics , I mean you don't you you can still have plastic we don't have to use metal , and the Telewest remote controls are silver plastic , I mean there's Sky remote controls and everything . They're kind of moulded so yeah I guess that's stuff we can think about . So , see you in half an hour . Okay , so let's break it up there . um what effects the product has to have 