this is the beginning of the third meeting , the conceptual design meeting . Um our agenda should be um that we're opening the meeting , the minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared f drive at this point . Um and we should each have a presentation to make . Um we have certain decisions to make Um there are the decisions we have to turn to , but we'll come back to them in a minute after I take us to the minutes of the previous meeting . Um Sarah , you presented a marketing research report um which pretty much rep represented that fifteen to thirty five year olds uh it has to be hand-held , power , channel , volume , number keys , possibly a speech recognition . And then Steph did a second presentation um that those functions plus streamlining them with big user-friendly keys that were easy to use . Kate presented a working design of going after going over the basics on the whiteboard um that it should be a simple mass-produced device , because of the twelve and a half Pence cost . Um but we did talk about possibly using rechargeable batteries and having a docking place as a selling point . we agreed that the target market would be fifteen to thirty five with more money than sense , that were decision makers . Alternatively it would be a manufacturer to enclose it with the T_V_ , Um and that the function we agreed was volume , power , numbers , enter , channels , a way to move between channels , easy to use and hand-held . Um at that point we agreed that Sarah would look at the current cost of competition , what what do the current ones sell for . Um and Steph was gonna look at ec ergonomics . Kate was gonna look at cost and feasibility of the various possibilities that we discussed . first thing I want to address is um one of the points that Florence brought up , which was uh current cost of the competition devices , and and they're uh twenty to sixty Euros , depending on uh branding . But I think that with the current um price that we're searching for , we're well within , even on the lower end , of the uh of the market . I investigated the remote control market in greater detail , What's hot , fruit and veg . Spongy . And this is all over the catwalks , Paris , Milan , and I'm talking about clothing , furniture , shoes . This is really interesting change from past years , because it is much more organic , And I think if we're to refashion our view of what we want in a remote control , we should perhaps think about incorporating technologically interesting fabrics and some of the bold colours into a simple handset . on um what again are the most important priorities in uh decision making about uh purchasing . Functional is out . Fancy . And f the fancy , and that's exactly the term , I'm I'm thinking polished , elegant , you know , kind of innovative , but a cut above . This is twice as important as the next finding , which is technologically innovative . This is interesting , 'cause I think in the last meeting we were talking about technology as being so important , but maybe what's innovative is having it simple with um with uh technologically superior fabrics or uh , you know , designed in interesting substances . Ease of use . Again , pretty low , I mean it's the top three , but each of the uh fancy and technologically innovative are far more important . I think we should cloak the streamlined remote control device in a series of fruit fruit themed sleeves . It sounds like the the uh covers that they use for the remote , you know , your t your cell phone . I was thinking though that instead of having something uh like patterned , you know , so , you know , something similar to a summer dress . you know , it would have like fruit and veg , is that we actually make these spongy . initially I thought we could start with kind of um fruit that would suit kind of uh a long uh hand-held , so banana , pineapple and pear . They could be interchangeable , they're spongy , So what we're talking about is changing . this concept . Everyone has a T_V_ remote , but the person who is really perhaps active in personalising , I'm thinking the teenager , the someone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers . So I really open this up to uh any other feedback . This spongy fruit and veg . I I think we're gonna have some trouble when we get down to the component design on this . And as for as for um well budgeting as well , if we're gonna have lots of different interchangeable components . we can make these things out of wood , titanium , plastic or rubber . I suppose rubber is the closest to spongy , I was thinking titanium myself . I have been influenced by pictures of iPods , I think many of us would associate those with fancy . it would be uh a a very simple product that would have a spongy sleeve that would be interchangeable . So Perhaps perhaps that desi that particular suggestion needs to go back to management W w would it be helpful if um I described the components a bit , I think possibly it might be more useful if Kate went next . I was really thinking a lot about the I_ uh the iMac kind of gel gem tone . you're gonna be a little disappointed with some of the things I have to tell you , I've been looking at the the basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate , and I've had some discussions with the ma manufacturing division , who have told me what's actually available , you know , what the current state of the art in components is , and some of the exciting new things they've got , this is the innards of a remote control um . and that's the the back of the interface . And this is a push-button one , so you see these little little buttons here , they're little rubber rubber buttons that go through onto the the board at the back and they push these buttons here . that's the basic construction that we've got to got to accommodate . We got to have something that pushes the little buttons that um talk to the chip that encodes the message that sends the the message to the receiver . So first of all um I wanna talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy source . Um we can have your bog standard double double A_ batteries in a replaceable um little compartment . We can have a hand a wind-up , yeah , but i it maybe is doesn't quite go with the um the fruit and veg . Um one that one that I think is quite interesting is the kinetic energy source , where um you you actually get the energy by moving the device , Or we we had talked about solar power , but I thing that we agreed that that's not so good in the dark . I'm afraid this is the options we've got on on the case . It can be made of plastic , rubber , wood o if you like , or titanium . Um and the nearest we've got to st to spongy there I guess is rubber , and basically it can have a flat surface , a curved surface or a double curved surface , but I think if we wanna use standard components , we're gonna have difficulty with anything much beyond that . push button , that's that's the one we're all familiar with . what does the interface look like ? Um we can have scroll buttons and the the scroll button can incorporate a push , so you can have it like on a mouse where you can use it to go up and down , change volume or channel or something like that and push to select something . Um you can have multiple scroll buttons , And we can also incorporate an L_C_D_ display in the remote , but this will increase the cost . Um the electronics that actually makes the device work , we've basically got three , simple , regular , advanced , If we want the nice cheap one , the simple , then we can only have push buttons . Um pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll buttons . And the manufacturing devision tell me that they have recently developed um sample sensor sample speaker devices . I don't know what that is , but I think they think it's quite important I I think we've got two options . We can either go for a really cheap model , keep all of the costs down , Or we can have something that looks a bit nicer , I think it , um won't necessarily l uh look like a pineapple , Um but it could have an L_C_D_ screen and it could have multiple scroll buttons , Um do you have any idea if if this could if the fancy model could be done in twelve Euros fifty ? and it could have the the company's new development of the um sample sensor and speaker . I'm afraid I don't have that information available . Um manufacturing didn't actually give attach any prices to any of this , I'm afraid . so what I had been thinking was something chunky and yellow and plastic with black buttons with a logo on it . I I don't know how important that is to keep it exactly the colours of the Real Reaction company . That's before I heard about all this hot tips about the future , fruit-wise . We we could we could do um a double curved rubber one , which would allow um say a banana , but um unfortunately I see from my notes that if we do that , we have to have a push button as the interface , I don't actually have a huge amount of different information then what Kate says , just that my method was to look at the , well , my my inspirations , which was a big collection of lots of different models of remote controls and other things that use a similar sort of thing , including M_P_ three players , uh like you know , hi-fi remotes , not just television and these things . Uh having a think about the feature of ea the features of each ones , Uh I've been especially interested in the iPod style scroll wheel , um what functions we actually need , It has uh scroll wheels without without a display , but it had a similar thing to this thing on the right . So I was thinking that uh um a really simple a really simple interface with just a couple of scroll things on it um and then instead of a display the display could appear on the television screen . and it comes up with what's showing on that channel at the moment , you can scroll along and you can see what's on the other channels while you're watching the same channel on the screen . Uh but I'm also equally taken with this chunky plastic kiddie remote , um which is really nice and fun and good to hold and nice , big , easy buttons to press , but still quite simple and quite cost effective . what seems kind of ideal for me would be to just have a fairly simple , uh not fancy but not totally minimalist , I mean just pretty simple plastic , probably , I was thinking , yellow and black , just because that's the company's colours , with very very few buttons , but that would correspond to a screen that would appear on the television screen , like , you know , just small along the bottom Yeah , I'd I'd certainly support that idea . And uh and I definitely support uh the use of plastic and or rubber . I mean titanium would be great , but I think it might be a bit too expensive and too kinda spacey . we can't for example have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately . But as for actually arranging them let me go back to the to the picture of the kiddie one . And I quite like it , 'cause it's just smooth and hand-held and it's got these easily reachable buttons so something a bit like that with buttons arranged in a kind of circle . Up , down , left , right . Do you want scroll buttons in that as well ? I I was thinking not actually scroll , like a like mouse scroll , like this s style thing where you c have up , down , left and right . And enter in the middle , and when when you click on each one , it you can go into a new menu for that . It seems that that uh you guys are quite keen on the plastic , Uh just something else I need to bring to your attention Um we need to come up with some specifics of the components , um the materials , things like making the decision on the energy um and the case and the interface type things . If we're k trying to keep it colourful and slightly organic , then I think titanium's too futuristic . Whereas a plastic's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else . And the the having the the the screen on the television screen I think is a good idea , I think I think that's a g nice clean design , But they all have this this feature of this uh It's not quite a scroll wheel , but it's a kind of selection in this circle , But we can implement it with simple push buttons , either a channel up and down , volume up and down , next appearing programmes up and down , uh and then also when you get into the different menus on the screen , it's got your things like settings and contrast up and down . So all you really need is these four buttons with the enter in the middle . Do you think we could put it in a in a fruit colour ? And have it abstract . we could call like a fruit name , Mm . We we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you'd rather if you feel if you like the spongy I'm thinking maybe we need to be a little bit more abstract if the design constraints are so This is actually the volume up and down , but they both say V_ on them , so uh we do need to avoid little ambiguities like these . But we wouldn't have a specific volume up and down . If we're having the scroll wheel , then it's gonna double up as all the other up and down functions . They want us to decide what form of energy are we going to use , which the choices that we've discussed were pretty much battery , kinetic or solar . You were saying that the kinetic would be useful , um as opposed to a battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or um keep replacing the batteries . Um or solar that you'd have difficulty with it if it's a dark day , that it'll die on you , and no way to do it . unfortunately I don't have costing information . I i in terms of workability , I I think the the two front-runners are the standard battery or the kinetic , What's the uh feelings of the group on the kinetic ? I've used kinetic in terms of watches you don't even notice um that it's there . I've never come across it before , but it sounds fantastic . it would make the whole thing a lot lighter , more convenient . a good selling point . So the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it's at all possible . But it does depend how much I mean how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs . Mm . Um the next thing that they wanted us to do was look at chip on print as a decision . Um chip on print is just a manufacturing technique um and I would certainly recommend it , I think , Um what about the case ? I think they're talking there about do we want wood , plastic , titanium or rubber , Do you not think it might need like a kind of a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside , and then a kind of spongy Yeah , s thick spongy cover , and I think we've discussed not having titanium . Um we've sort of eliminated wood . We said plastic or rubber . I'd I'd need to talk to manufacturing again about whether that's actually possible , but I agree , it's uh sounds like a nice idea if it is . Um the next part they want is the user interface concept . Then I'll just say I support either from a marketing point of view I support either decision that the designers make on that . like four buttons , up , down , left and right with enter in the middle , that will correspond to a menu on the screen . I'd like push buttons with but the next meeting starts in thirty minutes . Um this is gonna sound weird , And they actually want a look and feel design , user interface design , Marketing they want product evaluation . Um the look and feel design is for Kate , uh Steph gets the user interface design , Um the two of you get to play with a Pla modelling clay um to do a prototype . you get product evaluation . Uh and everybody gets individual instructions in the usual way . And that's the end of this meeting . 