so I just wanna rather than going uh Miss Marketing and Miss this and Miss that wanted to know your names again . Okay , right , welcome to meeting B_ . Um this is gonna go a lot better than the last meeting , basically , uh 'cause I know what I'm supposed to be doing now . and , uh yeah , I'm just here to sort of liaise between the three of you and get things going , get people talking and and I'm gonna be making notes and sending them off to the powers that be and stuff basically . what this meeting is all about is um I'm gonna have some presentations from all three of you , We'll we'll uh talk about what we actually need as a final coming together of it all . So I want each of your presentations to not be too long , five five minutes , something like that . This meeting it's not very long . It's uh probably down to about thirty five minutes now . Um if you haven't done a PowerPoint thingy , it doesn't matter , I'm gonna draw it on the board then . So um the idea is that we've got the energy source um , So um I think maybe uh two batteries , then on the uh remote control itself will have um the sender for the signal , which could be uh an infra-red signal , um which will be sent by an electronic chip . Is a battery like the only way of No 'cause like cha 'cause always changing um um batteries can get like annoying . swi I th I th I think changing your batteries once every six months is not really a pain , but as far as the infra-red signal , do we have control over , you know , how far away you can be from the receiving unit , the the T_V_ , and still have it be operational ? It's never gonna be more than it's never gonna be , you kno unless you've got a T_V_ the size of a football pitch , it's not doesn't have to go that far , Well , we can make the the signal strong enough to go through walls if if you fancy it . Yeah , yeah I d it sounds like you you w don't wanna overcomplicate things . How about Bluetooth ? Yeah , and basically uh , as far as methods , I was I was looking looking at looking at uh already existing remotes , trying to find some inspiration from designs that are already out there . And so in the research that I was doing there's basically two types of remotes , I mean people want a remote that's familiar , that has their favourite functionalities um and and does the basics , but Um so things that seem like absolute must-haves uh would be a volume control , uh channel keys up-down , but then also a numerical key pad so that they can just key directly to the channel that they want , rather than doing up-down , ones that are engineering centred and ones that are more user centred , judging from what what we all talked about during our last meeting I kind of gathered that that's what we were going after , So , the engineering centred ones uh provide a lot of functionality , so the user centred ones just focus on ease of use . Um have you found that anyone else has do has looked into the locking function or No that that that seemed like a novel idea as f as far as I know . what uh do you guys have a a yea or nay on that a feeling about whether that's really necessary ? I would say it's If it's simple to do , Um I've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred well , something we should take into account is um we've gotta keep the corporate image within this remote control unit . It's gotta d look like it's in the R_ and R_ . and what I didn't mention yet really is is the sort of like the ergonomic design . Uh , everything is going t ergonomic , you know , and that could be one of our niches p sort of uh uh in the market , I guess . Um . Well , for our marketing report uh we observed remote control users in a usability lab , So seventy five per cent of users find the remote control ugly . Um current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user . Um eighty f eighty per cent of them would spend more money if the rem remote control looked really cool and fancy . I was thinking something easy to use , especially for older people . Um has to look really cool , flashy groovy for people to buy it . and also we asked them whether they wanted whether they'd be interested in um voice activating . What about just from the the prospective of our manufacturing cost ? most people that have the money are people from the age of thirty five to fifty five , It's older generation , they're the ones that have gone out and but the younger generation who we are catering for , like who have most of the money nowadays , do want a voice act speech recognition in a remote . Voice activation might not be the best . I would say scra I'd say scrap that straight off . Um also with um with buttons , a thing called R_S_I_ , we should probably consult with our legal department uh . I'll see if I can get see if I can get hold of them for the next meeting . I think we can do some really in in that department , the the ergonomic department , we can make some some really good improvements . we've decided that it's gonna be , you know uh , we're going for a basic television remote . I think , we should just go with the simplest option on everything , uh and that would be infra-red , energy source , that would be batteries . Doesn't have to go through a wall , because you're not gonna be looking through a wall . Uh mean we we can look into using the s , you know , the little tiny weeny batteries , all like special long-lasting batteries . Um . oh have you guys found out if we can if we can e-mail stuff to each other ? Can you all d e-mail me your e-mail addresses ? So are we headed towards like a b a big yellow and black remote as far as I I kind of thought it was blue writing on a yellow background , Well , it's like white on i white and blue on a black background with white with yellow borders . Can't we have different colours in the remotes , And this is something that came on down from from the higher ups , so , I mean , we are sort of beholden to them . So we have to have it one colour . Not one colour , but the pattern needs to be recognisable . but you have to look at the product and instantly know that it's one of our products so maybe , so you can have a look at our our other products and see if they all follow a s similar vein , perhaps . But it could come in different colours and have the R_R_ colours just somewhere And um , I think we uh stop for lunch now . 