um we decided to use a kinetic charger , standard chip , um 'cause it can come in various different sizes , We wanted a stand-by function . The case material is gonna be soft , rubbery , changeable . Um buttons with a combination of L_C_D_ and rubber according to the design . Um bright funky designs inspired by fruit , keeping with the hip kind of feel . Um and to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that . Prototype presentation . Um and the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-R_S_I_ . Me and William worked on a prototype , and I think William is going to make a p presentation on that . I can hold it like and I'll I'll show you the presentation . And we'll first look at the exterior of what we've uh come up with over there . Um It's gonna have a a plastic body um with a sort of standard colour , either we're thinking some something fairly neutral like a a white or a light blue or something . This is underneath the rubberised the rubberised uh outer casing um which there'd be sort of a wide choice Um the um wide choice of colours and sort of patterns , Um it's obviously an a sort of clam-shell design and uh the um the top L_C_D_ screen that you can see that would b would be sort of um how do you say , it's yeah yeah , it would be sort of inset into the into the top The black and white touch screen and the buttons at the bottom would d so so it'll fully close flat . we've um already said d decided on the kinetic batteries , which actually , thinking about it now , could y could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as well , So put it in the top section rather than the bottom sections , Um we decided that um the voice recognition system , it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in and they were fairly easy to get a-hold of , so we presumed that they'd also be quite cheap . So you'd have something like where you'd shout out , where where is the remote and it'll shout back , I'm here , or something . Um the standard , there's be a standard transmission with the T_V_ using using all the standard chips that we've talked about . obviously 'cause it's split over two two different layers , it would need two separate P_C_B_s , so it would be joined at the hinge through some sort of cabling . And uh because , obviously , all T_V_s use this , the same infrared medium , we'd just be using using the same thing to transmit the data . And the infrared um sender would be on the on one of the bot the bottom layer , just at the front of the So when you've actually got it open , it would be facing the T_V_ . And then finally um on to the interface . The top screen , as we said , is would be an inset um black and white L_C_D_ s touch screen which yeah would uh have all of all of the the available functions for for the remote on it , uh whereas the bot the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons , like the vo volume up and down , channel up and down , power on and off , and uh things to that effect . And now we've we also decided on the inside , we could possibly either have um some some kind of sort of bezzled uh logo on it , or something inset , or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top . But not interfering with the outside kind of look of the product And finally that's how we put the fashion back into electronics , as that is that's the company logo . Um I've now got evaluation criteria . This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the the criteria that we got from our market research . the collection of the criteria , as we saw in our previous meeting , was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company . are we actually meeting those trends and requirements ? So it's what we've discussed in the last meeting , The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel , technological innovation , it should be easy to use , it should incorporate current fashion trends , and those the two main ones , they were the spongy texture and the fruit and vegetable strong design colours . The design should minimise R_S_I_ and be easy to locate and we were still um uh slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there , though that did seem to be the favoured strategy , We're going to use a seven point scale , where one is true and seven is false . and I will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here . Is it everybody is going to evaluate , or just the Market w we'll discuss each one and we'll come to a consensus rating between one and seven . I won't write all of that out again . It will just be criteria one , two , three , four , five , six , Actually , it might be an idea , if we each did give our own individual rating , and we could take an average at the end . So I'll just separate the ratings by obliques , and if we go one , two , three , four , we know who's who . Criteria A_ , the fancy look and feel . My own rating for that would be a two . Two and three quarters ? criteria B_ , criterion B_ , technologically innovative . I would give that a three . I'd give it a one . It's just two point five for that one . ease of use . Based on what you've said there , I would say a one , true . I would say a two . I would say a two . One point seven f five . it incorporates current fashion trends , I'm just thinking , before I give it my rating , you were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here . Is this actually going to be the colours that you would use ? the the base colour was um white or or like or l sort of a light blue , but the changeable fa faces would uh allow you to get any basically any one of a number of colours that uh th it's full sort of customised . So we could use any strong fruit and veg colours and that's what we're intending to do . 'cause th that's that's the the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it , In that case it's got to be a one for me . Yeah , I'll give it a one as well . to does the design minimise repetitive strain injury . I don't think we've really touched on that a lot . we haven't really come up with anything that we felt could feasibly reduce that . but the very use of a remote control , if you're someone who's zapping , who's sitting like that , and we found so many people did , how do you minimise that on such a small device ? the type of button that we're gonna use in the bottom half , the material , minimises R_S_I_ but with the amount of stuff we're putting on it isn't that much . I think I'm gonna have to be neutral on that and give it a four . I'd uh I'd f I'd go for a five , actually , And finally , last but not least , easy to locate . Now we talked about voice recognition , we talked about a beeper , Yeah , it was it was uh a voice voice recognition , have the designers come to any dec real decision on that ? And are we happy with the costs on that ? That is going to be feasible , cost-wise . Yeah , yeah , that yeah , that's feasible . And if you didn't hear it in the room that you were standing in , then you'd realise that it wasn't in that room , you'd go into another room . it would be quite loud . That's a one for me . I do realise that we might be being fairly biased , 'cause it is our product , We've got our our we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the uh six criteria there . That is for um incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate . The lowest rating we've got , which is really n it's not terribly low , i it's close around neutral is for uh the minimisation of repetitive strain injury . Do we feel on the basis of tha of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and now produce this as a prototype and market it , or do we have to make further modifications ? I don't think so . We happy to go ahead ? I think we yeah . I think we're set . I think for most of those ratings that it's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that , I'll just leave it there . I've got finance here now . We just type numbers into this and we come out with the final value . So are we still on for kinetic ? Yeah . See , it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning . Um it might have influenced our choice . It was a regular chip on print you you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells , there should just be one . one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker . One double curve . 'cause it's two . what's a single curve then ? It would just be a flat bottom with one curve . like a domed thing . Um we've got plastic and rubber , I think rubber , since it's being used just as a casing , See , it says case material . we're not actually using plastic in the case , There's nowhere else we can code for the the rubber used in the casing . So do we not have to account for it in the cost somewhere there ? Or sh we should just put it in as one , because the plastic is zero anyway . special colour , do we need that ? Might do , if we go for some of the more exotic aubergines and such like colours . the push-button's one and L_C_ display one . I think we could change the battery also . Instead of going for kinetic how about going for a standard battery . and I really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities , we could actually do much more to minimise that . and just actually making the rubber case the curved thing , is that going to make a difference ? so the highest we've got is the electronics here . Um and the interface . If we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries , would that make a huge difference ? it um it would make one difference . What I feel is , customers never said anything about the battery . but if you take away the voice recognition , then you've got it . If you took away that , that'll make it twelve point three five . If we change it to the battery it's that's minus three . We could do the voice recognition for , you know , business class or something , you know , like an upgraded version . I don't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now , because they w they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for better product . We can put in our recommendations . If we if we're working to head office specifications as this is what this project team's working for , we can put in our recommendations for what we've we've found and what we the consensus that we've come to as a result of the meetings . Um as you say , we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers So if we take voice recognition out That'll do it . Twelve point three five . Is it twelve point fif was it twelve point fifty ? we are close to the budget . So we are under the budget . Product evaluation . We've done room for creativity , Because we've got decisions that we would have made that we weren't didn't feel able to make . Um I presume we discussed leadership and teamwork . Although we had our separate tasks , I think we had a nice time . there was so much interaction , so much that we needed to um bounce off each other . in that in relevant areas we've been able to , you know , give and take and adjust our remit where necessary . Yeah , I think there was uh very constructive feedback by everybody . We came to a very predic creative design , yeah . And Sarah , you coordinated the work very well . I think it would have made it into the final product if it was actually if if if we'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out , I think maybe it would've come out a d little different , although we didn't quite make the voice recognition in there , but that's that's good . I liked the fact that we could say an idea and it'd be suggested that that wasn't the best idea , but no one felt like shot down , you two created that wonderful specimen of a Play-Doh model . Um means , whiteboard , digital pens , etcetera , what does that mean ? Any ideas ? How do we evaluate the materials we had for communicating and sharing information ? Could it've been better , I think I think we probably woulda used the outer email system more , had we actually had had more time and if we'd been separated more . I think it's new ideas in general , It's really borrowing from other areas , it's , you know , bringing things from other areas in , Surprising to me is like uh people give a lot of attention to modifying mobile phones , like a real want to see a new launch or something like that . but nobody giving uh much idea to this . I think it's really good that this has been very market research based , because just going back to mobile phones , I mean this is the first change in remote control devices that I can really , you know , say is is obvious and visible . We see it in mobile phones a lot , and tha that's where we've borrowed a lot of our ide our ideas from . There are innovations in that that people don't really want . and I think it's wonderful our company's so R_ and D_ based . Um our costs are below budget with recommendations that they the budget be increased , Do you think that's takes into account um overheads like us being well paid kind of a thing ? And the heating for the building , do you think our budget includes everything , all the costs that are going out ? I think it was just the produc uh just the production cost of the phone . I think we've done very well to get within budget Um and we've got the meeting survey and questionnaire . There's a final questionnaire . we've got about fifty minutes to catch up with everything that I fell behind with , I think I've got minutes for two of the meeting and the last thingy . 