Well this is the uh final detailed design meeting . Um we're gonna discuss the look and feel design , the user interface design , and we're gonna evaluate the product . And the end result of this meeting has to be a decision on the details of this remote control , um and then I'm gonna have to specify the final design in the final report . we said we were gonna have a snowman shaped remote control with no L_C_D_ display , no need for talk-back , it was hopefully gonna be kinetic power and battery uh with rubber buttons , maybe backlighting the buttons with some internal L_E_D_s to shine through the casing , um hopefully a jog-dial , and incorporating the slogan somewhere as well . Um , there are a few changes we've made . Um , well look at the expense sheet , and uh it turned to be quite a lot expensive to have open up and have lots of buttons and stuff inside , this is gonna be an L_C_D_ screen , um just a a very very basic one , very small um with access to the menu through the the scroll wheel and uh confirm Uh , apart from that , it's just pretty much the same as we discussed last time . the advanced functions are still hidden from you , but they're hidden in the sense that um they're not in use . Um they're in the L_C_D_ panel and the jog-dial ? The L_C_D_ panel just displays um functionally what you're doing . If you're using an advanced function right , like um c brightness , contrast , whatever , it will just say It might even be one , a bit more complex L_C_D_ panel with pictures like maybe the sun or the , you know , the the symbols of the various functions . That's a number pad . Where are we gonna have the slogan ? just like right inside there . Well we want the other buttons to be big enough to push easily with a finger so we reckon maybe that'll be about the same size as the palm of your hand . So we're talking about ten centimetres . We're gonna have again the the sort of the foggy um yellow from last time that lit up when you pushed the button . uh I'm just gonna bring up the idea of colours . this button um , because it's red it's sort of very prominent , we're gonna use it as uh it can be the power button if you hold it for maybe two seconds it'll send a stand-by signal . Um apart from that it's gonna be used as a confirm button for the L_C_D_ screen Oh we've discussed how h high it is , but how wide is it ? be about th three and a half . what else can you do ? Um you can skip straight to a channel using these buttons . but um because we've got the the L_C_D_ and the jog-dial we just thought we'd um use that as the volume . And what else do you do with the jog-dial ? Um you can use it for um more advanced functions like contrast , colour and Um a lot of these things will have to be um free and open for users to define them . Audio , we have like your basic y your base , your mid-range , your high range . left-right balance , um maybe even pre-programmed sound modes , We can now have a little look at the the Excel sheet and price listing , and see if we need to um if we need to rethink anything at all . for this first part here power-wise , have we got battery ? Do we have kinetic as well ? No . And that's because of cost restraints is it ? Yep . We need an advanced chip I think , yep . So we want double-curved ? I think we're gonna have to skip the rubber . um and we wanted special colours didn't we ? For the case itself , one colour . It's one special colour . We've got push buttons as well . So we're w w quite far over . Okay let's just be safe and put like say four buttons for that one . something's gonna have to go . Um we're at sixteen point eight and The other thing could be that um you could take away the L_C_D_ panel and the advanced chip together , so when we scroll we need just some way to get the T_V_ to respond , It It needs to be more than one big button because if you open up your phone , underneath there's actually one button underneath , it's just that the panel itself is a single panel . or the colours , you could take away s colours for th for the buttons . No can do . Um so then these just become normal coloured buttons , And now we're under budget . sort of deep enough to be comfy to hold in your hands rather than being wide and flat . width-wise we're looking at about what three centimetres or something ? How how tall do you envisage it being ? About two centimetres , okay . Maybe closer to three even or two and a half . Okay we'll s we'll say two point five . but um just in in that we want this to be stylish , should we think a little bit more out of the box in terms of a button grid , I think that's something that's very hard to catch , so you you restrict the number of people who wanna try something . What about button shape ? Square buttons ? Yeah Maybe we should do the design evaluation first . discuss uh how satisfied we all are with um with these four points , I've reviewed all of the um the points of discussion from the beginning , and used that as a criteria of evaluation for the um uh for the current design uh th or the plan , So to sort of b bring together two things , sort of design goals and also the market research that we had , uh when we rate this , one is v high in in succeeding or fitting to our original aim and seven is low , and um we've been asked to uh to collectively rate this , So the first one uh , stylish look and feel . I rate that pretty highly . Okay let's go with five then . Fi oh uh just actually the opposite . Let's go with two point five then . high tech innovation . so we've had to remove a few of our features we wanted , but jog-dial Yeah about three , okay . Style reflects a fruit inspired colour , design . the the yellow is more representative of the colour , Okay , the blue the blue colours and don't re don't actually represent the colour , so we'll go two . and um design is simple to use , simple in features . I mean I'd give that nearly a one . Um , soft and spongy , have we achieved that ? We've used mostly plastic in the end so it's going to be quite a bit of a compromise for price . Yeah I think it's about five . logo , we've got it in there , haven't we ? And um it's within budget , yep . out of forty nine with with zero being the highest . We are at uh two , seven , eight , ten , fifteen point five . So it's pretty good . I thought okay in theory this kind of a process would be about refining our design , revisiting our original goals . It's not something I need to p push through , but I thought should we thinking more about the dimensions , um sort of like more of a three dimensional shapes as well as opposed to just that flat um uh well next up then , because we've done finance , is the project evaluation . Um well do you wanna um just individually say what you think about about these four points and Well d do you feel though that that you were able to have quite a lot of creative input into the thing ? Yeah , yeah it feels as though the creativity goes on when we leave , and then we come here and then we kind of put out our ideas and then , you know . But I don't I don't think it means the room as in this room . answering the question uh in those terms I'd say that actually there's sort of a tease of creativity We're told okay um think in terms of style and look and feel and technology , but build something for twelve and a half pounds , so actually the creativity was more more of like a um a f sort of a f formality then an actual The constraints do come in very fast . it's um it is quite a lot of fun t to go and then you have sort of hit the end then go right , gotta cut everything out 'cause we don't have enough money . I think another point is that the meetings um are more brainstorming sessions than meetings , and I think the fact that we're wearing these things restricts it it it does actually you know affect how , w whether you feel comfortable to communicate . and and the time the time given also restricts In in reality I think here the the different elements of leadership such as the the original b briefing and then the personal coach and the and then you know having having you with your the meeting agenda is actually quite a quite a quite a con confining framework to work within . And so it is leadership almost to the point of sort of disempowering the the the team member , so But it's not bad leadership , it's just sort of s fairly strong , you know . I think the interactions are very structured . So you think maybe a little too controlling or Yeah , oh yeah , without without a doubt . I don't think there's a sense of control 'cause all the decisions have been made in terms of a , like a consensus right , we go around and we think about it , Uh , reckon that was a bit hard because we could only discuss things in the meeting . uh what about teamwork ? If we could just go up to somebody outside the meeting and have a quick talk with them , that would've been a lot easier . I think the tools that they were given , the tool set that were given to us are fancy but they don't support collaboration , I think that's the word . I mean sort of taking upon that idea , w the way I see this i is that it's uh the the s the structure in which we've we've approached this whole task is quite contrary to the p principle of teamwork because the the tasks were d d sort of um divided , and then the work went on in isolation I think the whiteboard , for me , is the kind of thing I would use all the time , maybe just in the way that we we use it , in the sense that once we have an idea out there or while work was going on in between meetings , that could have been up on a board uh you know as opposed to in like in text . I know that people who design cars and you know in aviation they quite often just have a simple like fibreglass prototype and it's completely you know um abs abstract from the final product , but they use it as a kind of a context to sort of walk around and puzzle and and point and discuss and in a way everybody's as we discuss things in the in theoretically and out of our notebooks , we're actually just each of us discussing something that's in each of our own minds . I think um the the focus of it a lot was the PowerPoint as opposed to the to the whiteboard , and I think that m um is also does you know hinder us and things I think . And a lot of the information on the PowerPoints , I don't think , you know , we needed to actually it could have , we could have gone through it verbally , What about the digital pens , did you find them easy enough to use ? Oh they're a bit clunky . Having to tick it before you go off was a bit hindering as well , But I think the pen is v is very intuitive , So I think the pen's good . And o on the topic of the technology , it just occurred to me that we actually didn't need to move our computers because each computer has all of the files . We only actually needed one computer . And the computer may not um be conducive to a meeting because um you tend to look at your computer and wanna have the urge to check something , you know , , the w main one for me is that uh the process na in a natural f context would not have been interrupted by this necessity to discommunicate ourselves from each other . well you know it's kind of s hard to keep f working forward on a team a team based project when when you're told you must now work away from your team . I think it was quite good that we had time limits on the meetings because they really could have run on I really thi i I think maybe if we'd like all been working in the one room , and they just said you know like every hour or something everybody make sure yo you know just have a have a short meeting and then just c And we have Ninja Homer . Well apparently now I write the final report . I'm slightly gutted that we couldn't get plastic and rubber , Oh , I did learn something new , Play-Doh is useful . It is useful and in in in in in in in um conceptualizing , in being creative . Like we were playing with the Play-Doh and the ideas came with the Play-Doh rather than with everything else . It becomes tangible . 