my name's Adam Duguid , Ebenezer Ademesoye . I'm the Marketing Expert . Tarik Rahman . T_A_R_I_K_ . Uh , Dave Cochrane . And you're going to be the User Interface , This is the agenda for today's meeting . As you can see , w opening , acquaintance , tool training , project plan discussion , and closing . the reason we're here , we're gonna design a new remote control , The very broad overview is original , trendy , and user-friendly . We're gonna have the three kay phases , the functional , architectural , and the detailed design . Um First one's gonna be covering the user requirement spec , technical functions , working design . Second seems to be conceptual components , properties , materials , and the last one is a detailed analysis of our design so far . Ebenezer , you wanna have a you wanna draw your favourite animal ? Here we have an elephant . Tarik , would you like to have a shot at a bit of artistry ? Uh , here we have a tiger . Uh Dave , if you'd like to uh have a dash . Um Um , the monkey , um . but uh cats are one of my favourite animals , Project finance . As you can see , twelve point five Euros per unit . and we're hoping to sell them for twenty five . If we're aiming for fifty million Euros we're gonna have to be selling an awful lot of them . that was profiting , Any ideas of where you think a new remote control could go into this market ? one thing I'm aware of is , th there uh um at the sort of v very high price end of the market there's there's a em emerging market for sort of touch screen L_C_D_ remotes that can be uh programmed in m much more sophisticated ways than sort of conventional models , Um b it occurs to me there might be a niche for uh for a remote that aimed towards some of that sort of functionality but using a just conventional push button design . And therefore putting it into a um well much lower price bracket . with the price range we're looking at , going for a touch screen would probably be possibly out of our Absolutely prohibitive , But you think uh again something to control multiple units in uh a simple fashion . I mean you get ones that you can switch between multiple units , and ideally something into which it would have some at least limited facility for um running macros . Would the the idea something along the lines of , one on button would turn on say the video recorder , the T_V_ , maybe the sound system as well , all in one go , is that kind of you pr uh you press uh say the play button for the D_V_D_ player and it turns the T_V_ on and onto the right channel as well , um um I've noticed that uh gaming c is becoming quite popular with television , we used to e play games using our cable , using the cable subscribed the cable providers , but our remote controls would get worn out really easily , I've seen the bar-code design before , Instead of people entering in what time things start , you simply stri slide a bar to say what time it begins , and the remote control was not a great kind of keyboar , um keypad , for playing games . I think for gaming , you know you want you want some big buttons for up , down , left and right , shoot . Uh , you wanna be able to change angles in interactive television , so we'll have to try and decide on some of the basic functionality , that'll be a key aspect especially if the idea of um some kind of macros facility do you think they should have some sort of stick on it , rather than buttons ? Like uh control pads , you know of games , and that could allow n easy navigation , used as a joystick as well . Mm-hmm . The other key feature that uh that would be a good idea built into it is t is is to make something you know fairly sort of ergonomic , um , how the user interface might work , something that just fits fits as comfortably as possible into the hand . But of course , uh al al also allows for the possibility of a more sort of slightly unconventional or attractive uh sha shape for it overall , . small , stylish , and something that's just a little different . Something sort of sort of sl slightly sort of biomorphic in form , I'll write up what we've um kind of quickly done , and I'll get that out to everybody . 