Okay so we're here to talk about the detailed design of the product , And here's the agenda for this meeting . Uh I'm just gonna open , say a few boring words to start with again , and start taking minutes afterwards . You guys are gonna give us a presentation of our wonder product And then we're gonna evaluate it . Then we're gonna talk about finance , Production costs estimated by our manufacturing department and um the research department , which is us , is uh fifteen point eight Euros , we implemented the basic functions , which is just T_V_ functions plus the locator , cradle , scroll wheel for uh the the channels , and uh we implemented the f the the way of putting the new and revolutionary zapping , your favourite channels functionality , in the scroll . Scrolling through your favourites list . I like the the the the logo on there as well . Um so the scroll bar is or the scroll wheel is this this green little scrolly guy here , so this is the cradle unit , This is the teletext . So this bl this button will be used both for the favourites and for programming your uh the um the type of television you wanna use . So um the plastic is the white area of this of the model here , and the red area is like a rubber covering . and the buttons are all gonna be rubber , so it's pretty hard to actually damage it um could that be easy to for the scroll wheel to be rotated if it lands on it ? Yeah that might be a possible a mi uh possible problem , but if you drop it I take it that this is gonna be slightly lighter in the final design as well . but I think we might scale down the final model a bit . So you ha you have like the the base station with um the little button for the where's my remote . Beep beep beep . And um there's one other feature that we were debating , but we decided to go against it , we were thinking that it might be interesting to have a trigger button here because you have this finger but we couldn't figure out what button is important enough to put there . And we we don't wanna accidentally be hitting the power button like that so But maybe if you had a trigger plus the scroll then that would get past the the problem of it landing and scrolling , So maybe in a final design phase we might tweak that a little bit , But it's definitely got options for like different types of models and things as well based on that , So we'll leave the colour scheme up to the marketing people . My my s my suggestion is we're gonna go go to the silvers and blacks like most of the televisions . So you're not gonna find my uh my folder up there I gotta do mine up at the board . No it's not in there because I had the computer problem and I I I cou I couldn't create it . And when I speak about method I speak about the marketing of the product huh . And uh to me with this product we got uh we got basically three things to market . We've got the features , we have the uh characteristics , The the corporation stands behind the product , okay . we've got you know the features that make this a unique product . Um we have reliability , we have comfort , we have ergonomics , we have environmentally s sensitive . One thing I would want to to see is uh is can we can we get a lifetime uh guarantee on this product , a normal use guarantee , it has the features and the characteristics , and the background , I believe , to make it marketable I believe at a cost of of of thirty thirty five to to fifty Euros . We're gonna be competitive , and we're gonna we're gonna have a market niche . would you a argue that that we're better going for the higher cost than bringing it down into twenty f five as we probably could , but lowering our profit margins ? for my evaluation , based on what our competition is , I th I think that that we can go after this and at that cost I think it uh there's nobody else that's putting this this combination of of ingredients together . The only limitations I see to this is that we're focused on television only . There's gonna be somebody going home and say oh sh this thing doesn't work for my D_V_D_ and my but I like these other things , so they keep it , they don't take it back . Well one of one of the thoughts that I had is can can this unit be be produced in a way that makes it upgradable ? W we need we need we need s some more buttons if it would to work on some other stuff , but Yeah , the plus there's the the risk of making it unusable as well , or making it less b because at the moment it's actually very straightforward to look at all the buttons , Okay so we can talk about finance now . So I have a little spreadsheet for us I've made a f few assumptions here in that I'm assuming that our power adaptor we can make for a cost of four Euros , which I think is probably fair considering that we have in-house manufacturing of power adaptors already . Uh and I'm assuming that the locator beacon , uh can be made for a similar price to uh an L_C_ display , um I do think we that we we uh don't need the events chip on print , we only need the uh the regular chip on print , Is that a single-curved rather than a double-curved ? It's single-curved , So we come bring it down to Fifteen point four . See it's a little bit more than f single-curved . we haven't talked about any special colour though if is this intended to be a button as well or just a scroll ? That's a scroll . then we have fifteen point eight Euros . We're on to the pat-on-the-back part of the presentation , How how have we done today ? I think we did pretty well . No , I think we come up with a with a attractive marketable um product and and concept . Okay so th th what about um room for creativity ? Sh I think there was plenty of room . I think we we ended up being quite creative there . we kinda at least adjusted every every criteria they gave us yeah but we did we did break with the specs a little bit I guess , It was more of a teamwork thing then really leadership based project was These cables suck . So yeah the the pen came in alright and it's a little uncomfortable to use but I guess it works . What new ideas have we found ? Well we had the favourites list , and the scroll bar , and we have the cradle , and the r uh remote call feature . Yeah comfortable headsets would be nice . And of course I did not have so much fun with my computer this afternoon . Are the costs within the budget ? Not the original budget , but they are now . So we need to close this meeting , Is the project evaluated ? 