So we are here for the functional design meeting mm I will take notes during this meeting so I will try to summarise it and put that summary in the shared folder if you want to look at it afterwards so then uh each of you will uh lead a presentation on the task that has been required last time We have a technical problem uh . Otherwise , could you just describe by hand ? With the the whiteboard ? So um the question well first of all what to control . So most people want to have a a remote for their hi-fi and T_V_ and stuff like that . and other people also want to have remotes for controlling um whole house . so there's a project I think called X_ house or something like that that does that , uh you can integrate your remote with uh computers stuff . the finder feature yeah by whistling or whatever . Uh if you have the finder feature then you can also have uh at the same time as and general voice commands if you want yeah . so the user interface will consist of two parts . Uh and th the buttons part would be uh a set of buttons for choosing devices , a set of buttons for special navigation in space , a set of buttons for linear access of medium and a set of buttons for random access . What do you mean by linear access then ? Like a video tape goes forward , backwards , uh fast and stuff yeah . For special navigation for example you might have a T_V_ in the menu and you going to change yeah ? and also parameter changing . So if there are common parameters maybe we should put special buttons for that um or maybe we could have everything uh generic Voice command w we could specify anything . We could assign any button a command to any button , if we have enough processing power , Um I dunno if you can open the Short-cut to AMI shared folder ? Maybe you can send it to me by email . I will try to show it to everyone , in our usability lab we observed the remote control use among one hundred subjects and the subjects also filled a questionnaire so you can see that um seventy five per cent of users find most remote controls ugly Eighty per cents of users would spend more money when the remote control would look fancy . seventy five per cent of users say they s zap a lot . Uh the buttons have are to be um uh uh like you say resist resisting to to shocks . Um and fifty per cents of users say they only use uh ten per cents of but of the buttons in the in the remote control . F not many buttons , and uh and uh uh u useable buttons . but in fact we it it seems that we are going to make a T_V_ remote control according to new requirements I received from the management so they said uh they lost uh often the remote control in in the room so they want to have a way to to lot of the time they it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control . So they want something s really very simple and uh easy to use . And uh remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ so you we have to make it uh more ergonomic yeah . We know that uh the user use uh a lot their um remote control um to to change channel . Um and um to to change uh volume selection of the for the younger it's very important To have L_C_D_ and voice . and speech recognition . And uh and the others is not so important So as we say before , I think uh um a remote control lightening in the dark it's it's a good thing . Because I received that email from management board and they seems to tell that that if we want to be on the market as early as possible we should uh focus on T_V_ more where it seems that the market is more important . but I think we have some technical problem or so . So I'm just going to describe briefly what we do in the remote control . Basically we have a a battery a power supply here . After that we just have um user interface . which could be um a L_C_D_ let's say or um an array of push button , something like that . Push button or a L_C_D_ . After that we we feed that into um uh an electronic chip . So I say U_C_ and I feed that to uh L_E_D_ which is uh infrared um which is a an infrared um component . Um we just have to define the processing power that we need uh standard uh standard remote control takes maybe uh one month to to do that . So the only time problem is the sp voice recognition . I would say uh about eight months to have the first results . How much will it cost for one hundred thousand ? Usually this is less tha at two dollars per chip . and what about if we design a remote control which can be configure as you want ? another thing is that if we make something that's simple and easy to use that's bas to use immediately that means that it will be exactly the same as everything else . so maybe if we design something very simple and easy to uh find when lost it will uh add uh a serious competitive advantage so we don't have to make a very complex remote controls to access teletext and stuff like that So anyway we don't have to include this feature because it's it's not used any more by users , And then also we have to make very uh uh clear that this uh this remote control is is part of of our products and show our corporate uh logo and and colours on the on the design as well so that uh they identify it as one of our product . So before uh finishing we can uh define uh what would be the characteristic of the o th of the control of the remote control so from from the the Marketing Expert I think a key aspect is the easy to use aspect , So few buttons , channel , volume control Maybe switch T_V_ on and off I discovered that when I did a quick look , uh they do now som they do something which is quite nice now , you have a button , you you press it , and this is uh the previous channel which has come back . Maybe we can include that also . Previous previous channel button . How should they how should we implement that ? Because uh could be numerical only or could be also incremental . This is uh incremental , but once you press it for a long time , you go five by five . Because you have your previous channel button if you have incremental only it's not uh it isn't worth it because the previous channel is eith either minus one or plus one . I mean you know there is are some with a wheel like this . Instead of having the up down buttons for uh you can have the wheel . So have a wheel for incremental , have the digits uh on the lower side that can be closed I would say the wheel is better . not a a wheel but a ball , so it should be lightening in the dark I think because most people lost their remote control . and do we put an L_C_D_ display ? If you do not multi function then there is no p point in having L_C_D_ . Just increase the cost . So no L_C_D_ ? And so no speech as well because it w it would delay too much the development process Yeah . That would be cool . But eight months is really long so I we will move to next meeting so in after the lunch break and I I will make a summary of that meeting that I will put in the shared folder you can't see Uh maybe for next meeting uh send me your presentation before by email so that we can see them uh altogether . 