we uh we will wait for Anna , a few minutes . I think you can put anywhere you want , actually . It's not a directional mic , anyway . So I will try to get my presentation running . Can't help you with that . Alt F_ five . Doesn't appear on the screen here . It's working . Welcome at uh at the kick off meeting of our uh latest project . w we will try to structure this uh meeting with an a with an agenda uh as presented here . Um after the opening we will tr get acquainted to each other . See what our roles are in this project . We have been provided with uh some uh w technical tools to uh to communicate and to well , learn from each other's plans w we will also try to uh to get acquainted to this tools Um then we will come to the uh to the to the actual project plan . basically this is about a uh a new c remote control . Um You all know I hope how it's about uh the uh new r remote control we are going going to design . Uh then we will uh discuss and uh wh what uh what our new product should look lite like . When you design a new product you of uh you of course want it to be original . we want to be distinguished , So it needs to be trendy . People uh want to uh when they look at the shelf want to think , well that's the product I I need . But then , uh , it also should work uh user friendly the general outline of uh new project will be we first uh go through a functional design phase . Um You all get uh um certain task uh in this uh in this phase and uh then we will meet again and uh discuss this functional design . And the same holds for the uh ph two phases uh after this , the conceptual design and after that a a more detailed design in which the the final project should get its definite shape . but first we will do some uh tool training . and we have here a a a a white-board . I've read it from my uh from some colleague that it should work with some kind of toolbar . I didn't find out yet how it work , Under documents in the shared folder . I I I'm not fully updated about this shared folder uh . I guess we'll have a shared folder uh with documents that we can share . now we will try out the white-board we have here . Each of us is going . I I'm not really sure how this works , but shall I start ? I think for us it's just like a normal whiteboard , but they'll be recording what we write down . Maybe maybe Anna , maybe you can start . Why don't you draw uh your favourite animal on on th on the white-board . it's a dog . It's a horse . A blue and black zebra . That's that's definitely a cat . it's a shark , Let's continue to uh to the real stuff . Um our project uh finance uh thing . Uh when we are and when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five Euros , more interesting for our company of course , p uh profit aim , about fifty million Euro . to get at a international market Um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve Euro and fifty cents . They have to sell at least four million to make a profit I think w when we are working on the international market , uh in principle it has enough customers And uh now just let have some discussion about what is a good remote control and uh well keep in mind this this first point , it has to be original , it has to be trendy , it has to be user friendly . Um , maybe someone can mention some additional uh prerequisites for a good remote control . Of course it should have a on off button . i it should have the the the the expected functionality uh of a remote control . We are targ targeting the television set . You need to browse the browse the channels in upward downward way , you need to record the channels . And uh just before starting the detailed discussion , maybe we are the marketing guy ? Or I'm marketing . And you are in the u use user interface uh design . And I I'm the the industrial designer I'm Matthew . You know . Mael . Anna . A and I'm Nanne . Are there some other very important things to to do well , the browse function , as you m mentioned . And uh , you'd need the usual ones , like the changing the volume , changing the the channel Today we have uh um teletext and all those things . Tomorrow you might have a some more functions For example personal video recorder and all those stuffs are coming up . But we can't really design for something that hasn't been invented yet . Uh w y you two should should , I think , think this over uh w espec what , what functionality . thinking about the functionalities , we need to know what are the user requirements . and first before um designing the func But Ninety percent of the time , ninety nine percent of the time , people will be using the main functions , the volume , the different channels , we can have all the fancy things as well but the main controls need to be very obvious and very easy to use . Mm mm mm . Keep k keep in mind i it's a it's a twenty five Euro unit , so uh uh the the very fancy stuff uh w we can leave that out , I think . twenty five Euro you expect a quite , well normal but good functioning user friendly remote control . So we need some numbering buttons , some teletext things the main is browsing . Yeah . but but but ab about the spec the buttons , the buttons uh that will be on it . I I think we can discuss that in the in the next meeting . Uh I would like to get this wrapped up you know now the basic the basic things . just just for the next meeting , um well , uh , you wor yes , work on a design , I mean so w we will be still fle flexible with maybe adding some functions . Um you will be working on on technical function design , so And uh you and you and uh uh uh well , think about requirements , Does it need internet , or or do do we stay at basic basic television uh interface . and uh you will be informed via email and other kind of communication . next meeting will be in uh in thirty minutes uh . 