So , we're here today to to have our first kick-off meeting about uh this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes . Um so I will be uh Sebastian the Project Manager . I'm uh Michael . I'm the user interface designer . Hi I'm Guillermo . I'm the Marketing Expert . And I am Hemant , the industrial designer . Um so let's have a look to the the agenda . uh and mainly first to uh to make to to be used to the tools uh available in this nice and smart meeting room we have here . Um then we'll go to uh the plans for project and have general discussions about it . So , the goal of this project is to uh developed a new remote control . Um it should be original , trendy , and also user friendly . As usual we will follow the the project method um that we are using in the in our company . It is in three step as you know . First the functional design . The second's a conceptual design , and then the detailed design . During each step uh of each design we wi you will work uh s separately , individually on uh your specific tasks and will m we will meet to um to discuss and take decisions about uh what you've you've you did and what uh we will do next . so uh we are going to go through the white board and take some um s some notes or do some drawings . Okay so , want me to draw my favourite animal . Well , I don't really have a favourite animal , but um I'm gonna about the uh spider I dunno why , but when I was a child I I wanted to be a a panther So , not the favourite animal , but I think I'll draw elephant . Do we have some message there ? I have to catch you , We have to to go through the meeting . We can discuss that off-line . so another important part of the project is about money , So we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control which which would generate a profit of of um fifty million Euros , okay . And we should target the inter an international market . is this a stand-alone unit that we're gonna be selling ? So um we should decide which kind of remote control we want to uh we want to uh we want to go . should it be um specific remote control to some specific device ? Should it be a universal one ? so , it seems the the first thing that they've kinda specified is the price like based on how much profit we wanna make , but I guess if that's if that's the requirement that we need to to design the the product to actually fit that that price bracket So it should be the topic of maybe of the next meeting just to to have an overview of this and uh in which direction we should go . So we need to close the meeting . So um you have to work on the on the working design , you have to uh work on the technical functions , and uh you have to work on us user requirements specs , Um you will receive some information by emails , i as usual . 