So Um so in the last meeting we have discussed the functional design and now we will talk about the conceptual design . So we will talk about some specific details . Okay so I think I will do my presentation on the components concept the first thing uh I have done is to to made a review together with the uh manufactural uh department we didn't decide yet which kind of battery we will put inside the the remote . So uh it's a point to discuss . Concerning the interface uh we can we can put mm just simple buttons or scrolls or buttons uh much more complicated , but it also requires that the chip to process the button is more complicated so . And uh this is the last point , the choice of chips . So what I have f found is that I think basic battery or kinetic uh energy uh collection is the is the better way to provide energy because I think solar energy wi won't work in a cluttered uh uh environment . For the case uh well uh I think that uh titanium is um is a good choice because it's trendy For the interface uh I think that we can ach achieve uh all the desired functionalities by s just uh using uh rubber buttons , simple buttons What is this single curved Well uh uh i i it's uh it's the the shape of the um of the remote . You you will have the well um the the curve will fit into your hand when you grab the It's more confog f comfortable that if these uh it's completely flat . And the battery , is it kind of a rechargeable or it doesn't matter ? Yeah the um that's the point . The kinetic one is uh y you can recharge uh by the um and by well by just by moving the ar uh your arm the mm well the remote will uh accumulate energy . But I d I don't know it's if it is feasible because I don't know if yet if if the user will move enough to provide the remote um all the necessary energy . We we might check with our R_ and D_ department to see if they have this product ready for market . So I um keep in touch with the R_ and D_ department . So the titanium case is the normal case that I'll show you some pictures that I have and you tell me whether they are titanium case or not . 'Cause I am not very sure , plastic , titanium or whatever . There's another point I want to make , is that the uh well you've seen them I le na my presentation that um I point out some why buttons are not the mm not the only ways you can use So the user interface is uh i it uses the aspect uh of a computer system , we can uh see in our uh R_ and D_ uh if the kinetic metal is sufficient to provide enough energy . a programme which can be seen or heard or otherwise perceived by the human user and the commands and mechanism the user uses to control its operation and input data . we emphasise more on the graphical user interface here . The idea is to represent buttons as figures , diagrams , symbols and on so you you can easily when you look at the symbols you understand what it is doing . A graphical user interface emphasise the use of pictures . So the here are some examples . So they cluster the buttons together . They group them into col they colour them and uh they have different forms as well . but this interface are kind of confusing . Uh basically there are too many buttons . So some people are propose voice recognition ah by the way I receive an email from the from one our departments saying that the voice recognition has been used in the coffee machine for this by a company when you tell the you say good morning coffee machine and the machine are reply to you . And it seems like this voice recognition technology is ready to be used so we might consider that , supposedly . Mm so somebody some people use uh some people use a spinning wheel th with the L_C_ display so instead of using the mm buttons you have a L_C_D_ screen and then there you can u you can use that as buttons , Touch screen , I mean . And some people propose a scroll button . Integrated with push buttons or you may have scroll button instead of p just the push button . so there are a few aspects that I collected here . So s basically this deals with special users , children , handicapped people , old people , basically they are programmable , And then they also secure uh covers , to protect But we don't have to integrate all these complicated features . I'm just saying that the currently in the market there are there are control there are remote controllers f customisable for different people . And uh you see this is the one where you have the protection cover . Mm maybe useful for children , And for adults wh where you have more control you can see the one inside . So the adults might wanna have a key to lock that to pr so children will not touch the button inside . this is another company that provides big buttons . I see that that is useful for old people But for our product we don't need a big one because you have voice recognition e eventually with use . We should include speech synthesis in this case , no ? but uh as Norman say if uh there is uh already a commercial product available who t who do this we we can check uh to integrate it i into our uh new remote control . And uh , this is another one the the the part that's a V_ standing for the volume . So there's a up arrow and a down arrow . But you the see that in the V_ , the V_ appears to be the down arrow on the top so it's confusing interface , And here are is uh here is a s short summary that I summary that I compiled after the findings I found . Big buttons are convenient , voice recognition helps , push buttons , scroll buttons , spinning wheels can be used as navigation tools . And uh user customisable is important and finally simplicity simplicity is the key . we have many concepts there but we have to choose later on which ones are important to be used . Well I I think you it's it's it's fine you have uh reviewed all all the possibilities but uh uh well uh i if we consider that uh the user interface is displayed on the T_V_ screen I don't think we nee uh we need much buttons in the remote since we we just have to navigate and to have a okay or enter key or things like that , because uh adding wheels or scrolls uh makes the thing more complicated and more expensive also , so . Or maybe we can include the user manual in the in the remote control and we should have just a button like help and you say uh and you ik you press the button help Yeah . That's a good idea . So you are display on the screen . On the T_V_ screen the uh how to use your remote . So that eliminates all the complicated documentation , But people are often enough looking at the help , In the case where they need help , in the case where they need help . And let us see what the market demands . It's just for user customizable , for kids or old people . I mean it just showed us the remote with an cap which could be used for kids Can be used by both kids and old people . Well uh what I s propose is that uh you know a remote controller , i it could be a cube , is uh a small device that uh looks like a cube and maybe you can just change the um the buttons , if you ch turn one side you get one one buttons , you turn the other side you get the other buttons , So we just made an marketing survey of what people need from our remotes and how it could be special from the other remotes . And we got the best on the responses from the questionnaires . So seventy percent of the users , they find their remote controls very ugly , they don't find it pleasant to use in the size or usage or anything . And eighty percent of the people they are always l I mean they are willing to spend more money if the remote control would look fancy . And the current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user . And seventy five percent of the users said they zap a lot . And fifty percent say they use only ten percent of the buttons , so the rest of the ninety percent of the buttons they're not used most of the times . And also they cited frustrations with the present remote controls . fifty percent of the time the remote controls are lost somewhere in the room And um if the remote control is too complicated it takes much time to learn the functionality of it . fifty percent people they responded that they always lose their remotes and thirty four percent they say that it's quite difficult to learn if it's too complex . So keeping in view all these findings and the frustrations I think this should be the solution for them . We should have an L_C_D_ on the rem remote control . Well mm w well I I I don't really see the advantage of having uh L_C_D_ on the on the remote control if we have a a a big screen and uh display on the screen . yeah of course it's fancy trendy and so on I mean as our survey says that people are willing to pay more if their remotes are fancy . So if we have a L_C_D_ on the remote , rather than looking onto the T_V_ you just look into a remote and navigate it . It's the same menu as we have saw that iPod remote control . Yeah but when you play with the iPod you don't have a big screen in front of you , s You can use this screen instead of the big se screen , If you re-use the existing screen , we element eliminate the L_C_D_ , and if you have the colourful screen you can make the display colourful , fancy , well I think we we can focus on the uh on the fancy look on the speech recognition if the technology is available but well I think L_C_D_ will uh will uh make us spend a lot of money for not so big results . so the thing is you can find out how much an L_C_D_ will cost I mean that should be found out by the Industrial Designers . And it's always good to have an voice recognition for the remote controls . And also the cost for the speech recognition . Ask our R_ and D_ department . Yeah it's o only for a limited vocabulary , say eighty commands or so . And also the scroller button , how much will it cost . Well uh compared to the to s the simpl simpler simplest button . from the survey we never see that people would like to have some scrolling button . Because they they just they're just frightened to use the scrollings or help button . Yeah I I I think that uh well uh as we have seen in the in the presentation uh well uh about uh uh fifty percent of the of the percent n choose the button so uh I think to have uh five uh simple button is sufficient for our functionality . Or maybe we can u uh or maybe we can uh make this the ten percent of button more bigger than the others . But if i i if we if we could have a a a display uh g a user interface that is very complete on the T_V_ screen I think that just five buttons are sufficient , one to go up left right down and uh enter and you you you just select the functionality you want to access or things like that . Or it could be like this , as the people say , if they have a L_C_D_ on the remote not on the television . Because when you have the L_C_D_ onto the television screen you miss the picture in the background , So if you have then L_C_D_ in the remote , you just have a menu , and this menu when you press the menu , in the L_C_D_ displays as you go on pressing the menu it faster displays volume , then the program , then the brightness , contrast and all the stuff . And I think it's increases the cost of the the remote control if you use L_C_D_ . I because if there are few buttons , you don't have to look at your your controller any more I think that there's no contradiction here , so if you wanna control the screen d sh sharpness you just say sharpness and then you t turn you just press lef increase or decrease button if you had the speech recognition there you just shout your channel , so finally that wil eliminates the the need for L_C_D_ , And the third problem was to find the remote control . But the uh the thing is is i is that we can add a functionality on the on the T_V_ screen But they are just less used compar It doesn't mean that the other buttons are not necessary or important . and then you choose with the with the button to well you navigate Well so we we can think about a well a a vocal command like uh find You will listen to a peep , special peep . that's exactly what I mean by voice commander . uh it's always boring to change the batteries of the remotes control , and whenever we don't use the remote control we put it in the charger . so we have some one charger there And when we're using that t remote and if we misplace somewhere , in the charger we have a small button , and just by pressing the button in the charger the uh remote control beeps , wherever it is . And that's a good idea , I mean it doe it also doesn't require a voice command , because there are problems with a voice command . I mean charger would be fixed what we can do is we can program a function whereby when you press the switch off T_V_ button , the off button , the remote there be s uh instruction on the screen , please charge charge me . because uh every time you're off the computer the T_V_ you are asked the the command the T_V_ com remote controller would tell you to put it back to where to the charger . You never get it lost And of course the final point is a fancy look . As we have seen earlier the remotes which were displayed by Norman they weren't fancy , I mean mm very big or something with lot of buttons . But you can have an button for child lock . I mean uh I mean uh I mean uh you see if it's like that even a kid who wants to have a control he could just plug it and use it , you can't avoid him . So just by pressing the button with some code , you t you put a lock onto the remote , so that he can't use even Well we can think about uh having uh on the on the on the user interface when you switch on the T_V_ you can uh well write a code or choose a category , if it is kids , uh things like that . Or maybe you have to to show some specific programmes for kids I think these other four points they're the market demands and so it's for the user interface design and industrial design to just think So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use , where to use , and s uh and so on . I think we need to define also a s the set of vocabularies for the speech recogniser Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th uh these could be included . because uh if you want uh say we can sort by channels or sort by T_V_ programs , you have to decide a category of vocabularies for them . and you can say to your remote control like uh sports and then on the T_V_ you have a list with with uh uh well with sports program playing now we have a problem there . You see uh if you have a voice commands and you are s you are watching a score on uh basketball score or something , and if the score comes twenty four thirty five , you've just say twenty five and suddenly the screen the channel goes to twenty five . Well but well e every possible word uh has a probability to come about of the T_V_ so . So I think there should be a prefix to some numbers Ordinary twenty five you almost there's a probability of being said around sixty seventy percent and T_V_ twenty five I dunno it will be round about one or two percent . But I I I think that the user would like wou would like to associate the channel or call the channel rather than than the numbers . That will be too big . And it will be difficult for the vocabulary also . Check with the v R_ and D_ department the capability of recogniser . It will be difficult to say just the name of the channel . but you have to to have all the name of the channel in your vocabulary . Als might be you just forgot the channel name , you kno only know the number . Or maybe the user can create his own vocabulary , I think there's another way you can do is that uh you can uh if when the user ch press a button to choose the channel for example , then what you can do is that the you can make the T_V_ screen to split them into small little little squares of images where you you you have a snapshot of every channel , you just use the control button uh , you just you you just choose the the option you want Or lets the user create his own vocabulary of channel . Just you have uh in the beginning you have uh t you have to train the s well the the speech uh r recogniser should be able to distinguish between the two . if if there is uh more than one person who is watching T_V_ If we are using the television in the different environments , say in the factories or in the shops where there is a lot of noise and this voice commands if they fail to work , that would bring a bad name bad uh reputation for our company . So I think we should specify some pre-requirements if we want to use a voice commands , Or we can switch on or switch off the the special , yeah . well I think that's a good uh a good option because it's simple and uh simple to implement also , so . Maybe we'll discuss them in next meeting . I think these are the practical problems . So we need to take care of them in the design . It's time to close this meeting . 