I will open our functional design meeting . we will have the three presentations from the In Industrial Designer , User Interface Designer and um And after that we uh will have the uh new product requirements , I suppose the first to do the presentation will be the User Interface Designer . Um , so you're participant two ? did you save your presentation ? One one . I'm participant one . Three Isn't that technical functions ? it's David Jordan . Course . The first I will present the technical function design for user interface for our uh remote T_V_ control . remote c rem remote T_V_ control it's very has very soph sophisticated functions , so we want to design uh elegant , easy to use inter interface . A very good example is Google . So my job is to uh design a Google T_V_ controller which I want to have sophisticated functions while with very easy to use user interface . So you propose to to have the remote control which will be powerful . With sophisticated functions , and very easy to use . it's maybe difficult to have both , I mean the the one on the right doesn't look so simple But if we have very very good user interface it take less time for user to learn how to use it . but the question is how to merge you know the Google system to the system , alright . As you all know , you know m my job is to design you know uh to give an industrial design of the remote control . I propose a nifra infrared base I think it's cheaper than laser , so . what you find inside the re i the the system here inside it is just , you know a bulb and an infrared bulb , I have some kind of pictures and you have the other subcomponent There's a wire with remote control ? I think it should be wire wireless re remote con and you know because you f the b the the battery problem can hold you know will you use a battery or the a wire to connected you . So you think that uh a cable between the remote control and the T_V_ won't be a good idea . maybe it will be cheaper I dunno but as Industrial Designer , do you think that it will be feasible to have uh linked or to have link between the remote control and the television ? Do you think it will be cheaper ? Could you answer please ? Have to think about the question , but I think the wireless problem is more the um David Jordan's problem . Mayb maybe you have just to to kind of research If when you have wireless remote control and if you lose it ? I think it's would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television , So just trying to answer all the questions , We had one hundred subjects , um , we observe their remote control use in a lab and then after all the experiments they had to fill up a questionnaire , um , Um actually seventy five percent of the users find m the most remote controls uh ugly , Yeah , the the look is is bad for them Then eighty percent of users would spend more money um actually if if the remote controls were not so ugly . And then um yeah , the remote controls like the one you've shown previously it's not so doesn't fit the user requirements sometime , because it's too many buttons and so on . And uh users are actually zapping a lot , ten percent of the buttons are actually used in the remote control . remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room . Um it takes too much time to learn how to use the remote control for thirty five percent of the people . And uh remote control are really bad for R_S_I_ problems for twenty six percent of the users . R_S_I_ is like , when you're using the same um doing the same movement several times , then you get injured . Um so my pres personal preferences for this problem is we have to meet the user needs . If we can make it look fancy then we might sell more than our uh concurrent , And definitely if it could have less buttons , still maybe the same number of um functions , but less buttons , And just to have uh an idea , do you think you as the User Interface Designer to would it be possible to have less buttons and still have the same functionality and to have powerful remote control , you think it's possible ? Yeah , I think possible . Because we can We can uh mix uh several function in one button . but do you think it will be easy to use ? Because if you have many functions just for one button it would be quite difficult for the user to know . you you can have a switch menu , but it has to be intuitive . For example , if you have remote control you you can rem you can control your T_V_ and also you can control your uh recorder . But what I'm not so sure is about how to make the remote control look funny look fancy , not funny . Because different people have a different opinion about fancy . You know . I think the solution is to have many colours of you know instead of having one grey standard but I think it will increase the price of the production of the remote control . Maybe we can have di di we can have uh several options , so maybe just having many functions in one button is not that good if you want to zap a lot . new information about the product requirements , the first one is that um for the designing of the remote control we don't really want to use the teletext anymore , because so it's better to use internet then teletext . and also the remote control will only be used for television , you won't had um buttons to just to manipulate yeah to control the recorder or maybe the garage door or things like that . So maybe it will be easier for you to to design it , to have very powerful and easy . which will be used for for the television , for the recorder , for the camcorder and all the others , it will become too complex And also we want the image of the uh um real reaction be recognisable in the product , such as the colour and s the slogan . So has to be yellow . As we say , we put the fashion in electronics , so it has to be a fashion remote control . Fancy , fashion , powerful , easy to use . Require lot of requirements , but this this mean that your T_V_ would be able to , you know , connect to internet , you know , surf the web . There's that box in the T_V_ , so with the set box you you can connect internet with your T_V_ . I don't think it's popular , I think it has to be yellow . I think if you have you know th like a yellow ribbon here is the double R_ . Or should be . Doesn't need to be completely yellow , I will close the meeting , um just after that we'll have lunch break . And you will have in thirty minutes individual work . and the User Interface Designer to work on the user interface concept . You will have as the I_D_ I don't remember what is industr Industrial Designer to put um pon Component component , yeah . And so specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach . I think the um session is closed . And by the way , Mister David Jordan , please record your presentations in your own folder . Not in mine . Regarding the first line , what So we're just expecting no more use of the teletext . But I dunno , but why , I think it would be simpler . 