Uh I think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves and everybody's name and what your function is ? Yeah , my name is Francina . And I'm uh an user interface And I'm a marketing person . My name is Eileen . Yeah . Uh I'm Jeanne-Oui . Um uh my role is industrial designer And as you already know I am Betty . I am the project manager for today . This thing we are gonna um uh design is a new remote control . Uh should be original , trendy , and , of course , user friendly . That is it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what uh we have come up with . Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve . The same goes for the conceptual design , Detailed design , same thing basically . Then , tool training try out the white board , participant can draw their favourite animal . You wanna go Eileen and And remember you have to press so it works . Here's the project finance Um selling price is supposed to be twenty five Euro . Uh profit aim for the company is fifty million Euro , the market range unlimited meaning international and the production cost should not exceed hopefully should be less than twelve fifty Euro . now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it , things you would like to change , things you would like to improve with this thing Yes , I I feel that all the remote should be very compact . And um and it should have multi-purpose . Like uh the remote control which we use for T_V_ , it shou uh it should be used f uh for some other purpose also , like controlling the uh temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners , or for heating system . At um twelve fifty Euros per Well who knows if we get a really good designer maybe we can do that . It should be something new it should be s it it should do something different than than just what we have . Yeah , design should be , yeah it should be different . Maybe it should different colours or materials or you know . I think another thing that would help is um if it beeps when you clap , Well or yeah or if it's really , if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal . maybe it should have a light so that we can , we can just recognise where it is . and I I think uh voice or clapping it's not specific enough . The industrial designer That's you . Uh working design , yeah , it's it's uh mainly technical-functional design . so so you are the working design . So you have a working design and then a functional design . And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification , like friendliness , and what we just discussed in general . Then uh we see you in about thirty minutes . I think basically basically you will get instructions to work with 