uh good morning everybody here . And uh I want to introduce myself , uh my name is uh Shrida Daseri and uh I'm a project manager for this new project which we are going to discuss now . So I want to introduce first of all uh the names and the colleagues here . my name is Agnes My name is Ed and I do accounting . Do you also do marketing ? So only accounting ? And I'm Christine , So who is uh marketing , nobody in the market Marketing is uh , is me . So thanks for coming for the meeting first of all , and uh we have a long time , just twenty-five minutes to discuss about uh this project and the the project initiation . First of all I want to ask uh Mister Ed about your uh marketing plan and your product plan and uh Well I think that we'll see that throughout the day in how we're going to put this together as a marketing to to market the product . but uh do you already have like a functional design or a technical design or Uh for the moment not yet . do you have some project plan , something with you or this is like I said that we have to be discussed between all of us and we'll go from there . We'll have to simply we'll have to work on it together . so uh by when you think you can uh give me some kind of uh project plan , okay , Certainly by the next meeting . so there's any questions or uh first of all about uh this project ? What is the goal of the project ? Uh the goal of the project I think maybe I'll uh hand out to the Ed , okay , so to explain uh what is the project because he's in the sales and the accounting . so can you explain uh what exactly the product is ? From what I had in mind we're supposed to be marketing coffee , Oh I think uh , if I'm not wrong , we're making the remote control . 'cause I had two different things . I had a first part of mine was to make a remote control for a new f remote control for television , and afterward I had a discussion about coffee so we'll start with the remote control for television then . So we're have to design something that is very user friendly . Something uh visual that has something that will will draw people to buy the product , because I think everybody's experienced with uh remote controls , we're have to come up with a new idea on how to make it a lot easier to use , 'cause a lot of times uh spend uh half a day through the instruction book trying to figure out how to use it . Christine , what about your uh the industrial design plan ? Are you have a design already on this product or uh you're still working on the design ? Um no , I I have not begun working on the design , I actually didn't know we were designing a remote control , Um the website I went to look at had some announcements about an introduction of a um uh some sort of a seven inch um monitor , and um I understood that that was the project goal . Um I just did s see that we were starting a new project together and there was going to be a four member team composed of these people , So uh you'll be leading the team for your design team or how many members is working in the team , for the design ? Um well , I would th think that depends on how much money you give us . Um because uh , you know , you can uh you can make it uh you have different choices with different financial models . Yeah , but uh before we talk about uh the finance , okay , uh do you have some idea how we can uh sell this product or project in the market I kind of think that in general you have to do uh um y you have to have something that's very fashionable , that's uh very attractive that um people see and recognize uh its goal , and uh they immediately wanna have it uh have one of their own . So it would really would need to um you know , I don't care what it does , just so it looks cool . but uh uh when you think you can give me like a kind of design on the functional design or the technical design ? Well , uh I've got a lot of other projects I'm doing right now um If they uh go quickly then uh it could be a month . so like uh what's your functional design , what's your technical design , and uh how many people you need for this project , and what's the time frame you're looking , okay , and what is the budget , maybe uh initial budget you're looking , okay , and uh how is going to the market , okay , so you've you've had to meet with the marketing team and how they're going to market and what are the marketing strategic plan , okay , when are you going to introduce , okay , and by the time you introduce the product and uh you know there there would be a competition , okay , so I need some kind of uh uh the plan in the writing from you . because I need to go to the management and uh tell them what we are going to do , and uh what cost is , okay , and what's the time frame and what's the project plan , because uh without any uh documentations , I cannot go to the management and say , so we are going to do this and we need this much money , Uh are there other people who will be contributing to the plan ? if you need some help , uh so let me know . So , who are the people you need uh from the marketing or uh the technical side or uh the administration point of view , okay , to add in any documentation , or some technical point of view , And uh Ed uh so what's what do you think about uh this uh project for the remote control and d do you have some already planned something for your marketing strategy or uh the sales strategy ? Well not yet other than uh doing research and taking remote controls and looking what other companies have to do uh , what they're building , their designs , their ideas , uh also have to pinpoint which market we're gonna go into . It should be a fairly large market because uh the number of people that uh the competition , uh th I agree it has to be something it has to be something new , Whether it works or not , they have to first say I like this , I like the design , and then it's gotta be simple to use . Yes , so what I uh prefer maybe uh you need to interact uh more with the Christine , okay , because you know what she is going to do it , okay , but you are the core because you are in the marketing , okay , So , what I prefer , okay , so you need to interact with the Christine more and uh within her team , okay , who is using the functional design or technical design , okay , and uh you need to come up with some kind of plan , okay , how we are going to do the your sales plan , okay , Do we already have a cost limit on this , th an idea of how much uh we want to market this for , how much it's gonna sell for , that's up that's up to us to decide , eh ? Yes , that's you have to decide , okay , so the best thing is you uh both of uh the Christine and you discuss with yourself , okay , and come up with the cost , and how we are going to compete in the market , okay , in the the technically , or in the sales wise , okay , the commercial wise , okay . Then uh we have to design , okay , how long it will take the whole project , okay , how much is going to cost us , and how much we are going to benefit for the company . Okay , so I think it's uh maybe if we can uh give me some kind of your uh the sales plan , okay , including the technical what uh she's going to talk to you within the team , okay , then it will help me to discuss with the management for further , okay , and put it in the the proper project plan . Okay , and if you need uh any coordination in between uh compared to the maybe the some technical vendors or commercial vendors , okay , depends if you want to have some uh uh marketing plan or technical plan , okay , so you let me know . or maybe uh , you are my coordinator , am I right ? I mean my job from what I understood was to look at the usability requirements and make sure that the product is usable , it's acceptable to the people who are gonna use it and look at the best ways to do that . because depending on what users want , depends on how you sell it , what tag lines you attach to it , how you try to make it more attractive to users . So I think all three groups will need to interact quite a bit . Okay and please please copy all the mails , okay , all the discussions to me , okay , Yeah , we can C_C_ him on any discussions or documents that are passed around . But what I request , okay , keep Ed in the loop , okay , in between your uh meeting and Christine meeting , because uh he should know what's happening . So , the immediate next step is to start determining the functional design , or To come up with the functional design and uh to discuss with Ed , okay , and how it's going to be work , and uh first of all with your user acceptance , okay , how it looks like and how it's going to be work in the market , okay , so then we can discuss about uh further things . Would you mind um at the conclusion of our meeting could could you send us a copy of your slides ? Yes , I will . Yes . And if anything you need anytime so please either you can call me , or just send me email , or uh just come and uh knock my door , okay , 