Uh for the aim of this meeting now is to to make presentation about uh the work for each one . And take the the decision about the the design and the functionality of the the remote control . And we have think I got a new project requirement . So I think uh teletext becomes outdated . and I think we don't need lighting adaptive , So the popularity of the since the popularity of the internet , so the remote control should be only used for the the television . And of course we should have our image in the in the design . So , let's start with the the industrial designer . Right , so um I will talk about the the w working design and And um well I I will present my my first idea on how to build the our new remote control for television . So I think the first things to do is to define the hardware components neededs to achieve uh what we want to do . I think uh I I'll do a survey about what is uh what is available on the market and what what is the the cheapest possible things we hav we can use . Then uh I will try with the technical team to to build a prototype And how an and we can uh start troubleshooting first uh com communication problems or things like that . And when we are ready with this first prototype I I think we can add some software functionalities on a programmable chip like browsing by content or um things like that . So , wha what I think for now is we don't want to have a remote control w which is wired so uh I think we u we can use a battery for the . Then two programmable chips for both software functionalities and communication . And the communication with the T_V_ set is uh made through uh infrared communication So uh this is the the schema of the o of the future uh remote controls so uh you can you can see the components , uh battery and uh the two chips goes to the infrared uh connection to the T_V_ set . The one on top is for the um well the functionali the functionalities One is a communication . and the the th red um sorry the green one is is to well , putting things together , um f transform the data into uh qu into the format to to uh to communicate with the T_V_ set . I think we should use a F_P_G_A_ for for the functionalities which is easy to to t What is F_P_G_A_ ? It's a field programmable gateway arrays . So why's it how is it different from the Bluetooth ? Well , uh a F_P_G_A_ is just a chip you can uh you can pr programme it uh wi with wh whatever you want . And uh well the Bluetooth chip is just responsible to uh make the communication uh between uh the two devices . So this are the they have to work together ? Or ? Do they have to work together or two separate choice Well , th the F_P_G_A_ will produce the the data to send . Or it's something like isn't hardware the first one ? And the second one is for the software . Okay , and how about the battery power ? Uh you mean that battery would be somewhere there and the remote contro the power to the battery comes through infrared ? I think uh we have uh to to uh have uh embedded uh b batteries in in the And uh I I don't think it will need um very uh much power to make it run , so Mm . You can put it on the charger when uh you when you don't need to use it . It's a good idea . Having a charger rather than putting the battery cells always . People don't like it to have to buy the batteries when they run out . We just make a small charger Because you are using because you are using Bluetooth , if some people have P_D_A_ they can use their P_D_A_ to control the T_V_ if they want to , right ? we do not want to make it P_D_A_ . Also , but but I I I think uh the the goal is to sell our remote control . So I'm working on the technical functions design . So the the purpose is to to find uh the important questions to ask is what effect should the apparatus have . So so I found on a webs on the internet and uh and I found that uh the function of remote control is to send messages to television set . For example switch on , switch off , switch the next channel and so on and so on . So I found two very good prototypes for for this interface from our competitors This are usual functionality . Ours is a bit uh different . So these are two example . One is from the other one is from , yeah , uh engineering centr yeah . This is the most competing prototypes I've found . But then uh loo but then I found if you look at you see on the left one there are too many buttons And they are small . O on the right I tried to play with the problem is that uh if I have hundred channels I have uh I have to choo press the other button to choose the hundred channels and I have to compose the number so it's very lousy . So you so you move to the next the next one . And then I I look at the user manual they are a hundred pages thick , so we don't want that . So I propose the easy to use uh prototype . You can navigate on T_V_ screen and we need to have the T_V_ connected to internet so we end in order to access the T_V_ programmes by X_M_L_ and we need some to do some preprocessing . From the technical aspect , the processing should be done on the T_V_ set than on the on the remote controller , right ? And then we the speech recognition as uh Harry says we may just put in we may K_I_V_ . What do you mean by the pa pa processing will be done on the T_V_ Yeah , all the processing is done the T_V_ is a compu has some processing power the So we should have specific T_V_ ? We have to sell a T_V_ with the remote control too . Yeah because are you just wondering what controller okay . I think there there is there is al there there is a a technology like show view who is already available on most of the T_V_ set on recorders or thing like that and we can try t to get this information on to the remote control to to do the processing on the remote control because So I come up with a simple design , just keep the v navigation buttons . Yes , that's a good idea , I think . We d we don't we we don't need really much buttons to i if we have a screen to navigate on on the T_V_ so uh Well , f four five buttons , it's sufficient . It's easy to build , it does not consume much power . Oh , but you have a catch there , um assume that um if you want to go to if you are watching channel two and if you want to go to channel ninety nine , then . Well , then y you you go to the main menu and uh you have uh go to channel No , because you choose by channel , so you don't have hundred channels to choose from . but uh I I think i i if you if you want to to make uh well a a big jump but uh well you you have to to have a a a device when you could you could but uh something that that says more clearly that uh right , left , up , down , well , the to have the ability to to to write something to the navigator , maybe directly , or we can think of buttons like in the telephone to send messages or things like that . Uh it's gonna be small . So it'll beep if you wanna find it too small that it goes under the sofa and we can't find it . you just uh shout y h just it just has to re respond to you when you look for the device . just give it a name and we call him . And responds to you , and Okay , after having the inputs from industrial design and user interface , I think most of the points which I want to are already covered here . Well I I think it will be a , yes , a bit complicated to um make a speech recognisers runs on the small uh ts But I think if you to recognise numbers it's a well-studied problem . I if you just recognise uh numbers is a limited you have limited vocabulary Oh we can put an limited vocabulary as in the mobile phones . And this can allow to choose the the program , for instance without uh adding uh buttons It's going to be very slim . it's not going to take much space also . It has to be of course a very slim and small one . And next one was the size of the remote control . And of course most of the people are interested in if it's less expensive , I mean we have to look for a trade-off . The features and the cost . I no I I think that uh i if we go for quality people may tolerate for high quality and of course comes with uh reasonable cost . Maybe not less , but they may be willing to pay little bit more for comfort , Little bit more if it's with extra features . Yeah , s s speech is a important extra feature I think I mean , for a lazy guys they could say nine and the nine channel comes . but only for the numbers on the channel , or volume up , volume down , brightness , contrast . And the fourth one was the teletext in various languages . we we just have to find a mean how to to add a m a a a microphone or uh well yes a microphone into the the remote control , so What about lighting adaptive options ? Yeah as discussed in the earlier meeting , but I think uh not much people are really interested in this point if it's not really required . According to the re to the new requirements I think we don't need that . but it's quite possible but maybe not in this project . So any things to to discuss ? I think as I discussed th that four points would be good for um marketing . The speech interface and uh less uh reasonable uh cost . And the lighting adaptation and the teletext . And regarding the teletext uh these are the subtitl these are the text information which you got on the televisions . If you are watching an foreign movie , you get subtitles sometimes . And uh if you are a French guy watching an English movie you would like to have it in French . And if I am a German then I would like to have the my options in German . So , the remote it should have some it should give me some flexibility of choosing the ch languages . Yeah , but well what about the the new project's requirement ? I I I think we should give up with teletext , no ? Well , so maybe we we can j we can already think uh about a way to to access the internet via the television . Yeah , but uh we can think that in a few years there will be T_V_ set that can access the internet . So it's a good idea if i i if we i if if we uh think about how to to to build up our remote uh control w with this functionality in a w which will c which will come in a few years . So you have to anticipate the the future ? well , not not to implement it , but to well , to find a way to to add to add this functionality in a yeah , in an in an easy manner , if is possible . Yeah . Because all the T_V_ sets will be digital , right . Okay . So let's go for the the lunch break , and we will meet after . 