actually we gathering here to discuss about the functional design meeting . and uh we'll issue some information from uh all of you . And it's in the , I think uh , in the sharing folder . And uh I will invite uh the Christine and the Ed and uh Agnes to discuss about on the various subjects . the agenda of the meeting is opening . Then uh I'm going to talk about uh the project management , and uh , of course , I'm doing the project management and secretary both , to take the minutes of the meeting . And there are three presentations . One is uh new project requirements . And the second one about uh decision on remote control functions . And uh finally we are closing . Uh and the meeting time will be uh forty minutes , management come with the new proposal , and I have to discuss a few points on this . Uh both says new insights in the aim of your project . Uh the one is uh the teletext becomes uh outmoded , okay because if uh because of the computer systems and the new technology . we don't need to consider really about the teletext all in our new project design . And the second one is about uh the remote control . Should be used only for the T_V_ . And the third point , it's very very important to establish our uh marketing or uh corporate image , okay , with this new project or new product . I'll invite uh Christine to discuss about uh the functional design . I I figured uh we should um identify some user requirements , and from my experience , I wanna uh , and from research I did , uh the the device has to turn the television on and off the first time you press on the big button , Because one of the biggest problems with remote controls is finding them . since we have to establish our corporate image on the basis of this new product , thought we better look at things that are popular and um ex go beyond those , um and then uh we might wanna talk eventually about the materials that are appropriate to use in uh in the construction , especially in the the uh the outside of the product I did a little history on uh the the uh remote controls all these devices are examples of where uh mm they represent examples that are available today which I think the one in the middle is r um really uh something to keep in mind . you could throw it at things if if the T_V_ didn't turn on and off , you could use it for something else . But um I just took some different uh schematics and I guess this is what a slide might look like if you were drawing a circuit board . personal preferences , um uh I I'm really thinking outside the box here , and I think that we should consider perhaps having an an an a a size uh a remote control that changes in size depending on the user preference . So something that's very very flexible and inflatable I think um it could either be you could go either one extreme , be very colourful , or you could make it clear , and um kind of blend in with things , Um I think uh it needs to be waterproof , because uh sometimes they fall into cups one of my requirements was about needs t to tell you when it's done its job or not , because half the time , I keep pushing on the remote control , and I don't know if it's actually understood my message , so I think it should give you some sort of an oral cue . And uh , course I never wanna replace the battery . if you can add other facility , other feature , like uh unbreakable . because uh especially today , you know , you have the family and the kids , and the kids throw it if you can add the feature , okay , for your uh fabric whatever in your outline design okay , with unbreakable , I think that will give a lot of advantage for our product , Do you have any preconceived ideas in terms of materials ? 'Cause , for example , in the unbreakable thing , doing something plastic would be harder , whereas having something like , I dunno , steel or titanium isn't really economically viable . Titanium would be be heavy , too , um I wanted feedback , but we'll see what your uh personal preferences are and your thoughts . I like titanium . Expensive nobody told me how mu what our financial objective is , so um It'd be hard to inflate something ou made out of titanium though . because uh the last meeting we supposed to discuss about the financial thing . I know the project plan and the budget . I will I will send you a mail , At the end of the day , the company uh wants to make at least uh the fifty million Euro . and uh of course the price will be very reasonable on the the sales side . that maybe Eddie will talk to you about uh how much uh the price how much its cost for the manufacturing This remote control , okay , it can be for like universal , to use for any T_V_ . And I I have one maybe the suggestion or opinion . and it will be slim , Might be hard to find , though . But let's try it , okay , with the different uh the designs , okay , the functional designs . from the marketing yeah , from the marketing side , just to to give an idea what the management is looking for , I was looking for a a remote control to have a s I have a sales price of twenty-five Euro , with a production price of uh twelve and a half Euro . For what uh I think from what we're trying to find , we're tr we're looking for , I don't think that price is exactly in the market . in the recent surveys , uh from the ages fr from fifteen to thirty-five , eighty percent are willing to spend more money for something as fancy as trendy . Twenty-five Euros , uh that's that's a preson reasonable price . Now if we're gonna take a risk , and push this up a bit , make it more expensive , then it w it could possibly sell . But , I think uh there's one other thing interesting two things that are interesting is that uh from the fifteen to thirty-five year-old group , which always spends more money on trendy new things , speech recognition is requested . And we're talking between seventy-five to ninety percent of this group is willing to pay for speech recognition on a remote . Obviously , we can't make a remote into a computer , but maybe simple commands . louder , softer , on , off . Thirty-five percent say they're too difficult to use . So we have to figure out a way of making it um more user friendly . Uh fifty percent say they can't find the remote half the time . So maybe one word speech recognition commands , say remote , and there's a beep beep beep , But , in the cost that uh the management is looking for , that's not gonna be possible . But if it's trendy , if it's fancy , it's got some colour to it , if it's very easy easy to use , if it's got simple remote speech remote uh control , like I said , louder , softer , change channel , on , off , remote , it goes beep beep , So we're gonna have to look at it in a in this global idea , with the ideas of the industrial uh design . But , price obviously we have to talk about . What do you think about uh the design , uh what he was talking about of the speech recognition ? training is always an issue with uh commands . uh But um anyway , um I I think also that uh this might impact the battery life . maybe what we'll have to do is um add something where you can um recharge it wirelessly or maybe uh set it out in the sun I can find my my remote without spending half a day looking for it and getting all upset and it uh , you know , gets uh , from the light , um a a solar cell inside there It seems also like with the speech recognition , yeah , it's a great feature , but if you're watching T_V_ , there's a lot of ambient sound , so then you have to make sure that the speech recognizer is good enough to filter out the T_V_ speech , and the the user's speech . Because tha w with speech recognition uh th I'm not that good at that idea Because I think s with speech recognition , if uh the the remote or like the telephone it has a exact word that it has to hear . I don't think it would come through a sentence in a television . what I can uh suggest to you , Christine , uh if you need some uh the technical feedback , or some training , okay , about uh this facility , especially for the speech recognition , I can recommend you some companies like uh Intel or I_B_M_ , because they're already in this uh speech recognition part , and uh if you want , I can coordinate , okay , to get some information , and uh you can uh let me know , okay , so what kind of uh the details you require okay , to add this feature in this project . we need to know how much is the timeframe you need to develop , apart from uh what today . From from your side uh , you're gonna have to go back the management and s be more s precise . What do they want ? Uh , a risk , take a risk on the market ? Something that's gonna cost more , but could very easily s make a boom in the market ? Because it has to be something totally different , but end of the day , you're the sales guy , It's uh of course it's uh good to uh tell the management how much it's cost us I don't mind to convince , okay , the management to spend some more money on the project , okay , if you can make out of The management says , okay , so they they don't want certain facilities , they want something uh new , I think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree , And uh I hope I can convince the management on that , the method that we usually use in the user interface design is that we need to look at what people like and what people don't like about existing products . So , in our case , existing remote controls . We seem to have intuitions about why things are good or things are bad , but when you look , technically , at how it works , sometimes that's not the case . Then we need to decide what functionalities we really want to keep , Um and then what the remote control should look like , in terms of the functionalities that we need , you obviously need to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off . You need to change channels , both by directly going to a specific channel or by channel surfing . You need to be able to control the volume and then control any menus on the T_V_ to regulate contrast or whatever . the problems that people have expressed is that there's too many buttons on remote controls , in general . The buttons it's not clear what they're supposed to do . Um often , you need to know specific button sequences to get certain functionalities done , um which you don't necessarily always remember , especially if it's a functionality that you don't use very often . here we've got two examples where here on the left-hand side , you can see a remote control that has lots and lots of buttons . The buttons , in a lot of cases , are tiny . they're labelled , but the labels don't necessarily tell you too much . Whereas , on the other side , you have a much simpler remote control that I think basically has the minimum functionalities that are needed . And it sort of looks simpler and just less imposing when you first look at it . So , I would be inclined to go sort of towards this , in terms of design , rather than this . And if there's specific functionalities that require more buttons , then we can figure out how to do it with existing um buttons . So my personal preferences are to keep the number of buttons to a limit , or to a minimum , make frequently used buttons bigger and more strategically placed , so like the on button being really obvious one , the channel changing and the volume , and to keep the design basically sleek and simple . Clearly your research and uh and ours uh heading in the same direction , the only thing that I saw missing from uh your your research that we found was this uh ability to find the doggone thing when you need it . I also think that um uh th f the the feel of it is uh , when you hold it , is something that um uh was expressed more in in in in my uh design 'cause those are the parameters that an Industrial Designer's more thinking about , th th the look and the feel , that's for anybody need uh any help , for time being , on this uh subjects , okay , so please come back to me , and uh Christine , maybe I can uh try to help you to get some uh the technical uh the companies to help you for uh make a design uh slim , and to add some features , like we are talking about , the speech recognition and all . Should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include , 'cause we've thrown a lot of features onto the table , do we actually want to incorporate all of them , or have we missed anything ? Do you wanna go back and look at the closing slide , maybe that would provide some guidance ? it says individual actions , so I'm supposed to do the components concept , supposed to work on the user interface concept , and you're supposed to keep watching the trends . Um and specific instructions will be sent by our our coach . I think we should do as many features as uh start with all of them right now and eliminate them later in the process , I was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we're just gonna end up throwing away ? I mean , it takes a lot of time and effort for everyone to consider different features , um and s if we spend that time and effort on features that we're not gonna use , maybe it's better to spend it on the f thinking more about features that we actually do want , I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting , what we'll do is now we'll take for lunch break , 'cause w our meeting time has run out . 