Matthew it is important for him to be here uh . but still I think uh it would be in very important if the uh as um main designer . I think we can put on the here . we will just we just have to continue . just for record I I will take uh notes again . first thing uh I was uh uh I got an email from uh from my superior again that we really should stay within the budget of the uh twelve Euro and fifty cents . when you stay in it's good , when you don't stay in you have to redesign . maybe Anna , you can have your presentation . we can't do evaluation 'til we have a design . Matthew . Nice uh you are here . ma maybe then you can start now with mm presenting your uh your designs . I will start by the the basic one that uh fits into uh eight Euros actually , right , seven eight Euros , first for both they have um a special shape , but uh it's like a surf board . And also it's not too far from um a mobile . So people are used to that kind of shape , Don't take care too much about the colour Now we are supposed to give some oper offers right now . the on-off button , in red . Here would be the volume . On the on the left , so you can go up and down the channels , How can you change from V_C_R_ to uh T_V_ , by the way ? this is a standard T_V_ one , and then we have usually there twelve keys but we know that we rel that we have only ten digits . The extra two are for uh having or giving an option for uh having more than one channel . And the other one is for the teletext or something you want to browse through from that . Actually . It's a very basic minimal thing Exce except for the for the special shape , the surfing board , it has a quite a a conventional layout of buttons uh . uh i i i it is a very futuristic , it's like uh it's like a brain machine interface and all this stuff we are thinking about in the future , it can come . Yes it really feels like like like a mobile phone . then the this is the a more a little uh smooth and it gives a lot of functionality , uh in this way , uh th you see there are only six keys , they are ma they are doing the job of twelve keys actually here . And so they have more space actually and uh it's easy to uh use this and then you have a power button , which l volume , what you have , and then other than that you have uh channel up and down and uh f slow pause or s slow lo Play , pause . yeah s pause or stop , you have a L_C_D_ display , here and uh y this is a functional thing which can change it's a toggle switch which could change the function From D_V_D_ player to television or something . and and and then you get feedback via the L_C_D_ you can have a integrated microphone over here , This is the orange button , the microphone . you want to do a speech recognition and uh that channel a lot of information can be di displayed here directly on the um on your on your display . And here is a small L_E_D_ which tells you like uh are you running out of the battery , and which is can be useful for the locating as I was talking earlier then we have a cover when you need you can use it , and this gives additional functionality but but but but uh i in there uh when this is closed , will it also uh cover up the L_C_D_ screen ? Yeah . Actually when you are watching the T_V_ , when you are watching anything or listening to them , you hardly care about what is getting displayed here , and this gives a protection to the L_C_D_ actually , giving a cover to that actually . Gives a protection It's low weight . You have to see yeah yeah the the components we put inside is very low weight . So the the cost is actually a bit more , Sixteen Euros . So it's well outside the budget then . But the the main point we we talk about that with our uh manufacturer . And they say basically that the S_R_ system would be uh something like three Francs per item Three Euros . That's on top of the sixteen , or is it part of that ? part of that , yeah . So that takes it down to thirteen Euros without the speech recognition . if you have new more ideas we can add new more uh some more keys we should stick with uh a number of keys it it should not be cluttering up everything . I like the shape of them , I do like the the size and the the shape . Be before ta talking about the money and what's possible and what is not possible , maybe Anna you can uh give our uh give us your um And maybe we run the evaluation on both of the products , both of these two . and also the evaluation criteria , so what what is important to look at . it's just a shortlist of criteria on um the things that we've identified as being important to selling the product . Um we just go through these and rate them as a group and then at the end we'll make an evaluation based on that , These are the things we identified as being important . Um the three things were look and feel , innovation and ease of use , were the three important components um appealing to the correct demographic so using those things in the right way to appeal to our demographic . And then goin following the company motto , following the fashion trends and putting that into the product as well . do you wanna go through and put through those on the the two products now or do we wanna discuss them further and then evaluate them ? why not why not discuss uh discuss it now , just go through onto the whiteboard I guess . look and feel , innovation And now it easy to use . you following the idea of using the um removable covers on these ? w w we can still discuss that . and together with evaluating this uh we we might come with new ideas um I've received uh a framework which we can do this . the first one was really very far below budget , would you want to take the price down of the end product according to that or just have the high profit on it ? my my personal view is uh w when when this one is eight Euros we must think how can we improve it . because th th th the the selling price is already prite fik uh uh quite fixed on twenty five Euros this is these are the the the latest prices of our production uh uh production unit for several components , so we can uh see whether the the price is is within the twelve Euro uh fifty cents uh . Th th this is the first design . Um w one's bad and seven's the best . one's true and seven's false . Look and feel . In i in my opinion purely feel is is is very good , is very good in your hand , so I I I would consider two or or may maybe even one for feel . we should also consider look , and then i it looks quite conventional . On the scale u it's between functional and fancy basically we're looking at , Ma ma ma ma maybe say say five but uh still I will give four in that case the way we have designed it's like the surf as you say we we designed the two uh items . If you press like this not like this C can you get the batteries ? isn't it the ink ? I think it's lost a battery . Because we'll be able to see it still even if it wasn't working , but it wouldn't be picked up on the the actual whiteboard . And the other one ? I think it's slightly better , um , which which 'll be covering in a curve actually this is this is not going to protrude actually , The other thing is , is the left hand one protruding ? 'Cause if people are left handed they want to use the other hand , maybe it won't work so well . I'd say two or three for that one , personally . So so I would also say this is four . because right uh for example if you press it quite inside now like this , now it's embedded one . So I will say two . it's d it's definitely more fancier than that one . Basically there is no innovation in the first one compared to what exists in the market , No but except for the design of the surf . Are we including like a location kind of thing like trying to find it ? I think it's more of the feel . But th is there any there's no actual innovation in that at all , And the And the second one is really uh state of the art , uh in terms of innovation . So I'd be up for seven for innovation . And um with many more functionalities , and can open and close the the bottom part . And all the scrolling uh buttons and menu and pro programmable device behind this . A and the L_C_D_ screen is That's that's that's well it's quite innovative . Uh could put it at one or two I would say . Personally . Th th there were different options we discussed then , we discussed the one that was in budget and the one that was out of budget . and then we will will try to get it in the budget . We just diske discuss it as you designed it Innovation for this one is two ? One ? the speech recognition is a very good innovation I believe it , then it's I think one . Ease of use ? the first one is really standard , so everybody i including our grandmothers can use it , So that's maybe a a two for ease of use . Um , the other one is quite easy , tho though . Uh , though it has more functionality So maybe a three or a four . maybe sometimes people get uh scared with the number of buttons . because it's n uh it's not like a big one with uh one hundred buttons or so , actually the user has to put some effort to do use that actually , So so I think th three is good . Yeah . uh how well it goes to the target demographic . we're d we're still thinking twenty to forty year olds ? I would I would give this model to the old people actually . So sh completely changed our demographic there , exce except for the surfing shape . I mean that's that's something which which has an appeal on this group I think , If it was the very bottom price range or it was like between this and another one we did the same thing then I can imagine it being applying to the the demographic Mm w w w we after this we can can consider uh for instance , making this more attractive to to the demographic 'Cause we have got room , we've got some budget there to add a few things to it , But as it is now , I w would say mm , six , something . because it's so important it's i it was written that it really so important , the um the the look and uh taking care of its it targets , the right range of people , but but if you sell it in the market it's going to be cheap , actually . we have a constraint that we need to sell at twenty five Euros . There's nothing that would make me spend an extra k few Euros on that one rather than another one . So in that case well it's fine then . and the demokraphi demographic of the second one ? It's got the got the the toys in it , it's got the L_C_D_ screen if we we wish to to sell four millions of this , I think for this audience we need absolutely the L_C_D_ screen . I think especially if we're gonna n have an L_C_D_ screen on a low range product then that's good . I'd probably go with three again for that one . Or even Even one and two . Or two . Yeah two yeah . because you can add lot of sophistication on that . And especially I guess 'cause this has the speech recognition as well , and that makes it more appealing , the final point , trends . the trends were the fruit and vegetables and the spongy feel . as it is , not really doing either of them . Spongy , uh , that means that it goes in in the water . the spongy could be part of the the feel of the buttons as well , have you tried the mobile phones that have got the kinda spongy buttons that feels kinda spongy . but I'm thinking one of the Nokias that's got like you ca it hasn't got individual buttons Yeah . We we we we we yeah , it's the way they are going to be , actually . the maybe in the colour we can make it uh fruit and and veggie . But that's if you're using the covers . uh uh is it possible do you think , to to make a cover for s such a phone ? they make it for mobiles , it can't be that much more complicated . just with the with the flexible plastic uh So you got the option of having different colours or different textures . Yeah I think yeah it should be possible like what we do with the mobile phone , yeah . we can put the the the fancy f look of vegetables for instance , to to these covers I think the if we do the cover that's really going with the company's philosophy of having the fashion in in electronics , even next year when fruit and vegetables might be out , you'll still be able to put a new cover on it look at this computer , th this laptop , it's all black , and uh it's quite conventional , and sometimes people don't like too much flashy colours like this one presented here . So maybe we could do like in the range the set of what we propose a black one , very standard one , that meets the the requirements of th such people that want really standard uh things . And then you have the option of having the different colours , different covers . Although it is more with the spongy buttons on the um on the other one . 'Cause that's the that's the feature that could be included in either of them . Say , say one and two . One and two . the average of that is three six nine divided by five , so five mm nine by five , one point s eight ? One point eight yeah . Four point Uh four point two . Very good . But we still got a very different price for those two so they're not really comparable yet anyway . or we just have to choose . And adapt . Because , when we choose for this one we have to we have to make it more attractive We we must try to get them closer . it's easier to just make that one cheaper by just taking the speech recognition out . That'll basically take us down to the budget . Uh unfortunately we didn't see this chip , uh Matthew , so maybe we have to recap with this one . and w when we to d for this one we have to make it more cheap . let's let's try to to model this this phone in this sheet , Maybe we ought to reconsider everything with this , yeah . uh what kind of energy source uh It's a it's a normal battery , or maybe you might use a A_A_ battery actually . given speech recognition I think w you should go for the less fancy chip . Uh sample speaker , yeah . Double curve . Uh , plastic would be the material . Are you talking about this or that ? but they have the same shape , Uh special colour , now we leave it to the covers . now we're either going button or L_C_D_s , L_C_D_ display . It's okay . Just say L_C_D_ . So it would need twelve buttons . we might need a scroll wheel , right , for that ? but for this one it's twelve Euro . So this comes to eighteen . And that's without any special button supplements . we'd have a special colour , special form and special material on all of them . it's not it's not double curved , it's single curved , it's like it's curved on the sides and curved on the top and bottom as well , that's what I thought . we've got those the scroll wheel on the side I'm I'm no I'm no I'm not sh sure . The bt buttons , we have twelve buttons , are you sure ? We've got a scroll wheel for the volume this is even more than the um than the cost you gave , the sixteen Euros . That is the sample sensor and sample speaker . We just need that actually . We need one . We We could go for the for the for the for the for a simple chip , but then we can't have the the speech recognition , this would this would be cutting the speech recognition . but if you have the near the L_C_D_ you can um choose select between um you know like uni universal between audio , T_V_ and V_C_R_ , and this needs a needs a advanced chip . I think yeah regular , today we you can do that with regular chip . and we still on fifteen , And what about the number of buttons buttons uh my Matthew ? when we just want to uh to cut the number of buttons we have to make seven to to fit in in twelve twelve fifty . But that's seven basic buttons right , seven buttons without any adds-on , without special colours or form or material . the L_C_D_ display is is three Francs , sorry three Euros , by itself . We we really want a L_C_D_ other otherwise we w wouldn not get the market . So we're gonna have to scale this down to get within budget , So wha what what each of us think about the because it's measure point the L_C_D_ , um Or we could even replace them by buttons actually . Because sometimes whe when you watch the T_V_ in fact , you have a big display A actually it depends , it depends what kind of functionalities you want to add into it , for example if you add two more functionalities then better you add two more buttons , or and you'll have L_C_D_ display which is that is going to bring the cost by two two Euros at least . I think , unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the L_C_D_ display . Okay so we can get rid of it and then add a couple of buttons . and it's looking like we can't afford the L_C_D_ display , there's no way we can get it in there . S so who thinks the the L_C_D_ disply display should be i should be in it ? I th I'd like t it to be in but I can't see it happening . I can't see it fitting in . having an L_C_D_ s display is just uh uh have very very limited amount of buttons . So hav hav having seven buttons , instead of twelve . uh actually we could in fact we move these three buttons and have three uh possibilities for each of the three here . Here one , at the middle , and at the bottom . I I think we should we should cut the L_C_D_ screen . That that's that's my opinion . The speech recognition is out . Because of the budget , yeah . are we basically back to the original one now , back to the first version ? Which turns out to be on budget exactly , pretty much . With these new costings . and that that now twelve Euros is the is is the price , My m my supervisor will be glad that it's fifty cents cheaper than he expected . w we can go back and l talk to the suppliers maybe and see if we can drive the prices down to add a few more things in but that's all we can do with the restrictions we have at the moment . Thank you . That was it . Thanks . 