So we are here for the detailed design meeting . I will first present what we are going to do in this meeting . I will also take notes during this meeting and I will send you uh a summary then as usual . We will then look at the evaluation criteria of the prototype presented by uh our two colleagues And uh then we will see the financial aspects and the cost of the product . Then we will uh evaluate the product . And uh end with the conclusion of this project and see whether it fits with it fulf if it fulfil the requirement or not . let's start with the cost aspect I look at the aspect discussed last time , that is to say uh to have a standard battery , to have a yellow banana shaped uh case with uh a rubber material around it uh to feel spongy , and uh also at the different aspect like having a wheel etcetera . And the cost ended to be ten point seven Euros . which is uh good , because we had a price gap of twelve point five Euros . for the financial aspect it's okay , we can uh we can continue with this product uh as if , and we are now going to see the project evaluation with uh our marketing expert . I made an evaluation and the the evaluation criteria is made according to the users' requirements and the market trends we talked about uh during the previous uh meetings . we have uh six points . we we want to have a product fancy look and feel , technologically innovative , easy to use , fashion , easy to find in a room , and robust , I have a scale of uh seven points . I go through all the uh all the points here , and uh according to what you think about the this project you can uh mm make a one point , two point or seven point . And after we ha we have an an average , and uh we see . fancy look and feel , what do you think ? between o one and seven . I give it a I give it a five . So I think it's uh very uh very nice . it's between one and seven ? Seven is the highest uh ? Seven is the I will give a six . I will give a a five . Maybe we all have to agree on a common uh I don't know if you we ha we have to put uh one uh f If it's better or we can choose what we want . let's say that seven is the best . do note the grade we have five , six for me , How much would you give on the fancy aspect , on the fashionable aspect ? I think six , it's a good uh So it will have five point five average . after , the technological aspect ? we we said uh we have uh a new technological uh thing with a wheel . We also have the rubber material , I think I would give a five . It's four . A four also , because , except for the wheel , we don't have so much innovation . are we including the voice in the end or not ? Huh ? No . Yeah , four . Four , yeah , let's put four . Very easy to use . Do you think it's easy to use ? I give a seven , I think . Mm , six for me also . six point five . Is it fashion ? its its f its fruit fruit shape . I would say seven . Yeah it's fashion , we can we can put a seven here . Easy to find . I think you can't miss it . I think it's cool . We have the lightning , So you'll make the material transparent so that it uh lights up completely , I would say seven . Is it is it robust ? it's rubber , made of rubber , the only problem there might be which know , i if it's very sensitive , But it is uh it is surrounded by rubber material . So maybe we can put a six . Everybody is okay , six . We have to sum up everything . Six is a good Uh if we say that seven it's uh it's the better , and when uh s six sit six are good it's a good uh p product , I think . So it's a good evaluation , I think . We have a good price So this prototype is quite nice . So having this at twenty five Euros is uh quite attractive , I think . The the the financial aspect were okay . we have seen the prototype . It's very nice according to the work of our two designer . We we have the cost below uh our threshold and so we could sell at twenty five Euros and make i make profit . The the evaluation give satisfying result as well . the cost is in the budget , the evaluation is okay , so I th I think we can now uh open champagne Congratulations to the team . Uh very well , we worked together fantastically . I think it was a good collaboration uh . 