Okay . So first , let's uh see the prototype . And so , we have buttons and using L_C_D_ , or like you can use this jog wheel and select which ever option on the L_C_D_ , and then do on and off . So , you you can press these buttons to increase or decrease the volume . And we have speech recognition . Here you have microphone , and then it date records your voice , and then it try to recognise . Oh , these are strawberries . Material , we want to stick to titanium . So , we want to have simple and perfect shapes , like I shown in these phones . And you can choose colours on your day for each day , or even many colours . For the L_C_D_ . wh what are the strawberries for ? That's location sensors . let's see if uh th it's meet the evaluation criterium . so what I propose is that we are going to to have this scale from one to seven . One meaning that , ye yes uh it fulfils uh the the criterion , whatever it is . what do you think , is it fancy ? So here , two . Up . Then we have uh technology . d I think it's a one for that , at least . Robustness , uh-huh . It's um robust , yeah . Well , so the question is does it have uh the minimum requirement of re remote control ? The basic mode is uh you got just two buttons and a jog dial . And if you want to make to s twenty-five , you push on this . It's much longer than that that being two two five , no ? we only address two main functions here and the other functions will be on L_C_D_ . So It's a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the L_C_D_ screen . Okay , two . So size and weight . Up to three for that , Colour and shape . The case is silver titanium , no ? And what about the strawberries on the top ? We're just giving the fruit for more fanciness and more attraction , too . So , maybe think we can have rubber or some sponges , stuff for strawberries and different colours . Even we can provide many different colours or different fruits , and I suggested three . And uh the last one is adaptive . Okay . Let's go for one . Now we have to do the average . Two point one seven . So now , it has to fulfil the financial criterium ? We need only one battery . We have sample chip . And then we have the t sample speaker sensor for speech recognition . Yeah , I think we will go for a single curve , Titanium . How many push-button ? Two . The scroll-wheel , okay . One L_C_D_ displayed . So we are at seventeen dot eight . So think of what we can cut uh here . I mean , producing electricity from mechanical energy . to make electricity . So , but if we select the hand dynamo it's okay , We we win one . So , put minus one there , please . I'm not sure if this is legal . Okay , we're uh on target . Project evaluation , good . Mm . See mm how Are we a good team ? Mm . Is there enough room for creativity ? Yeah , yeah . Team-work , very strong , I would say . I think white-board is useful . Digital pens , useful . Ah , we got new idea , speech recognition , location finding . New materials , new s uh this fancy strawberry design . And we want to do the location basically using speech recogniser . I'm not convince . Well y you know , it's this uh fruit and vegetable year . Apparently , we have to choose one or the other . if I look at what is the most expensive things , uh it's the L_C_D_ and the speaker . Are we supposed to cut things out now ? 