We're here to have a kick-off meeting for the design of a f for the beginning of new project um uh remote control for the design for a new remote control . and we speak about this tool we're going to design and try to make a project plan , Um I think the important points we have to t talk about are uh it's functional design , it's conceptual design , and desail detailed design . and for that we're going um all to work individually and then have meeting during the whole day . Um , so let's try the whiteboard . Um so any of you who want to go . It's gonna be not my favourite one but the one I can draw . Let's talk about money . So . Twenty five Euro for a remote control . On the international market . Yeah , we're to sell two million then . Mm for a production cost of mm twelve fifty Euros maximum . So any of you have experience in remote controls ? So that could be a great um application . Remote controls children proof . but mainly it has to be very robust colourful , maybe No , that's a good idea . Yeah even we can change colours , no ? like the phones and these things we c yeah . And it should be really small and . Small also ? Should it be , y you know these uh remote controls where um they are what they call a universal ret remote control at least it should hold in your hand n properly , like . Uh maybe we can change the colours that at least the frame . I think one thing important for instance in this remote control if you remember when people use it they're they never find a good button in the right place . no screens , it's too complex . Mm . So , some kind of idea uh with um um cellular phone with a a screen that will tell you what Too expensive for twelve Euro ? Maybe I think even we can keep two switches and then we can uh only make one working . and if I'm left-hander I use this switch to follow the main operations . may need more than three mm three button , three mm possibilities , ye yeah . But for standard actions you usually what do you do , you change channels , you adjust volume , and nothing else . but for instance when you change channels you can have you can just go to the next one or go to channel twenty five . But they keep generally their t slash slash uh this thing and then the dash dash and then you can put yeah , you can only have one bit . And then back to the one I was before , yeah , that would be cool . Go back button is good . Um we're going to meet again in thirty minutes and uh I want you to mm work on these ideas and try to make a uh the ones , make um to decide what what are the ones important and what are the one that we don't want . And um m maybe more in the technical parts what uh do we want to do . So um your personal coach will send you some instruction for for this thirty minutes . So what does M_E_ means ? Market Expert . Uh that's me . the user requirement specifications , 