I suggest we start the meeting uh without Matthew uh he's uh obviously late for some reason . Today uh we will uh talk about uh conceptual design . I hope uh you both did some uh some work uh concerning a uh conceptual design . Um this will be the uh agenda for the meeting uh . Uh I will take some minutes uh again . Um we will have the presentations of y of you different team members , and then try to come to decisions uh about the concepts uh you have presented . we have some uh forty minutes uh to complete this uh . do you ha Anna do you have your presentation ready ? I think yeah the Matthew it is it's important that Matthew yeah is here there is Matthew . this is just a presentation on uh the trends that we're gonna use to make the product stand out from the rest of the products out there at the moment . we have to work out a way what we can do with our product to make it stand out and make it so people wanna buy it . We basically used um some focus group surveys and um some research on the current design um and fashion trends that are out there at the moment um , The important aspects that came out were things that we've already discussed really . The most important by far was the look and feel of it . It needs to be something that's very different from everything else out there . It needs to stand out . It needs to be not functional like the rest of the things out there at the moment . we need to have something that looks interesting , that looks exciting , that will stand out . That was twice as i important as the next item on here which is that it has to be technologically innovative People have to then think about it and say got something there that I want . That's a really cool feature , Third on the list , and again innovative was twice as important as this last um aspect , it has to be easy to use . So they have to be able to be able to look at it and have some intuitive idea of how to use it um . Drawing on the fashion trends at the moment , uh fruit and vegetables um . This is basically talking about just the the feel of it , so probably not the smell of it , but the bright colours , um eye-catching , really bold designs , and a spongy feel . Um I had a talk to the design people about this , but having a remote that's tactile , that feels different , that would be really cool . spongy is the current thing . Spongy is the current texture , can you repeat and be more precise about what you just said ? but basically there are no reports no remotes at the moment which are spongy or tactile at all , so if we make it like maybe furry or soft or something , that'll be something that sets it apart , rather than just bare plastic which they all are at the moment . going with the fruit and vegetable idea , we've got the bright colours , so makes it stand out , the oranges and the the bright yellows and the florescent colours , part of the fruit and vegetables um . Going back to the idea of taking inspiration from mobile phones , a lot of them have the changeable covers , so they can choose what colour the outside is . Textured feel we just talked about . So if it's part of the the changeable covers then may maybe they can choose a different texture , a spongy one or a soft one or something like that . Yeah that's a very good idea , yeah . still taking the inspiration from the mobile phone design so functionality , the way the mobile phones work , the way the keypad looks . Um we talked about having a way of finding a remote control if it's been lost , There are other aspects like L_C_D_ screens and speech recognition which weren't I don't think , in my personal opinion , gonna be worth the extra expense and the extra effort that will go into them . I think we're better doing something basic like this and very will be a really cool feature to put in . maybe we just , the basic idea of having your core functions big and at the top maybe , by themselves , and then th th the finer details of buttons you don't use as much either hidden away or completely separate . Yes the the the there are changeable covers , but on the other hand I I don't know whether my superiors would be so glad with it because you have to introduce a complete uh uh new l line of uh of supplies uh it would be uh very complicated uh organisational we can afford to have two or three different designs at least . I mean those covers could go for for three , five Euro . then the the idea of uh having a remote is generally you have uh different keys and uh different structures , different forms , and uh they could be like buttons and um they could be of uh a varying sizes if you want to to uh basically emphasize a particular key more than the other , and uh maybe like you can have different colours for example having the r red for the on off switching on and off the button . So what I have found was that uh currently uh the they are mostly that the T_V_ , V_C_R_ , music system operated ones actually , for example if you want to follow the V_C_R_ and if you want to follow the uh g uh s some uh soundtrack on the w w see they have the common thing actually you can have I like the idea though of having speech recognition for like the n the name of a channel like B_B_C_ , rather than having to remember the the number of it on the keypad . because uh as more and more channels come then you have more and more problems to remember the v v exact channel numbers ex exactly , There is also um a speech recognition to store channel information , names , if you have a multiple functionality , say T_V_ , V_C_R_ or something I say it to the T_V_ and the T_V_ , and you can programme the keys if you want to , certain keys are even the channel information . In the present market I saw it that says something like they are looking for eighty word thing , eighty word , which shouldn't be th that difficult to implement , like eighty to hundred word . Basically you want you don't want to store all the channels in the remote control , you want to st store your favourite channel . Maybe ten channels , yeah at the most . like the remote with L_C_D_ display for browsing because you have multiple functionalities for example you are watching a movie , and uh uh you are having a universal remote control and you want to uh you don't know really which functionality is now , for example I can use a simple toggle switch , and a display , so I press it so the display says , okay , I'm in T_V_ or D_V_D_ or whatever it is , instead of having three keys separately for four keys , there can be children friendly where you can programme your remote so that they they are not allowed uh to browse certain channels which you can block them , and you can operate them . I personally would look at things like having a u universal remote , instead of having unusual ones for all of them you can think of having , um with multiple functionality possibly with speech recognition . I got a mail from the the coffee machine interface unit that uh they have uh integrated the s speech recognition into a into the coffee machine , and so if you say hello coffee machine , it say hi Joe , or something like that , But a coffee machine , there's not too many words they'd be using with that it's a it's a small vocabulary . so it's a limited vocabulary mm thing , and very isolated word and it's uh it is interesting , and basically storing the channel through voice or other ways of programming your keys , on the display for the browsing and maybe having something like a blinking thing , like uh it could indicate you're uh it it could indicate what is cal like the uh whether uh you you have enough battery in your in your uh remote , the blinking . At the same time , if it's a dark room , it can be used to locate the remote also y you want to let the user to programming the keys ? Some of them ? Yeah you can let them to do that . And uh isn't that too difficult I don't know if we still want the um R_C_ to be easy to use , it d depends on the easiness like the user how much effort he can put . You can have it so it's easy they can pick it up and use it straight away without doing anythi without customizing it , or if they want to they have the option of using these extra features . because I I'm not sure whether that that we can implement that for twelve Euro and fifty cents . I'm sorry to have Every time I have to come down on this price again so this might be a little limiting for your creativity , do we think these ideas an and my uh sp speech recognition , I mean maybe it's possible for for twelve Euro but then then it will be at cost of other functionality we might implement like the uh uh the the the furry uh uh case of the I would say that for programming uh keys , you said , uh it could be uh easily uh done within the the package of twel twelve Euros , i if if it's a low vocabulary it's already implemented , and w how much it's cost , maybe with a f cheap chip . I like the idea too of being able to use the remote in the dark , so either having the buttons so you can feel the difference between them or if they if they light up or something . maybe if you added little bit of display , you might need the to che keep checking the battery , so you really need a some kind of indicator , so it could be a blinking option of L_E_D_ like if you have an L_C_D_ display and all those things it's not going to be the standard remote , uh which need just uh six six volt uh th sorry three volts um of D_C_ . so y you you may need to check your battery usage and then you need that , some functionality to indicate the battery limit . And then if the battery limit is indicated , if it could be ind indicated through a blinking something what I'm gonna present here is very uh um yeah basic knowledge about the all the the components that are inside a a R_C_ a remote control , and how is it manufactured h what is the process , just to explain you . there is a a set of components in a in a remote control the the components in themself do not cost a lot there are two uh different types of uh um Two different ways of using the the components for making a a remote control . Uh the basic way is to use a an integrated circuit and some uh transistors with an that aims at communicating uh uh the message and to to send the message to the um to the led that will uh transmit to the receiver . the other components and the circuit board buttons , infrared , led , etcetera , for the components just to say that the chip can detect uh when a key is pressed , and then it translate to the key , to a sequence , something like morse code , as you know , uh with a different sequence for each key , electronic parts are assembled onto uh printed boards uh because it's easier to mass produce and assemble . I think for our design we want some b uh programmable uh you know V_ V_L_S_I_ or F_P_G_A_ uh high technology , and also we'll use uh yeah like in any uh high-tech uh devices a chip of fi fibreglass to them and connect them . my personal design we need to find a solution what um what is the material of the cover we want to use . If it's plastic m m maybe m maybe we can give the uh the uh the case a very uh uh normal a v very normal case but , with the changeable covers to fancy it up . So like a normal cheap plastic case which can be covered up in , for instance , a wooden case . they also emailed me that uh they have available a bunch of different buttons , a scroll wheels , integrated push buttons s such as a computer mouse . And uh very cheap L_C_D_s , so liquid crystal displays , so I'm wondering , I think we might be able to integrate L_C_D_ into our R_C_ . And the final point okay is um we have yeah there are some uh compromise to to do . we have to know that the push button requires a simple chip , but the scroll wheel uh and that kind of higher high-tech stuff needs more money um which is a higher price range And the display requires an advanced chip , which in turns is more expensive than the regular chip , but I think uh with twelve Euros um and if it's uh uh made for mm four million uh items , then I think w we could be able to handle that . And uh for the designing of the cove uh uh cover layout then it's better to to to maybe see that with uh the the U_R_ exp U_R_I_ Expert so that we can it's really a team-working for example uh I wanted to know like if you want to have a a fo if you want to have the L_C_D_ display over there , or if you want to store a programmes with a keys it's kind of um simple pro progra programmable device , and we have to insert . I think we could insert one that could underlie several functions How f cost effective it would be to put that car chip into it and do the programmable things . I think we we should come to some decisions now uh a about this . I understand uh when we want a display we need a expensive chip , but when we want a scrolling wheel w we also need the expensive chip , so can we use same chip , so with one expensive chip we can uh implement several complicated uh or advanced features . Exactly yeah that's a very good idea , when the more expensive chip you mentioned there is is possible in the in the given budget , uh maybe we should go for for the more expensive chip , I don't know if it'll fit into our cost of twelve point five Euro you know . I think both uh if we had a budget of twenty twenty uh Euros , it will be okay , maybe we need specific costings then . do maybe two designs and then cost them out and see which one is gonna fit in our budget better . wh when you make a a design ca you can next meeting you can give an quite an exact cost price . like what will be the each individually the cost of it . uh 'cause it's I think it's m much easier to use a plastic or a rubber rather than wood . It will be much ch much expensive I think uh I think we can just use more cheap plastic for a kind of basic edition , but i it's a detailed uh yeah yeah uh plastic versus uh wood , and we need maybe to centre our description on uh the the really the what buttons what uh functionality we want to offer to the user , and maybe with uh graphs or I don't know uh Let let's say next meeting w you produce two designs , one one one less advanced and one more advanced and with the cost price . We now can concentrate on the on the basic remote control . We can give them smooth keys , The the problem most of the time we've seen , the keys is that it's small , for example , as I was if you make them big , it may change the look of the thing also to the people . and not too m too many keys of course yeah . one I've had before , a r r remote control we have at home is one that's actually got a cover on the bottom so the bottom bit is just , covers half the keys most of the time , So maybe it's possible uh , I don't know whether you can can indicate this , that you can elsewhere open your remote control and on the inside are uh buttons you don't use that much . can we think about maybe having a a non-recta non non-rectangular one , so with not just the straight little box maybe we need to also to make a decision on how how how big we want to be and how many buttons like n we should dec decide numbers or I think we might be out of time out of time for this meeting . Ju just make two designs , and the we we can decide decide between th those designs . Maybe it would be interesting if you could look um for the cost inventories of other devices , if you're using speech recognition or something like that . is there anything else I need to do from a marketing point of view for the next meeting ? uh , I don't know whether that's possible , maybe you can start evaluating uh their work somehow . is this me designing a way to evaluate it I don't know whether that's possible uh in the given time but a as far as possible . you two will be together w working on a o on two prototypes and further instructions will be uh will be sent to you by uh by email . One for like cost and the one with like higher-end so that then we can be easily comparing them let's call this to an end . 