Okay , let's have a look to the agenda today . So , we are going to have a meeting about the functional design . Um so first before starting I w just going to uh to go quickly to through the minutes of previous meeting . So uh basically we we are not decided if w we should go for a universal or specific uh uh remote control , but I have new um new i inputs for about that topics . I goin I'm going to share with you . so we are going to go through three of your individual presentations . But first I would like quickly to uh to decide of to give a name to the project . So , I just put d quickly Remo , Any ideas ? Uh Maybe a Spanish name would work well . Mando . What does it mean in Spanish ? Control . So , let's go for Mando ? you could have the fonts you know special , Although you don't wanna cut uh cut women out of the uh potential buyers though , I I think this is more a question of of look and feel . Something that should be addressed later We should we should go to other for the other topics . So maybe we could start with the market , yeah . and we have to find the weaknesses and and the the improvements we could do to the current remote controls . And also I di I did a study with for the incorporation of new technologies Well more most of the people think that remote controls are ugly , thoroughly . So and they they admit that the the they should uh s they would uh spend more money in a fancier remote control , the the younger people are the more interested they are in incorporating new technologies in the in the remote control . So in my opinion the Mando this Mando shouldn't be very small So it may be interesting to to think in a in both prototypes , for right and left handed people . Well th the on the thing is though , most remote controls are used by more than one person . Well maybe it could be a universal design . And finally , the incorporation of a L_C_D_ or a speech recognition system in the remote control could also be interesting , but I don't know if the budget would be large enough . But most of yeah most of the young people to thirty to thirty years old were really interested in this kind of technology . We had the new requirements from the so uh from the head offices of the company , and so they wanted so they want to um they would like to be restricted to T_V_ . and uh finally , it should be clear that the corporate image , that means colours and logos of the co our company should be clearly inde identified in the product . So we have also to focus more on the internet aspects because well well te teletext is outdated now I was still uh I was still working on this uh twenty five Euro price point because I think actually having looked at some of the remotes out there , this is quite a low uh price I think even even if it was within budget do a speech reco rec system it might be a bit difficult because if you think if you're watching T_V_ you're gonna have a lot of this uh background noise from the T_V_ which might interfere with the it could be command control kind of thing . It requir recognises particular sequence and then it gets activated . Okay so um while uh researching this this topic I first of all just thought of a couple of things that I would like to see in a remote , and then also searched for which are the top-rated uh remote controls on Epinions dot com , which is a a you know a a customer um written basically review site . and and uh this remote control on the right here is is one of the more extravagant , well basically all the functions uh are controlled through through the L_C_D_ screen But um the thing that I find most interesting about this remote control , and it's kind of difficult to uh to see in the slide , but it has a scroll wheel on it , I think that a scroll wheel is actually pretty a pretty handy way of of changing the channel . because obviously a lot of this stuff can't be done for twenty five Eu uh Euro , but one possibility is to download program information into the L_C_D_ screen this is another multi kinda purpose remote control where it's it's it's very simple , So this is something else we might wanna consider , is really kind of limiting the number of buttons , but I think also you know the location and and shape of the buttons is important , but also the number of buttons . Um I think maybe one option is to have you know a little flip-open um door that uh that you have hidden most of the time , but contains the extra buttons like , say , the number buttons for instance . Um if I had my perfect remote control , I'd probably just have no numbers at all on it because they're just in the way . because w if people see a remo see the see a remote control without numbers mm they will think it's very difficult to learn very difficult to very different build very different to the traditional Um okay , so , I think um one of the really kind of useful things you can do with with internet connectivity would be to have this a programme driven interface rather than the channel number . the scroll wheel could be used without an L_C_D_ screen , just for changing channel numbers easily . and maybe we wanna make it something that's extensible to do other tasks . Then you say potentially you can then do other cool stuff like change the lights , I dunno , close the windows , whatever , turn the heating on , user i interface could be of two types , one is the usual press buttons which are there so that the user feels that he is knoing doing some he is knowing about that technology . and on top of that there there could be a speech recognition technology also being sitting on the on the remote . but we have seen before that there is a new way of interacting that use wheel . And for voice , limited vocabulary automatic speech recognition system is required and we require a microphone also to be sitting there on the remote . That increases the the cost also . Do you think that performance of such systems are enough to to target well of such technologies is enough ? Well wh uh I imagine also that the microphone will be an ambiance um a um an ambience microphones Well one one other thing that that speech recognition could really blow out the price for is uh when you want to sell into other markets , though , my personal preference was that we can have A_S_R_ sitting there on the remote control . I'm sure if you can sell a a speech recognition remote control for twenty five Euros everyo everyone will s will buy it . Actually I'm not so sure you know if I was using a remote control to , say , turn the volume up because I can't hear it very well , I don't really want to you know drown out what people are saying by talking you know when I'm when I'm instead of pressing up on on a remote control . we need to have um um remote control which is fanc fancy , which is uh which is easy to to hand not too small , not too big . We should bring new technologies for young peoples , So so my feeling is that re regarding costs budget we have an an an target price , it's not possible to go s to go to L_C_D_ and also to go to automatic speech recognition technologies . you say we're focusing on T_V_ , but is it still a kind of like a universal remote in that it's a replacement remote control , or is this something for our own line of of televisions ? well , could we fit the the targets uh in terms of cost uh if we go s to L_C_D_ on the remote control ? For twenty five Euro ? I think it's impossible . because for twenty five Euro I think all we can really do is provide a very basic remote control , So I would I would like to know if there's any chance of of increasing the uh of increasing the unit price . what would be the goal of putting an L_C_D_ in a remote control ? So what would what would appear in the in the L_C_D_ ? So you could have the name of the programme , you could have um the start time you know where it's up to . Is it that we are targeting the replacement remote market , or what ? I think that the speech recognition technology would be cheaper the than the L_C_D_ . so that mean w w we need an in an extra internet connection to use the remote control , if you want to browse , in addition to the T_V_ , or uh or it should be a special T_V_ connected to The L_C_D_ is still on disc is still open to discussion . we don't go for speech recognition technology . I think the type of people that are gonna want to buy a very stylish rem r remote control with lots of new technologies are the kinda people that are gonna have you know a wireless internet connection maybe , or a you know . But then we should move to another target b because at twenty five Dollars , Can we can we increase the the price point of this remote control ? I'm no I'm definit definitely not keen on going to speech recognition technologies . Um so you have to work on the component uh concept . Uh you have to work on user interface , and you have to go through a trend watching . So the question is still open about the L_C_D_ thing . 