So we are here for the concept design meeting . So , we will first start by summarizing the mm the previous meeting and the decision we've taken . So each of you will uh show us the various investigation they've done during uh previous uh hours . We'll then t take decision in concert and then uh uh we will uh define the nest next task , to have to be done before the next meeting . So maybe we can start with uh industrial design . you just have a a very simple chip and the mm the user interface is just done usually by push button and in our case we are using a um a wheel control . The push button are usually extremely cheap , but I just have one problem and this is related with the wheel sensor , which seems to be quite expensive . And I think we if we could just talk about that if we really need a wheel sensor or if we can not if if we could combine something with the push button . Uh a wheel sensor is fifty time the price of a a a push button . So will will will this with uh including all possible things , so buttons , wheel and the chip , be uh lower than twelve Euros to produce ? We should talk about uh the design of the box also which needs some money . You we uh an email from the manufacturing division that they have basically a voice recognition chip already developed . Yeah you reco recognize commands and you can record new commands and stuff , the I I just want to mention the the problem of the the r wheels sensor which is much more expensive than any push button , We we have already some good things uh with um um with the backlight of the push button . Um , what is the purpose of the light ? You can easily find the button in the dark or so ? As soon as you thought to move the the remote control you have the light . I don't think that this is really expensive , Yeah , but I expected also the wheel would be cheap but you tell me that it is very expensive so , But it can be uh battery consuming , no ? To have the light always on ? Yeah , a little bit . So I just look at some current designs uh on the web , of usually more complicated remote controls . And let's look at two of them because uh th even though they have many buttons they look quite simple . And in our case we just uh reject the buttons what we don't need and it become even simpler . We have all these buttons as you can see , but most of them , we just need the ones in the middle . So it's basically more or less how we would like it , with a big volume control , big channel control , and mute and power , So basically , w software we will build will look more or less the same as these two . With a maybe a more ergonomic design on on the bottom part . I think that the volume and the buttons that are there on the top are not very easy to reach with your thumb . Uh you just need to put the channel numbers somewhere a bit out of the way . Uh so we could just basically use one just wheel and uh user could use just the wheel to do everything with the channels in that case . Maybe the wheel will be a good advantage over our competitors . And there is a fashion watchers in Paris and Milan that have detected the following trends , uh fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothes , shoes , and furnitures . So , maybe if our remote control have to be a fruit form or vegetable form And the mm the material is expected to be spongy . I think we can certainly just put the electronics in a spongy thing , Yeah , because it's robust . I think it's innovative to use the mm the wheel because I think no one else has . that's why I think we have to keep that if it's possible . Maybe uh um a colour that remember some fruit uh , things like that . Well the obvious thing is a banana , I guess . Yeah . Maybe pear yeah or something like that . And for maybe look and feel , what about a a piece of ice , But that's not in the trend . . I think p spongy is good because it it will be robust as well . I think we can keep the wheel Banana is also yellow so you you can't lost your remote control then . but when the banana is curving like that , with the wheel on the top and to control , You can also take into account the fact that the banana fits with the colour scheme of our company . So we will just use a a standard battery ? chip imprint we know exactly which one we are going to use . I just want to have so something to prin to to fix my my components onto that box , and that's it . I think it's the box that should be spongy , banana's shape . 