So in last meeting we have discussed the conceptual design and we asked you to prepare a prototype for the for the remote control . So let's see the what did you prepare . S so so I discussed with Guillaume . and we we are both agreed on some two versions of the prototypes , because we were no not decided whether we wanted to have an L_C_D_ or not because it's too expensive . One with and one without L_C_D_s . Um but both comes with a charger and then detachable and uh or control module . And detachable big buttons for all people um . Here we have the first one with the beautiful uh L_C_D_ um display . S okay so I'll show you the the two prototypes . And you can uh just um browse into the the navigation menu by uh joystick joystick-like uh button . You can uh choose the direction You have on the mm on the side here the microphone for the for the speech recognition system here . And here the the switch that control if you want The the microphone picks up the speeches from anywhere . Is it an only a single mic or a microphone array ? Well so it's a microphone array . Oh it's very costly , microphone array . it's just a single microphone , I I think uh we we put it here because I think when you when you are browsing your L_C_D_ you will be close to well it's better to to to place it here th than here , for instance . And here is a little switch that control if you want the the speaker uh recognition system to um to be on or off . And uh so this remote control comes up with its charger . How much does it cost this one ? Well this this prototype is um made for about uh well fi fi fifteen fifteen dollars Ah it's above it's above the budget . but uh it's just a prototype the and the the production costs we we can achieve uh about ten dollars . How many b battery is there ? Is it n the two A_A_s batteries in it . A_A_ rechargeable batteries . Is that two or one ? Actually uh it's a flexible thing . So and if you want to charge the battery you just put the remote control like that to plug in the the charger and uh leave it uh alone , it's alright . I forgot to tell you there is only a single button there , This button is like the mouse is like a joystick , you can move in three hundred and sixty degrees of direction and it the additi functions associated to all the actions you ma you have a click you have a double click all in a single button . You can move up , down , left , right , or you can do a swing . Here I present another version without the L_C_D_ . So we have the the second version also with the different uh button configuration . The second version is also simpler , we d uh we had just uh I have to put the microphone also . Uh-huh and also the switch . Basically it's the same uh things uh uh as uh I presented before . But here we have uh we have uh four buttons for navigation . Press one button uh acting as a a enter button . So um yeah according to what you said it's more robust to the user . And uh it's also cheaper to produce . We can produce uh such remote control for about uh four dollars . And I think you forgot a point here to have an button to find the charger , and if you disable speech recognition system then ? W w I'll I'll come to that point later on . in either versions you they they ha they use the same charger yeah . It's that same charger that you can use for the hand-phone but uh again depends on the types . I think we have to investigate more on that , but The price should be below twelve and a half Euro . but as the Marketing Manager says , people is willing to people are willing to pay more for good design . but the company is not willing to invest more at the moment . The price of selling is twenty five Euros . the the the thing that makes this the controller cheap is that it is modular If you want less function i i if you want a reasonable price you pay for the functions that you add on to the system , Something like customised . Yeah for example the L_C_D_ , you can take it you can put it put it back in , or you can use the other one , or the speech recogniser with the microphone yeah yeah . You want a microphone to put in the speech recogniser you don't wan you pay less for the system you see . It's pretty flexible in the yeah price . You also have the the the two other modules for the parental control that that you ca you can add up to the to your remote control i i if you uh if you want to to have more more power on what you do , and uh which channel you want to choose and so on . H here is just the the the module for the kids and th if the parents want to watch T_V_ , up they come up with their modules , We also have this module for uh old people with big buttons , clearly labelled , and it acts like the previous one , you just plug in and it works . the i the idea the the conceptual idea is that simplicity and powerful . Simplicity meaning that we have few buttons , powerful is that all the controls with the one you saw we saw earlier in the meetings with lots of buttons n that's our uh an innovation um uh i in this uh design here . Okay now we come to other important features that I did not tell you . The first one is the speech recogniser , again it's detachable or add-on . And then we also have security feature it's very robust , and the material , what's the material again ? The titanium Again uh and the battery life is uh is an is an endurable one , again because this is A_A_ batteries you can choose the types of battery you want . Lithium-ion may be a good one , again you pay for what you get , and then um y the other p points are robust and misplacement reminder . So when you finish watching your T_V_ and you the you t you turn off the T_V_ , uh and then there's this message coming out that uh please put that back to the charger , And it also use a programmable channel and vocabulary , so we didn't define the vocabulary so it's up to the user to define And then uh because of the chil because children are using the device so we have also a a of T_V_ programmes by genre , and this can be used by the adult or by the children . What's the price to p to produce ? Well so the price to produce For uh the simplest one , say we start from four dollars to produce such a device . The without without the charger it's about uh well two dollars to produce uh the microphone and speech recognition systems . Two dollars for the uh for the add-on modules , and finally three dollars for the charger . So if you uh sum up uh everything wi with the L_C_D_ , which costs two dollar , you have two plus four plus four plus two plus two . We don't have all the options . so the total cost if you if you want all the fuct functionalities will be about uh fifteen dollars . so you want more function you pay more . it's below the the the budget . I think we will just have a rough look and then we can make our statements , and we can finalise the product based on this discu So the marketing made an evaluation criteria and these were some of the findings , and uh in the market the people are not really interested with L_C_D_ , without L_C_D_ , with speech recognition interface , or without speech recognition interface , but most of the people what they are interested is first thing is , they want to have an fancy look and feel , it should be very fancy with colourful and uh very handy to hold . And the second thing is it should be much more technologically innovative . Of course in that we could put L_C_D_ or recognition to be more technologically innovative . And the third one is easy to use . since we haven't yet a remote who are allowing to to choose interactively with the T_V_ screen uh uh with just four buttons . Well I think that the technical in innovation is is in the product itself here you can find these are the latest fashion updates , and so this in Paris and Milan they have detected this trends that the this year it's going to be an year of fruit and vegetable , so people are really interested to see if they have an remote in the shape of the fruit or a vegetable , or whatever they like . So I think it should be much more customised to make a different uh shapes . And the second thing is , and if the material , they really do not want it to be very hard , as in the case of very pl plastic or titanium , it should be somewhat spongy . you should find a material that is robust at the same time spongy . Yeah so uh so finally we have these three criterias . One is fancy look , second is innovative , and third is easy to use . So and we have an evaluation criteria for each one of these , say that we have a seven point scale , from one to seven , and for each of the product you could just give me the scale according to this . so on this scale , if it is true , if it is if it has a fancy look you could just tell me one , So now you have with L_C_D_ and without L_C_D_ , or if it is false , it doesn't it looks uh it doesn't look much fancy , then you could just tell me seven . But who will give the scoring uh we ourself or or a third party ? according to you designers , On on this scale the L_C_D_ remote control . How do you look how does it look ? D is it very fancy or doesn't look much fancy ? I'll I'll say three or four . I think we can improve on the design . Som someone um commented this is like a the stone age uh design . Um we have been focused all all this time on the on the technical aspect , functional aspect , but also the simplicity . So I take three on with L_C_D_ ? So without L_C_D_ how would you rate it ? Uh four . I think it's it's uh more easy to make f fancy things when it's not complicated so removing the L_C_D_ um gives us a li more liberty to to have a fancy look . And in the sense of innovativeness , with L_C_D_ . Well it's it's the same for both so I will give a five , six . from the innovation aspect I feel that uh what is most innovative of our prototype compared to the existing prototypes that we saw l in the last meeting is that um the retrieval of T_V_ programmes by content , and for now and another innovation we have is simplicity and simplicity , few buttons , we've uh A lot of functionalities . So without L_C_D_ ? Mm for both it's the the same innovations . So maybe I can put six to seven . actually uh to make it with L_C_D_ you make more efforts . then when it is without L_C_D_ there is not much innovativeness . Uh uh uh there w there was a there was a issue here is that what are what is the display on the L_C_D_ ? but you have the same programme on the T_V_ screen . We haven't really uh determined what are actually actually I mean on the L_C_D_ , according to what I understand from your model is , you have a joystick here , and you have L_C_D_ , you just press your joystick , you get here a programme . on the T_V_ you don't it doesn't display on the T_V_ now . If you have the L_C_D_ , Then uh there is no meaning in having it on the T_V_ . But you cannot display all on a L_C_D_ . Anyway for for the users who who who opt for L_C_D_ we'll give them the give them the L_C_D_ , So without L_C_D_ you want to put it fi the same level of innovativeness ? Well I think both are really easy to use and uh well t p the menu are clear , well-organised , so so I will give a six for the easy to use . No it's just if I I see the the f the rate I think it's better to do it without L_C_D_ . Because that's with L_C_D_ just will increase the price , So I mean in the product design you could just amend it to make some few changes according to fruit and vegetable or a spongy touch without L_C_D_ and without speech recognition . I have another thing to say about the easy to use aspect . I think the easy to use uh aspect is different for different people . For the young generation easy to use may be very complicated because uh they w they wants lot of controls with lots of buttons . For kids they want simply the s similarit for the old people they want simplicity , but but uh what I'm trying to say here is that the um we have different sets of buttons for different kinds of people . So without L_C_D_ I just take it five ? Um six . and it's going to be much simpler to use . so let's go back to our laboratory and To improve on the design . what about the integration of speech recognition ? The speech recogniser is a add-on module . That's going to be an optional . S s oh I think it's better to have this without L_C_D_ . As our Programme Manager s Pro Project Manager says that without L_C_D_ it is going to reduce the cost also , I think it will be better if we have all these modules in the same remote control , because maybe parents will lose these uh but I mean if you have an add-ons , the kids may just uh hide the parental module Or maybe parents they can for forget where they put it or , The problem is if i we are bla if a customer wants a certain component , and doesn't want the parental control because it's a couple who do not have children when you sell the product in the market you could meet any kind of people , and not all people will need all the functionalities we propose to them . So you mean that even if these modules will be will be functional uh will be optional . But the the question is n does those modularity increase the production cost or decrease the production cost ? I think it inc increase . because it's three different pieces uh to to to build but it's I think it's cheaper if you if you already built the all the functionalities um on the same module , but uh Well well the other aspect is that if in the when they have the ar existing product you you gonna maintain the the you're gonna keep the same customer , because the same customer will come back to buy other add-ons . i i so if don't don't buy now they can buy i in the future . attracting them to come back in again and again . Yeah well if the buyers can be up the th would be can be upgraded , it would be a good thing right ? And uh what's the idea about uh the shape of the remote controls ? Uh can they be made into a fruit and vegetable types ? but we are also the um well the components will have to change because uh we have to deal with the shape Or uh it could be like this the P_C_B_ would be the same for all , but only the exterior uh shape is different o for all . What we can change is to propose the customers with skins . For example the i the mobile phones nowaday , they sell different kinds of skin and then people just feel that oh I have a new skin and looks better . we can have the same global shape and then uh add on skins and with with this uh tex spongy texture uh things like that . I think you need to look into the material . I think the Project Manager would be interested to look about the financial issues in making these models . Project evaluation project satisfaction , for example . I don't know , we have to ask these question . Room for creativity . This room is a bit small , but but I think it's okay for us to work with . This is fine for making a presentat for project presentations . And the leadership was excellent . Yeah I think so . Uh the teamwork was very very good . And new ideas found . Come up with new product . Yeah and also more well uh more seriously I think it's it's a good idea to have uh clear clear points whenever we do a meeting uh prior to the meeting to have uh well a list with the points who will be discussed or things like that , We achieved uh project goal I think . that is within the budget . yes , more or less . Without without L_C_D_ , without speech recognition , it will be simple . Yeah thank you for your work and 