Um the goal of this meeting is to reach a decision at the end on the concept and I think the last time we talked about an a lot and we had a rough idea of what is going to be , we will have again three presentation , from all of you , Okay . Um so basically I just want to presented to you present to you some recent results we've had from um looking at uh um some remote control market research and some fashion trends around the world . Um so f from our market research basically we've come to the conclusion that a fancy look and feel , um as opposed to a functional look and feel , is our number one priority . Secondly um that our remote control needs to be techn technologically innovative . Um and third thirdly the easiness of use is is the um is is important as well , From our f fashion people in Paris and Milan , um we've discovered that this year um fruit the fruit and vegetable motif will be the most important thing in in clothes , shoes and furniture . And also um the feel of material this year um is expected to be spongy . I think the biggest struggle will be the easy to use feature . Okay Um generally , generally uh this remote control uh uh should be should be something , in my opinion , uh the first feature is just to be easy to use . So , the more frequent buttons should be larger , they should be placed in a good position uh uh inside the remote control . And uh s uh I can conclude like this , that we shouldn't need to learn how to use it . Uh the shape of remote control should be in a way which can which should be taken easily in hand . And uh also f uh uh m because because customers doesn't like to buy lots of battery , it should not uh consume lots of energy . so we can cover these buttons which are not used or uh number buttons for the for the for the can channels , Uh . And also uh I think if we put some some some some some buttons inside of the remote control it can be used easier . And uh I dunno but uh I think usage of a speech recogn uh r recogniser can be good . but if we do it in some way that it asleeps when there is no sound and when it detects some sound it may consume less energy . that our company uh developed a s a seven f seven fingers seven seven inch T_ T_F_T_ screen , which is good news for us , since we wanted to include a display there . So there will be some circuit uh for the power . Uh the main energy will be taken from batteries And if we decide to use the speech recognition stuff there , we must use additional source of energy , which I found the best is to use the solar cells which can which can uh supply everything . Uh the main board with all the circuits will take at least seven to seven centimetres , And on the main board we have the um interface to the microphone , which is somewhere , Can you fit any uh for example a T_F_T_ or any electronic device in a spongy thing , or is there any problem for that ? A all these things in in uh in this box are okay to put in in any shape , basically . Well , sponginess . Maybe it a good feature , since it takes if it's around the T_F_T_ then it's good , because it's just keeps it safe , Well maybe it can have two shells , a hard shell inside and a spongy shell outside . Maybe put electronic in a box and a spongy thing around . Uh uh have we decided that we're gonna use this T_F_T_ screen ? how big is it in reality ? Usually when they say seven inch I think it's the diagonal . But I I think we can we can cut it . So so for the same price we have four screens now . Seven to seven to at least well some three millimetres or something . Even from my perspective seven t seven centimetres by seven centimetres is still Yeah , but we wanted the big buttons and stuff like that , you know . I thought that it it should fit in the hand or something . so I think we have to do some work to finalise our idea and take decisions . Uh first I think energy it's a key problem If we use the batteries , and the additional so solar cell , then it's okay for L_ uh speech recognition and L_C_D_ , so no problem in energy , I think . So if we use s solar cells , um where is the sun if someone's watching T_V_ inside ? I think uh seven centimetre by seven centimetre is a little bit large . Could you re could you redesign your board ? I've I s I think the easiest thing would be to to have a smaller L_C_D_ , if it's possible . Okay , so five to ten , I I think it's it's feasible . So using some L_C_D_s we can touch , so we can remove uh keys and just uh having uh , I dunno the name , L_C_D_ responding to fingers . So let's go for a small L_C_D_ . My first idea is because our colour is more yellow , and the it should be easy to take in a hand , I thought about banana , or something like that , which is fruits , and Well it's it's definitely the obvious choice , with the colour of our company . I dunno if it can fit with the technology . The screen has to be square ? But if you want some shape then we can only get like two screens out of seven to seven inches , so . So we are agree with the banana thing ? It's like more more expensive to have shape like that . I think that's more important than saving a bit of money on on the T_F_T_ screen . So , the last point we decided it's infra-red , I guess . should should discover the other buttons , which are hidden . Yeah , peeling of the banana . Is it is it possible to do that ? I think if we if we have a spongy layer on the outside of the banana then it's easy to make that , If you see it's like peeling . You open a plastic cover and you see some U_S_B_ interfaces , some some interfaces for adaptor . it can be a plastic cover uh sticking to the to the all the stuff like uh with magnetic p uh magnetic uh magnetic uh materials in the border , so it's it sticks like refrigerator door , completely . And what would be the matter here of the first layer I mean ? Mm . Likes . Soft plastic , or So we add also the speech recognition device . Um , so uh the the Industrial Manager uh will uh will work on the look and feel design . The User Interface uh uh Mana uh Manager will work on the user interface device . And the the Marketing Expert will do the first project evaluation . uh I think you should work together , s you uh Hamed and Peter , to work uh in a in a first prototype , 