Uh first we going uh over the minutes of the last meeting , more or less . Um in the last meeting uh the marketing manager had presented uh her method of working , Our technical manager has then said that she feels it should have a chip Uh are we all in agreement that that's about what we discussed last time ? Now as an interface designer , I would give more emphasis on the interface , how the remote looks like Okay . Now the function of a remote is to send messages to the television . Then it should have a next button , Then , there should be a button which can give subtitles for a particular program which is going on a television . Then there should d uh there should be some buttons which can control features like the colour , colour of the picture , the contrast , sharpness , brightness of the picture . Now there should be a memory switch . Now the most important feature I would like to have in my remote would be the speech recognition feature . for example , if you want to see we if you want to see the ninth channel if you say just say ninth channel , uh th now the the uh yeah , the remote will automatically it will switch to the ninth channel . So this is one one of the interface which can be created . A very simple interface which has all the t uh uh important features . Then , these are some of the remotes which are different in shape and colour , but they have many buttons . So you can you can design an interface which is very simple , and which is user-friendly . Yeah , so this is one of the interface or one of the remote which has this vi voice recogniser . Yeah , now this is an interface for a chil uh for a remote uh uh which a child can use . And this comes with different colours , different shapes . Now this is a big over-sized remote which cannot be misplaced or it's impossible to misplace . And the personal preference uh would be a spe uh uh to incorporate speech recognisers uh which will respond to user's voice for a particular uh function . Uh any comments on uh her presentation ? Well , um looks like we still have quite a choice of things out there . But uh we're gonna have to narrow it down a little more . No , I think her presentation was good , and she really explored all the options . Yeah . Um this time I'm I'm going to um concentrate more on the components and the technical side of the remote controller design . I Uh the first one is case to keep all the components like integrated circuit , battery , etcetera , etcetera , like uh if we want to have different colours , blue , red , green , so uh uh we have to use uh some colouring compone compone components . And uh the second important thing is uh uh uh integrated circuit . Uh which uh we can use a highly sophisticated one because it's like the it's like the heart of the remote controller . So it should be strong . And it should be recyclable . And the uh other component we should uh we have in the remote controller is a resistor uh if we will be able to make a res rechargeable battery then we sh we need not go for a high performance battery , this is a normal remote controller . like you can see a chip there which is having eighteen pins , you can see the T_A_ double one eight three five labelled uh chip um . Uh you can also see the uh uh the green two green things are uh these are they are they are resistors , Actually , uh building a circuit bo board is pretty pretty uh easy and also it's a it's a l l inexpensive . Uh b but a b a push-button requires a simple chip underneath it , but whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip which is a higher price range . Like for s scrolls we have to go for a sophisticated and and k uh uh uh full a complete chip . uh or we can use solar sells . Uh and a as energy source we offer a basic battery , a more ingenious uh hard dynamo , um a kinetic provision of energy , Like we can have a ma material such as plastic , rubber , wood , titanium , Uh yeah , on the scroll and the push-button , um ca you can achieve scrolling by repeatedly pushing a button ? No , no , no , th the the the scrolling wheels are different , like you can go for a sw switches like buttons or scrolls , uh which which we used to do before ten ten years before , I think . Now , nobody uses that because you need you need a a k sophisticated chip and all . So I think it's better we go for uh um ordinary buttons . We don't have a lot of time left and we will still have to make a decision , Um alright , my method is uh I'm interested in what the competition is doing , and wanna see how we can make ourselves different from the competition , Um and my findings from this is that , you know , small is beautiful . Simple is beautiful . And eye-catching is important . And in my research this year I found out that fruit and vegetable shapes are really popular . They are more back into soft feel , spongy feeling things , things with maybe a little cloth on them . And what we really have to decide in this meeting is um the concept of the remote . This could be uh one feature which could be sellable . I would like to include this feature which is called as voice recogniser . Yeah , but but I what I'm uh very very much doubtful how how uh far it will work , because a speech recogniser like i it it has its own uh uh problems , issues . So to get a good recogni recognising system , it's a costly thing , I think . it it's like your recording of uh all uh um a question already , and then you're expecting an answer from th What kind of energy do we foresee ? I think I think battery , and I think we all agreed on that . That that's that's gonna be most cost-effective and the best thing . Bright , colourful , trendy trendy design , and strong . Trendy design , compact and strong . Not sure what they mean by supplements . Her speech recognition feature would be a supplement . Okay , so why don't we put down speech recognition if possible pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is . and the marketing expert with the product evaluation . and uh the U_I_D_ is supposed to uh come up with the user interface design , In this phase , the two of you , Jana and Francine , have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay , it says here . You will receive specific instructions will be sent to you by your coaches . 