So today is um our third meeting . It will be about the conceptual design uh . um . We decided not to go for speech recognition technologies because of some reasons and we are not decided about u the use of L_C_D_ screen on on the remote control because of costs . Uh at the end of the meeting we should take decision on that point . So each of you have some presentatio presentation to perform I investigate deeper the preference of the users . What I found in order of importance from less to more important is that people want an easy to use device . After they they want something new technologic technologically speaking , what they what they find more more interesting , more or more important it's uh a fancy look and feel instead of uh instead of the current the current trend which was f the functional look and feel . So now more more cool aspect , ma more a cooler aspect uh rather than a device with many functions and many buttons with instead of i instead of ha of a device which can do many things , a device which is pleasant to to watch , to see . all this fashion it's it's fruit and the the the theme is fruit and vegetables . And also in the in the U_S_A_ the the current the mor the most popular feeling it's it's a spongy . What what do you mean by fruit and vegetables and spongy ? I didn't miss and I saw that the fruit , there are many fr pictures of fruits and vegetables in the clothes . So we're not gonna have a remote control in the shape of of a banana , Vegetable textures and all this kind . So I ha I haven't thought of any particular fruit , but the general aspect of the of the remote control may may could remind some kind of vegetable , instead of vegetable , some natur mm uh natural object or something . or you want just some kind of like fruit logo on the No , not n not not too much focus , not too much focu not n not too s not too similar to a fruit because next year the ten the trend the trend will be different . I'm not , I'm not really sure if uh that would really appeal to everyone though , like maybe just like a little bit n a little fruit picture somewhere in the corner , Is fruit cool ? Okay , but it has to be easy to uh to use though and to hold you know , Well , probably the only thing is a banana that I can think of , a cucumber . Maybe too long . and you you you will not have pla enough a lot of place to put a L_C_D_ on a banana also . and also it's I'm not convinced about this L_C_D_ Uh do you want a an L_C_D_ with twenty five Euros ? you're simply looking s to a remote control that looks like a banana with few buttons with only a few buttons . Okay . So I received an email um around lunchtime letting me know that the brilliant minds at our technology division had developed an integrated programmable sample sensor sample speaker unit , So you are User Interface guy . It means that it can recognize , it can do like a match on a on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that . I guess you could build that in , you could you could link the the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on on the remote control . but it basically means we c we can kind of consider this from uh you know uh a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about you know how to develop it because we have this already done . Is this a technology that recognize keywords speech keywords ? it's it'll recognize uh I guess keywords , but you know keywords in a certain order like a phrase . So this is not s really to do to to do control . It's designed it's designed as a fun kind of thing , yeah comp completely pointless for the inter for from the interaction point of v point of view . So this is out of discussion . I think it doesn't really add much to the functional design and it's it's it's not mature enough to use as a speech recognition engine , so I've just done a quick mock-up of uh uh some of the features of our potential funky-looking uh remote control But um , I've just indicated here , we could have actually two scroll wheels , But I think it's important , you know , to have two scroll wheels because , you know , you want one for for the channel , but you also want one for for the volume , I've also included this turbo button because I think , you know , every design should have a turbo button , so with this turbo button you can , say , skip over t channels if uh , you know , if I'm if I'm going if I'm scrolling past them but I mean we can discuss about what other kind of buttons we need , um . it's just you know a couple of scroll wheels and a button cause it's hard to get so many buttons on a banana well , I guess you need an on and off switch , but you could you could o you could turn it turn it on by taking the top off the banana maybe , you know , So i it looks like we're going completely to forget about the L_C_D_ thing . I I think we could use somehow the s coffee machine dialogue interface or so . No we can we can't use that . Well , I f I think it's probably more than , than our can handle because it's designed for a coffee machine , you know , to say hello in the morning . I don't I don't know if that speech recognition is , you know , even if we can do it , I think it's not really appropriate for uh television environment . It might be useful to have some kind of base station , even if it's just you press on a button on it and uh and the remote control starts beeping , you know , this is a way of finding the remote . So this is going to be about the component design . So first thing is we need power source for the remote control . So I was of the idea that we can have two kind of power supplies , one is the usual batteries which are there , they could be chargeable batteries if there's a basis station kind of thing and on top of that we can have solar cells , when the lighting conditions are good they can be used so it'll be pretty uh innovative kind . Then uh we need plastic with some elasticity so that if your if the remote control falls it's not broken directly into pieces , I guess that fits in with the spongy kind of design philosophy . and then it should be double curve . The s science for the ease of handling and there are some other issues why we need double curve . with plastic you can have double curve but with uh certain other materials we cannot have double curve . but plastic is I think is the most appropriate one , it'll bring the cost down Yeah but it's more easier to do a banana in plastic than uh in wood . but are we set on the banana idea ? the shape of a banana is not it's not really handy . Yes it is . Yeah , okay , so capsicum or pepper . Yeah . I don't know , it seems a little bit kind of bulky to me , like But like a banana you can you can be holding like this and have the scroll wheel kind of on top Okay , so push buttons for the traditional users so that they don't feel they are alienated , Then uh there are different kind of chips , one one is the basic chip and the regular chip and one an adva advanced chip . Pricing is a factor for us , that's why we'll go for the regular chip . So are there any issues where we place this this chip to make sure you can actually hear the the speaker from the outside of the banana ? Uh , so we can have it at one of the boundaries so that things are slightly better . or as hearing is concerned , we can have some gap at some place , so our T_V_ remote can have little extra things to support additional devices like V_C_R_ D_V_D_ players which are usually attached with the T_V_ , It depends , if we like , if we are concentrating on like a fruit design , then maybe maybe we wanna sell a collection of fruit , you know , like a different fruit for each device . So you're having the basis station and there is a button , if you press that button wherever the remote it'll start beeping so you know where the remote is . Uh I think that's a pretty handy feature . Yeah but I'm a bit worried about the budget . basis station is nothing more , just it's a wire which is coming from the main cable and uh you're having one socket on which the thing sits . L_C_D_ has already been ruled out , A_S_R_ has been ruled out . I'm just wondering actually , 'cause , you know , I this whole fruit thing with the banana , it's um it seemed like it first seems a bit kind of uh niche , like only a few people would really want a banana , but what if it was kind of uh a stylised banana ? You know , rather than having it kind of you know yellow and really looking exactly like a banana , you could make it kind of silver . If you make something that looks like a banana it should have the colour of a banana . maybe like still in the shape of a banana . Um , but you know , just maybe maybe not exactly the same texture as a banana Before before st before ending the meeting I'd like to to draw some sketch about the pro future prot prototype . So we need to take some de decisions about um about what we're going to do . so we're going for a stylish banana shape . We'll have a base station extra uh on the side . Uh , we have a R_F_ for um for beeping for beeping . So we that means we need a button on th on the on the basis . and your tur turbo turbo uh button . Yeah , which I think it's it's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the the device , And and you have two wheels . Oh we need a we need a power um on off switch as well . Well , I dunno if the traditional user is gonna buy a a banana remote But you know our targets are very high , means fifty million Euros is the profit which we want make . You have to uh work on the look and feel uh design and you have to work on the user interface , in fact you two you have to work together to model the first uh f first prototype . Uh Marketing Expert uh have to go to product evaluation . 