Today , functional design phase . The functional requirements , it's uh uh very important for uh the user , seventy five percent of the users find most remote controls ugly . Um they want to spend money for a better system , for better remote control , and um they use yeah , they use zap a lot , but um uh the relevant buttons are the power , the channel selection and the volume selection . but uh w and not important in the audio settings , display settings we can we can hide those under a menu or something , that was in the test , the the most people uh f find it uh irritating uh when they cannot find a rem their remote control , so uh I think it's a bee beep to sound it and uh you can find it . And another thing uh they want was uh speech recognition And they want maybe an uh L_C_D_ screen We wanna have a little preview on the remote control . Preview what's on the channel . 'Cause it sounds pretty expensive too . Uh my personal preferences is uh a button for my favourite channel , it just remembers the channel that you are on most , for example . Yeah . some technical functions . There are many buttons on a remote control which are not clear . Uh also symbols tend to fade after a while . this is basically what I h had in mind in the fade-proof symbols , locator , a sound , And possibly also the size , so more important buttons , bigger but more less buttons , easy , some bigger buttons . Yeah , it's true . So we agree on the the part that we need to get something on the on the remote to find it somewhere so if we make a circuit board with the the connections already on it , then that's cheaper . You have the the power coming in , The switch uh uh uh if you p press it then some electrical charge goes into the processor , that thinks over a Morse code , then uh the signal is sent to two uh light bulbs . You have infrared Uh I don't have any personal p uh preferences uh so far , except for uh the materials to be used uh light , that they are light . Like you said uh teletext is not not very popular anymore I don't think we should remove the button , But I don't think it should be very it should be one of the big buttons for example . This is a new product and with this new product we want to appeal to younger people , um the younger people were defined under forty . And one thing that should be important is that the corporate l colour and slogan are recognisable , which is apparently black and yellow , With that concept I started thinking , so why not just steal Nokia's idea and just make changeable covers for your I think this is a good idea . I think we should lose the L_C_D_ screen , Y Yes , I think so too . I think it takes up a lot of a lot of power . What we could do , what could be possible , is maybe not an L_C_D_ screen but with a preview , For example , a little T_V_ guide . I'm not sure it's even possible , I have to check that out , I think the p yeah , the beep is a very simple thing to imple implement , just make a button on your T_V_ we should go for that . then uh I'd I'd like to know now if we want the uh universal remote control or not , because that's uh determines everything I'm gonna do . I think it's universal . I think we should go for universal , Speech recognition , I think it's very hard , because we're selling across multiple countries . Besides that , the technology isn't really super yet , but it's just not I don't think the market's ripe for that yet . you should you should look into the in into the materials that are real durable . maybe a little harder plastic If we uh make a remote control with changeable covers , then we can also make uh a cover for every language area . But should the exchangeable covers include the buttons themselves it's not even a bad idea . For example , if your buttons are faded , after I mean if you make a durable remote , they are faded , you can just buy a new cover . Uh we can make something that you can only remove the sleeve . it's just just a one one piece of rubber for example , something I have to look into . you have to come up with a components concept , you should do some trend-watching , I think it should be have less or l very little buttons and maybe a second second level menu for the advanced things . Or maybe just stick 'em under a menu , Is it techni technically possible to uh send a signal to a television and then pops up a menu , because we're working with different types of television , That is true . I don't think so . A double-sided remote control ? I don't think that's useful . but you can't you cannot take into consideration all the different brands of T_V_s . because usually the the menu is the menu button is is usable between different brands . Especially the big ones , the big brands , if you can put some research into that , if it's possible . I think it's possible , I thi I think so too . Maybe it's a little more curves or whatever . And uh with different colours uh . I'll put some on paper and present them next time uh the ideas that I have . we could do some i do some work now on on the design for example . and since you're holding it like this , I suggest you put the channel up channel down and volume Think it's like this . I think that the the buttons should be the channel buttons should be uh on their own . Uh maybe the menu button can go i in the middle . Yeah , in the middle . Perhaps we should also make uh something like a flash on it , if you if it's lost , for people that are deaf . but for example if it's lost in your armchair , we'll not see the flash . We could make a combination that it goes beep and that you that some light lights up . We could do that . uh the power button somewhere over here ? I usually press it on top . Mute . I think it should be at the bottom somewhere . Around uh not uh not at top at the around the volume selection . Shall we uh also look if it's possible to make a rechargeable remote ? I'm not sure y I'm not sure it's if it's expensive , but just take a look at it , to have uh like sort of a maybe a base station that you put on the T_V_ . Could be flat , you could insert your uh remote into it . But I think that will cost a lot . Uh a normal wire would be better . I'm not sure if it costs a lot , And do people actually want that ? To pay extra they want to pay for rechargeable ? we could either make a separate station which just sends a signal to the remote control to either beep or flash to find it , we have to either that or make it integrated with a with a docking station . I think this is a brilliant product . because if they're willing to pay more , we could lose a little profit and maybe attract more customers , Could you post some other essentials of what people want , Where would we want the uh teletext button ? Do we put it somewhere over here ? Or maybe this is something for the next meeting , draw us up some some designs of of possible just keep in mind that the important buttons should be on top and either big , we don't want we want very little buttons , just the buttons you use a lot . because some T_V_s have the uh possibility to adjust brightness , that kind of menus . but that's what we stick under the menu button . Because it needs to be configured in the television under the menu . If it isn't , then we cannot reach it . But I think most modern T_V_s have it in their menu . Uh isn't there a possibility to do research on that , so we know that for sure ? Um they want to pay for an L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition . Oh , we're not going to be able to sell it for twenty-five then , with an L_C_D_ screen . Yeah , just look at the possibilities then , we should do a little thing about design , because it looks boring really to me . Different colours maybe . And the design , it should differ . let's say that people would want an L_C_D_ thing . Let's take take the basic design again , what we oh , crap uh came up with . If you're reading from top to bottom , I think it's better to put it uh at the top . How can you use an L_C_D_ screen ? But nee the function of it . So we have three people saying it should be on top . Do we put the volume control and the channel control here , In the middle . Maybe in a circle for example , like we like in this example . I think the channel button should be in the centre . but we do agree that we keep this at the centre , but if we need two batteries and an L_C_D_ screen , that means a lot of space that we need . But it has to be a little bit heavier . Just to do research into both , w what it costs and what it takes for space . uh let's give this uh a name , and not like some vague serial number that no one understands , like with cars . Yeah , let's think of a name , okay . the the minutes will be on the on the web shortly , If you rule out functions , then uh and that gets known , then people are not gonna buy it . I I'm not sure . 