In this meeting we will discuss our final design . And we will do some evaluation about the , not only the product , but also the project . And then we're going to close the project today as well . And this uh design , detailed design meeting uh we will discuss uh the look-and-feel of the design , the usability interface design , and we will do the product evaluation . We'll have the prototype presentation first . Then we will set up some evaluation cri um criteria . Then we will look at the finance . Uh we will have to see if everything we wanna do is also possible within our budget . Then we will do the project uh evaluation , But first um we will do the this is prototype presentation . this is what me and Richard came up with . The default spot for the on-off button . The Then there's the volume and channel selectors . Simple plus-minus button . Uh we thought of a help button . If you hold it and you press another button , uh the help goes to the L_C_D_ screen . Then there's the zero to one to zero buttons . A button for teletext . A button for the subtitles . And the company logo . So it's rather simple prototype . Um , is this the moment where we ask or can ask questions about the functionality ? Um , when you're in teletext there usually are buttons where you just you just press it and you g go to the next teletext page . Uh , that's just uh the normal uh as th as the normal uh remote controls uh you um came in uh page uh one hundred . Now you can use the normal uh one to zero buttons . But you can also uh use the um button th for uh changing the the channel . S so uh the shifting uh button . Uh for uh yeah shif shifting up in uh on t on t uh teletext , and shifting uh down . So I thought in a few meetings earlier we uh uh tried to keep it uh simple . Uh just a few buttons and large buttons . But uh I think these are altogether quite a quite a few buttons . So I'm wondering if we if we neely really need all of those buttons . I think if you look at most controls , they've got more buttons than this . the on-off button , it's it's a necessity . The volume and channel buttons , you need you obviously need those those . The mute button could be replaced uh by pressing the volume-down button twice . I think the help button really is necessary because there's no other way to know when someone wants to know what a button does . Uh , or you can build in uh when you press uh one button uh uh you can't leave out the number buttons I guess . Uh teletext and subtitles are yeah necessary . So it's rather basic already . Just n normal plain buttons . But they're supposed to be equal sized , round , with a with a little logo on it for the for the volume , the the triangle and stuff . and for the materials we've just chosen for rubber buttons . With a a different colour than the case . I will move on to the finance part , And I can tell you that we're going to have a pretty hard time producing this for twelve and a half Euros . I don't know if I've filled in correctly , so just correct me if you see uh something wrong . I counted two batteries . But maybe we can also use one . Since it rechargeable . That's two Euros off . We need the advanced chip . Here we have the single curves . Uh we can see that the difference between uncurved and the single curved is one Euro . Um , but I think the single curved is good for design , and also for the display to have a prominent place on the remote control . Then we have the case material supplements . It's plastic . It's the cheapest one we need . But then the biggest costs are the buttons . So maybe we really should try to discard some buttons to uh keep our costs low . Let's fir first count the buttons we have now . Uh seventeen . Uh with the help button . I think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long , or pressing down a a number long . Uh , d I assume you'd count the volume and channel thingies for two buttons each , So maybe we can we can even make one button with the volume and the channel in one , by pressing I was thinking , maybe you could just integrate three of those numbers to one button . On the chip you've got still uh four uh four buttons . Also the L_C_ display , I think it's , I think it's too expensive for the display we use . If we leave out the display we can also save money on the chip . but what's the big advantage of our remote then ? Only the docking station , I guess . Which isn't the the docking station isn't even in this c s schematic . it's not even taken into the price . But would it make the remote more usable for elderly people ? Don't you think we can , if we can count this as v as one button , and integrate th uh these buttons in three , maybe it's feasible to just put the price of the remote up a little . but uh we have to stick to the twelve and a half Euros . It is . If you leave out the L_C_ display . And if you use less buttons . Say Or you can take the single chip . But it is possible to make one uh for uh twelve fifty . Or we can leave out the ten buttons and take one scroll wheel for the programme numbers . If you scroll you will see the numbers on the L_C_D_ display . Until you've got the right number , then you push it . That would bring up the price of the scroll-wheel also . Integrated scroll-wheel push-button . Okay but then you you can push uh some other button as well . Yeah . That's right . So if you scroll to a number and then you wait a half second , then it g turns to that channel . And the regular chip is not possible ? If you want to use an L_C_D_ screen you you need an advanced chip , yes . And we can save a Euro by a flat design . or we have to uh skip the subtitle uh button . but I think that's That is a big advantage , can't we integrate the teletext and the subtitles in one button ? But then again that would be d j just pretty much not an option for older people , who don't even know what a scroll-wheel is . I think so . Yeah . With only five buttons on it . And a scroll-wheel . Holding a remote with which they expect to have like ten buttons for the numbers one to zero . And just um If you press the volume button you can control the volume with the scroll-wheel . So we make one for the volume , one for the channel . Plus scroll . we can leave the teletext in if we want . So we can decrease this one to four buttons . what does everybody think about a flat or a single curved design ? I still think we should go for the single curve design . But then again , all these changes are not really okay with me . But since we just have to . I'd rather just go to the board and get us to spend eighteen dollars a a remote . I think if you make a good advertisement uh on television and in the in the guide , you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel . But th um I think we can then keep the single curved one . Just to express our L_C_D_ screen a bit more . I think it was better to have this price list a bit earlier . Before we went on to the to the whole design . Yes . Definitely . This will really require a lot of marketing to get this to sell . 'Cause if older people like familiar forms and familiar stuff . This is not familiar for them . But they know the scroll-buttons from uh old radios . Uh they cal also uh buttons like that for uh changing uh channels . What it costs under twelve and a half Euros ? Uh , yes they are . But we can go on with the project evaluation . I did some literature study study , and analysis of the requirements we set up earlier . Translated it into criteria , Um , is the remote fancy ? The shape , look and feel . Innovative ? What new functions are there ? Uh , easy to use ? Uh , learnability is a very important factor here . Uh , is it functional ? And the cost . The target group . Is the remote really for the group we're making it for ? I have to say this was a little hard , because the minutes of our last meeting were not here . that's because my pen failed to upload his data . Is the design fancy , on a scale of one to seven ? We all go for six ? Um , is the design innovative ? I think so , Seven ? Is the design easy to use ? Mm . Not really . I would say four . Four or five between . Between four or five . Is it functional ? Yes . Do we have too many functions ? No . Think it's uh seven . and do we um take care of the biggest frustrations of the remote control ? Like it getting lost and R_S_I_ influences ? Mm , we haven't thought of that one . Think we do . Are the production costs within the preset limits ? they are now . Does the design fit the group of focus ? I think that's a three . I think with our new radio button , I think it's uh I think it's better . I still I think it's too m too fancy . Too too flashy . I would give it a four . I think I'd go for two . Is the company company recognisable ? Yes it is . we have the logo there . And they wanna put fashion in their products . Uh in the slogan of the company . And we have the removable front cases . I was also supposed to calculate the score , These are seven factors times seven is forty something . Two ? Forty one out of forty nine . That's Around eighty percent . I think that's a pretty nice score . that brings us to the project evaluation . Did we move through the right phases , you think ? Along the process ? Think we should have a should have had the finance thingy a lot earlier . In the design phase . So lack of information about prices . Was there room for creativity ? Not too much . No . It's because of the finance sheet . Yeah . Yeah , there w there was enough room , but the finance uh And I would've liked to go for the younger users also . And just to be able to access internet and get something of your own . Was it clear what everybody had to do uh according to their roles and functions ? Yeah ? Teamwork ? Did it work out ? Working together ? Also , you two of you with the uh last phase ? The tasks are very structured , Were the means sufficient for the tasks uh we had to do ? the smart-board , the d d drawing is just a pain in the ass , but The digital the digital pen is very nice . Failed download . Smart-board was irritating . the sharing of the information was uh was okay ? Pen is here . Uh , network . Have we found new ideas for having this kind of meetings ? Um , yeah any more ideas ? Or questions about the project ? Or about the product ? Because I think then that we get to our last sheet . Considering we are not going to make a docking station . Do we think we gonna get the twelve and a half million ? I think we will . If we gonna export this product . if we're n gonna make a scroll-button anyway it'd be more for the younger people than for the older people . So maybe we should just re-focus . Just put it on the market for everybody . You can you can change markets where by changing the front covers . So you can also try to uh reach the younger people by uh putting fancy covers on on the market . Just as a test . See how it works . I think then it would be way more uh popular with younger people than it is , than would be with older people . Even if it were their covers . I think we still have to fit in one more questionnaire . I think . Five more minutes ? Then we still have some questions . If somebody has some questions they can ask them now . I think I'm going to make our final presentation now . And then I will be back in about ten minutes to show you the final presentation . Summary of the project . Are we supposed to go into our own rooms again ? Uh maybe we have to fill uh another questionnaire . And we can keep our L_C_D_ screen , which can provide extra information . How to use the scroll wheel . How to use the other bu buttons as subtitles . 