I've uh made a presentation uh but uh I'll open it on the Smartboard , so we can all see it . Well this is called the the the kick-off meeting . So uh I'm the Project Manager , And an uh a nice agenda . Uh we'll do the opening and then uh we'll meet each other , I'll I'll show you the the tools we have here , so that we can all use them . We'll discuss about our first ideas about the project , and then uh we'll close the meeting , and then we can uh individually uh do our things and then uh we'll get back here . We have to uh design a new television remote control . Um we want it to be original , so a nice uh a nice new design . Uh trendy , it's also for young people , and we have to just uh make it uh modern . And uh friendly , so size does matter . And uh Well it has to be a have the the right uh the right buttons on the right place , that kin those kind of things . There happen to be uh three stages . functional , conceptual , and d detailed design . Um so every time we we'll do some individual work , get meeting , talk about it , uh and then go into the next phase . We have uh these two Smartboards . Um and the w the r uh the rest uh also works the same so uh when you open a notepad you uh you just get your uh things , This is a uh well a drawing board . you have a these different uh functions on the board . So you have a a nice pen , and it's works just like a bal ball pen . Of course w doesn't work any more . We can uh uh well you can save a file . So if uh we draw we have to save everything . Uh just we can start a new one , and we just go on , and don't throw anything away . Um you can here select a pen , It's a bit uh childish you have to write . It's not as fast as you w you know it , but it does work sometimes . So um we all uh are going to uh draw a nice animal on this board , We going to try it . Alright , your favourite animal ? I'm just uh going to uh well draw a nice uh beast I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your personal uh enjoyment . Ah the first the first meeting is just a bit uh loose , loosen up , a bit uh meeting each other We're kinda losing time , though . It's a hedgehog . and now uh our Industrial Designer can uh draw its uh most favourite animal . It's a rabbit . save it and start a new uh These are very important documents , of course , uh these drawings , uh Yeah well we have to save everything There's also different colours and different uh well pen widths uh the line the the thickness thickness . It's just a bird . you choose a new colour . And a new pen width uh also format . It's a cat . Well then uh the serious uh stuff . We're we want to sell it at twenty five Euros internationally um so um but we dunno what exactly th i it is in dollars , but uh twenty five Euros . Our profit aim is , worldwide , fifty million Euros . So I didn't uh exactly uh calculate how much we have to sell . we want to keep it our costs at twelve and a half Euros so , keep uh that in mind when we uh talk about our uh materials an f and stuff , and uh marketing uh research . Now then we all uh we can uh sit down and discuss uh what do we think about our current remote controls , first about design uh about uh aim in the market etcetera ? Well who has uh some uh remarks about the current uh remote controls ? Well I I didn't have to prepare anything about uh it's not , it's it's not my task to uh talk about uh experience with current remote controls , Well uh just w we're uh four uh if we if we would just have one then I think it's im it's important to uh look at uh the remote controls of our competitors . Get the good points uh try to merge them into one universal remote control . On our corporate site I saw uh a new D_V_D_ player uh we're gonna produce . Maybe it's important to make it compatible with the D_V_D_ player Furthermore it's important to make it uh acceptable for the whole world , for different cultures , maybe , because we want to we want to well fifty million ? No but uh the b the buttons have to uh have to have uh international recognisable buttons and uh and numbers and uh that every culture in uh , yeah , people in every country can recognise . I also think we should not add too many buttons . Modern day uh remotes have too much buttons I think . Y y you don't use uh the half of them that's that's and make the other buttons uh multi-functional or something . Maybe we could make one button to switch between D_V_D_ player and T_V_ so it doesn't uh become too complicated with too much buttons and uh we should make it compatible perhaps with everything we use , we uh we make ? and maybe we do uh we even have uh more than just a D_V_D_ player . And stereo uh s uh audio installations . And I think the people who who will buy our uh remote already have some experience with remotes . because we look at competitors and w if we pick up the good things about that and give it a nice design It has to be different and familiar at the same time . we could use another form or shape or colour , that kind of things . I thought about uh like most uh remote controls uh are uh a long box shaped thing you can make it uh triangle shaped , but that's not uh very recognisable . Well we we could make more more oval or something , and and N we can use uh it as a as a game pad . So one hand has the beer , so the other hand uh but young people want something different Yeah but it's quite important that it fits . one of our aims is that it has to be original and trendy so Well there has been done a lot of researches about remotes uh we have to we can imagine uh so the long box uh shaped thing must be uh , yeah , useful for me personally I have a a lot of remotes uh at home but those ones that have a a round ending and uh well uh just an uh square uh middle I don't like to use them . When it falls over it and I just have and then the button that I use most has to be here . It shouldn't be boxy . I don't agree with the long box uh shape But it does fit in the hand if you hold it like this , and you can make it another shape , No if y if you look at new Phillips uh D_V_D_ with their uh remotes pl players they they are the new remotes aren't box shaped . No that's ol old fashioned . Well most of of them are are somewhat thicker at the end , and get um yeah thinner towards the uh the other end . uh but then with some uh round uh round forms in it to fit your hand , A it h it has it it has a that's tha th th shape that it fits your hand . It shouldn't be too boxy , you know . but no no I don't mean an entire box like completely square but a also with round edges of course , but in in in at the end it's still this long box shape with convenient uh round uh shapes uh to fit . A big recognisable button on top or something . The buttons should uh also be not too small , not too big , of course , and uh n uh uh not too close uh together . But it should be possible to to um make it ap apparent that there are two functions for every button . Yeah of course uh to uh to uh to have icons to explain the different functions . and maybe we should use colours . Yeah maybe we can um just like on cell phones those um well you can you can put on on them , and so you can customise your uh your own remote with different colours or or special paint jobs That's kinda trendy . Sound nice . Yes . I think we have to talk also about uh the the materials for um so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera . Well it's just uh about our first ideas now I think it's uh it's important to uh notate all the the decisions that we make , You'll get specific instructions when you're back in your room so uh it's uh logical uh . I think . So we'll just get a notice that the the meeting is uh over . Yeah now we can still talk about the material , I w wrote down uh that the case should be plastic of course , hard plastic , the buttons should be uh rubbery I think uh . Yeah it shouldn't be too heavy . Well I have had remotes that um they had uh the function of the buttons was about uh uh a layer over the buttons It it's a we we make an a universal remote so it ha has to work with uh all kinds of brands and things . infrared beams an infrared beam I think . Is there an a universal uh universal way of um transmitting from the remote to the television The user presses a button and with an infrared beam it signals the television set accordingly , Are we going w uh with the front uh fronts uh idea ? Well I think uh w we can look into that in the in the next uh thirty minutes . and you can always use a front front on it , you know ? You can use it just plain but you can To make it more trendy . And we should uh dispatch those kind of fronts fronts a a around the world so uh Well you can make profit with them , and it's a way to make them trendy . Well but th but the standard front will be uh just grey or something Yeah well it has to it h it has to fit the the te television and D_V_D_ set we are going to sell , so if they are uh black and black black and silver we'll make them black and silver so But people of often don't like bright colours or something . We have to make it grey or s or black . But that's uh marketing uh research you can uh you can ask uh . Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh I don't know what your specific instructions will be , but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the uh remote . And you will look into the technical design and um form , I think . Finish meeting now . Well uh we're going to back uh back into our rooms so Next meeting is in In thirty minutes , 