First I will introduce myself . I'm Bart , My name's Frank . let's start off um with a little presentation . Uh Now first I'll tell you a little bit about the setting . You can see there are a few cameras here . They'll record uh our actions and you'll have wires and microphones that will record your voice . is there a project documents folder ? There are some notes in it already I see , some documents . I don't know if you've noticed , but uh we're working for Real Reaction . We put fashion in electronics , uh we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself . This is our agenda . Uh we have our opening acquaintance , tool training , project plan description closing . then Maybe you can take the minutes once in a while . but just uh if you hear something uh you can write down , just write it down . Um have you all seen the corporate website already ? Have you seen any flaws in it ? I think I found one . But um on the corporate information side there's a th uh there was Real Remote instead of Real Reaction . Uh our project aim is as you can see a new remote control . It has to be original , trendy , and user friendly . Uh project method um is uh there are three phases we are going through . First is functional des uh design , individual work , meetings . After the functional design , then the conceptual design and the detailed design . The Industrial Designer is going to work on the working design , uh components design and a bit of the look and feel design . Uh the User Interface Designer is going to do the technical function design , user interface concept and user interface design . And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirement specification , trend watching and project uh product ev evaluation . But that will be all worked out in uh other meetings . As you can see we've got the smart boards here and here in the white board . Um in the white board here there's a little tool bar on this side . Here are some functions . You can save . uh these functions we don't have anything to do with , only undo , you can undo a little uh piece of drawing . A blank new document for each person . Uh select a pen , eraser . Uh then we've got our pen . This pen . It's really funny You can also select the current colour and the line width . and it's easy to uh draw your findings and drawings on there . We've got our shared folder , But all you will found that already because there are a lot of documents in it already , so if you have a document you wanna show , just open it from the folder . Here is a simple tool bar . it's save , print , move back or forward one page . You can switch between the different drawings . And then we're going to try out the white board . We're going to uh draw animal . And uh just sum up a few of its favourite characteristics . Um the only thing we have to uh look after is that we use different colours , and different line width . You can use this pen by holding it like a like a little child . Because if you hold it like this , the sensors will get blocked Another thing is you have to be uh a bit slow . 'Cause if you're going to draw like really fast then um the pen won't hold up . we choose form of current colour uh I think grey is appropriate . Now you'll see my drawing capabilities . you have to do it real slow . I was trying to draw a dolphin , And then you can undo Maybe you have to hold it a bit upside-down . now I'm gonna hand over the pen on the new blank sheet to you . Gonna use a different line width . Maybe it's easier to draw the smaller line width , I think . You have to go really slow when you're writing . Um I'm just gonna draw its uh head , I was gonna draw a cat too , it's pretty skinny cat . everybody knows how to work with the white board now ? Yeah . move along to the project finance . Um as you can see , we um for our remote control , a selling price is uh twenty five Euros . Our selling price . Uh our profit aim is fifty million Euros . Uh we can do it international , so we have to focus on different kind of users , different kind of cultures , and different kind of trends as well . Our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half Euros , just try to remember these points . Selling price twenty five , profit aims fifty million um , but more important is the int international market we're trying to focus on . And production cost uh maximal twelve and a half Euros . that's leads us to our little discussion . does everybody has um experiences with uh remote controls , and I mean not the ordinary mote controls , but also a little bit different ones ? Like you can use for other ? No , me neither . kind of broad T_V_ at home , and a D_V_D_ player , so we got like a lot of remote controls , one for the T_V_ , one for the video recorder , one for the D_V_D_ player . And I think it's it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate them all . I've I've got one at home . And you can uh program I think eight different devices in it , I think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as well . we've we want different functions uh and we can maybe see if we can do something with the infra-red . And it also operates on infra-red , and then you can operate it from the third or th or second floor . so you have to got the little device inside your room , Think it has to be shock proof Sure , yeah . my remote control tends to fall a lot . Waterproof , Um I will put the minutes from this meeting uh in our project folder . Thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it . how much is left in the battery . But they'll also really drag up the production costs , so think we'll have to see about that too . But maybe just a little LED , then I'll put the minutes from this meeting in the project folder , And we can all work uh on our own projects . then I'll meet you in about a half an hour , I think . 