I just show you the m the no mm mm the the the the the the minutes , minute . we're going to talk about the conceptual model . we just talked about it looks . And the functions are volume , channel to choose channels , an on-off , a mute uh button , and a text T_V_ button . That are the functions . I just want to give you uh Mike again , the first uh presentation I received an email uh and uh I searched uh on this d document , recent investigation of the remote control market . It has been done in Italy uh Italy and in uh another country in Europe , Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . So it's very important for us to create something new . Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface . Uh this uh aspect is the most important one . It uh is twice important as the following . The second uh most important aspect is that a remote control should it uh technological innovative . Uh that stands for uh uh new technical uh features . And then uh that uh This is a point of discussion , because we just decided that we don't make use of uh L_C_D_ or uh speech recognition . But we already have the flashing flashing light Uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use . We already discussed that . Uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy . So I took uh that part of the webpage . And it says uh fashion-watchers of uh uh Pari uh France and uh Italy , yeah , uh have detected the following trends . This trends I th uh trend I think it's not um that meaningful for us , maybe . But it's about uh clothes and shoes . But the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy . Spongy , like sponge . So rubber , kind of . Uh soft materials . But maybe th that's al definitely a good idea , because you've you're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground . But I didn't knew uh knew what it means . it's also a stress-ball . Uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control , I think about changeable fronts . Uh maybe a see-through one in a a fruit front . And uh some basic uh colour fronts . Uh maybe an extraordinary shape , like a sponge . just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has . We have to discuss about that . Main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative . how do we do that ? Maybe speech ? We ma must have some kind of gadget . It's very uh difficult to to to do it . Because it's only twelve and a half Euros you have to spend on every remote control . that's the problem . That's the main problem . Maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations . actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost . But maybe it's cheap and it's easy to implement . if we implement uh speech recognition , I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well . Since you have to uh configure speech thing . But a telephone also have a L_C_D_ and and it's about t two hundred Euros . We have to decide on that . I got an email uh And it says uh the chip can be uh simple , regular or advanced . They say uh a display requires an advanced chip . And this is more expensive than all the other chips . And speech recognition ? Yeah , probably too . I I haven't got anything about speech recognition , I had uh to make a sort of a design . I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls . So I did some searching on the internet . This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment . I think we should go more to the iPod and M_P_ three players . Mobile phones . just modern modern but still uh basic . Um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller . 'Cause remote con control , you can see it here , you have to bo reach both out both sides . And here you just have one , few buttons . uh I definitely think we should go like this . And then changeable fonts , It's the most important part , I think . And the home base is something like that , something simple . and then I just ordered the the buttons a bit . Uh basic buttons . On-off , mute . And th maybe two others , I dunno . Text buttons . And then the colour buttons , if we want it on . I don't find it very usable , and then yeah we saw the the pla display , in the the iPod . They can put the basic buttons , one , two , three , four . And uh f above ten . That's on on the display . That th there is no display there . But it's on the place of the display . And I think we should uh light this up much more than that part . So the focus is on these two parts . So you don't see all the buttons you else need . But it sounds very difficult to use . Because um the volume and channel is on the on the the bottom of it . So you can't use your thumb for it . here we have also side scrolls . I dunno if we can use that . Do we want to use for volume . For volume , or a channel . then we can even simplify it more . By just putting the volume on the side . And and just channel buttons here . The channel buttons are often used . And you can't use them now with your thumb , m maybe we cho should put that on top , and buttons we we don't use on , in the bottom . Yeah , just th th th other buttons like text T_V_ . Put that on the button bottom . You mean uh these to the low ? Except from the on-off button . But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three . So maybe we can put that on the bottom . I think it's pretty standard , these rubber buttons on the top . I think it's modern to light this area up , and to light this area up . I think th the the top buttons are okay . They sh Those should be on top . But uh we we can switch those two , my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look . M_P_ three player . if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something , we I don't think we should put it on top then . I think that , if we're gonna put in more technology , that you need to be able to uh switch it open . if you put in uh speech recognition , you need so more uh many more buttons . the component design . I looked at uh some similar devices , and uh my own common knowledge . this was on the web site . If you aim at a young public , you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green , blue , red . So flashy kinda colours . Uh shapes should be curved , so round shapes . Not Nothing square-like . iPod is trendy . And it is well curved square . we shouldn't have too square corners and that kind of thing . And um sports and gaming device style characteristics . we have to put our Real Reaction logo as well on the on the remote control . the colours also . So we have ha to ma make it in black , black , yellow . Maybe the sides in yellow and the the the top in black . because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy , to attract a young public . Maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the on the front . Uh can't we use um different uh fron uh fronts , with all with the the logo on it ? Can we do that ? So Like fronts in in red and yellow and blue Still still transparent . Yeah . But with all with logo on it . Maybe we have to make it from soft material . But anyways uh it should be transparent . Just like a mobile phone , you can make um different fronts on it . Just give five with them , just in a box . Five different but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent . Um the buttons . Normal rubber I think . Like normal ordinary buttons . Soft . It it could be like a Nokia , like plastic . With the hard hard buttons . I think uh rubber really has an odd look . The the the new uh new modern uh remote controls , uh the buttons are part of the uh the style , I think is part of the remote control itself . it don't come out of the on the background . it's it's all on one level . So that should be hard plastic . But maybe you can m make a uh round fluff or soft material . basic remote control from normal plastic , the rounds of it from softer s The normal infrared L_E_D_ I think s sufficient . And back light L_E_D_s . But I think we have to make the case transparent , Uh you can just make them around the buttons uh but I think there are multiple colour LEDs . And in green colour , the back lights Just make it some different colours . Blue , red and green , or something . Um this is the normal circuit board , like a chip board in in a lot of uh things . So we d we just need this and this transistors and resonators . There's all these kind of things . Um they they basically said that that's almost the same on any uh remote controls . Uh the battery contacts , like normal batteries ca you can put in . We still want to have a recharger , don't we ? Re recharger . Base station . uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries . And uh a chip , that's this one . Um for the energy source we can use batteries or a kinetic uh Like with the pulse watch . Or we can also use solar cells . But you mostly use it indoors , It's dark in the room . It's just batteries , and and we can use the home station kind of thing . Um cases , flat , so uncurved . Uh two D_ curved is um like front to the back . And three D_ curved is also in depth . Uh but with three D_ uh curved uh remote controls , we must use rubber buttons . So we can't use the flat buttons . Um these kinda materials can be used . we just make it plastic . The scroll wheels , that's cool . That's for the volume . And uh the L_C_D_ . we need uh the expensive , most expensive chip , if we use an L_C_D_ . I don't think that's an opportunity . then we we use m must use the second most expensive chip . So th so the regular chip . Uh are are we using a a rubber case , Uh I don't think a rubber case looks The trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh . fruit and veg can be just the covers . I can't imagine a soft remote control . Titanium , uh I think it's too expensive . just hard plastic ? Not the sh the square form . you can make it curved or mm round . But just in two D_ , not in depth . more rounded . We have to decide which one we're going to choose from these . What exactly . So the energy uh is the recharger . Just a normal battery . the case is just a plastic one . Yeah th yeah , the chip is the the regular one . And we need a plastic case , with a scroll wheel . Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board . That's for the next one . But you definitely get a specific instruction . But th think about something that's more rounded . Like a very big scroll-wheel . but just not on the top , but uh on the side of it . I think uh you'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it's not wanted . maybe you just have to make it uh That's not scrollable too easy . Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle . It doesn't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . I think uh zapping is the highest priority . Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing . So so if we use that , they will probably have a long learning uh time . we have to care that it r uh looks really new . Because uh we still hold on to the uh ordinary uh uh square uh remote control . 'Cause wha what I see the only difference i i i in fact is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside . but i i it should be round in in shape . If we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo . You have to look at that image of the iPod . Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? Yeah , five . Let's give five . Maybe you can buy separate ones uh buy the product . You buy , you get one . And uh basic . y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger ? you could put it like that , so top down . Do we have to design that w as well ? The docking station ? But th Yeah , that can be very simple . Least . But we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well . But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit . As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all kind of round shapes . but we could do a lot of , lot more curving . I dunno . I dunno if it's handy . I think it will only look more like the old remote controls . we have to make a decision , what kind of form it's gonna have t going to have . I think if w My opinion . If we just uh take the iPod , and the same look . So uh light or just whatever colour , but the same light colours . And uh just with uh together with uh the back-lights b look will look very new . And you have the scroll button inside . Just together with the back-lights you'll get a totally new look . More like the M_P_ three player M_ um P_ M_ P_ three player . No rubber buttons or something . But why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? Doesn't have to be . though that's a trend . If we want to make it . I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square . I d I don't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff . Uh maybe maybe make the the mm the wha what's it called uh scroll wheel . Make it in in yellow or something . Just like the colours of Real Reaction . We just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition . do we s keep that ? But you'd definitely need a advanced chip . And we we have to build in a microphone I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition , Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , Probably we need a uh advanced chip then . But we don't have any f information about the cost . Yeah , uh I have I have some some information about the cost . But just a about the chip . our division has developed a new speech recognition feature , the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit . This is a very small electronic unit , will give a standard answer after it recognise a question . Just You say record , followed by your question sample , and after a few seconds the answer uh sample . it works like uh good morning remote control , and then the remote control says good morning . that's integrated in the chip , but if we use speech recognition , that will be in it as well . it it would be would be a good feature feature . We have to stop it now . 