Detailed design Prototype presentation , well first It's basically what we agreed upon , but just a little bit more specified . Basically in what we discussed , cover and buttons will be made of rubber , yellow colour , black components , We chose a different type of colour for the menu . A bit darker yellow And it I guess it's more easier to just paint it on the rubber So we have it's a bit round shaped , We chose the buttons to be uh teletext , okay button , favourite channel and the mute . We have battery power , we have advanced chips and the sam the sensor . The sample sensor and uh for speak recognition anyway . we have sin one curve , a design . Rubber design . And we had a special colour . Suppose yellow is a special colour . You have pushbuttons and an L_C_D_ display . You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost , think I had the best solution that I came up with is just to s take out the speech recognition . Uh we don't really have a extra function with the speech sample , Because the L_C_D_ has more support on customer side . so I had to take out the special colour I suppose . and if you want it if you want the custom design , then you can buy the separate covers . So can't we just basically extend it to thirteen ? uh the project is a no-go if we go over twelve and a half , we could take out the curve . I think the colour is more important than the really the curve , but the example is because we do offer the um the possibility of adding your own custom covers . Can we then not also uh change the material ? We take plastic for the basic cover something that's stuck into my mind is that something that really came forward from the marketing research is that people like the the the the squishy feeling of the spongy feeling of the We can put those to the to the other covers . Rubber would increase durability so why why uh do we have to keep us uh uh um on the twelve and a half ? and we got our our orders from the pro from the boss of our company But we can take a risk . that's not our decision to take . I think it's the best solution to make those cu custom covers for the design aspect and keep the functionality between of within the th the boundaries of the your f uh your budget . but the one that g has given us the order to design this . and then tell them okay , we had to drop this and that , just that you know . It is an still an option , but not for this price . yeah , it's true . So that's what we gotta go with . just to get it through final , I say lose the curve . Oh that's true , Which would , yeah , turn it into something far more ordinary . I second that . So we keep the curve . And I'm in favour of keeping the rubber , we're final on that . because it has more more advantages than the colour yellow has . we could just discuss how the project went . I think it was too bad we didn't have the financial info the last time . Me too , I felt a bit blind throughout the project , because it's good . I mean it's got everything for the for the reasonable price , let's eval evaluate uh the product of us , our design . I uh will pre present uh some statements and we will decided together wha what if it's true or false So so the buttons , the look and feel . One and a half . And the next one uh yeah , when it's lost uh you can find it . so I think it that's that deserves a one . Definitely . And the next one . Manual . I think the L_C_D_ display could be a little bit more difficult then a normal remote control , it it is pretty straight-forward . What are we uh displaying on the L_C_D_ screen ? Things like brightness and uh those kind of things we've put in the menu , I thought that people wanted previews on their I don't think it's possible really . uh with configuring your remote control for favourite your favourite channel for example , how do you configure that . So that could be done by L_C_D_ display . A three . I mean the shape is trendy . The the sh the the functions are trendy . It's just the colours that are not supporting the basic model . Maybe we should go with a two then , Overall score . Two and two thirds . mostly it's it's influenced by the fact that we didn't have enough resources to implement speech recognition . 'Cause yeah , that gives you a seven , I do admit that we d did miss a little or didn't sp didn't talk talk enough about the possibility of the L_C_D_ display . We could have used it more efficiently , like I said , changing channels , everything hidden in your L_C_D_ display , so you just need the navigation buttons to do everything . For example , I thou I thought we were pretty creative in what we created . I think we did pretty well as team-work though . Because , yeah was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime , There was just too little information about what things actually cost and if you could use them . I think a SMARTboard SMARTboard is pretty cool . I think uh s especially for design issues , it's very easy just to give your give your thoughts a little it's easier to share them . Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher , The digital pen was definitely better to draw my ideas and to further elaborate on that . The one thing we missed though , we don't have a product name . And it's especially on the triple R_ that's important . The Real Reaction Remote . Triple R_ it is . have to write my report now , I guess . Could you guys draw me a picture of the final design to put on the cover of the report ? Yeah , sure . What do we scrap . Yeah . I would say I would agree with you on the colour , So I might make this a two instead of a one , I guess . You can use the L_C_D_ in a good way . So we cannot work on more than one page at same time . That's not possible . 