Welcome at the functional design meeting , again presented by Maarten . Uh , we've got three presentations . And I'm gonna show you some of the new projects requirements that were sent to me . 'Kay , we're going to um uh talk about working design . It's an electrical circuit which compose uh messages in the form of uh uh infrared signals to control the television . Uh , diodes , uh bat batteries and uh uh LED lights , they're needed and they're uh everywhere available . Uh , the circuit board , it's the most um important uh um part of the remote control . Well , the technical functions . and I think they're we have to focus uh on uh the uh one hand the expert view or the novice user . w if you want try a a a huge market , if you want to reach a huge market , uh like elderly people and we have to choose for novice user . Uh well , there are l at least uh basic functions , uh like just th the channels uh one till nine , uh on and off switch , which must be clear with a red button or something like that . Um , most standard uh have volume , of course , and a mute function , and , of course , the next and previous channel . and I don't know if there uh are any um uh if you put more functions , more buttons , maybe it's com becoming less trendy or something like that . Uh , I th I thought the the with less buttons you can make a more trendier uh Alright , I've done some research for functional requirements . there were hundred uh uh w h one hundred people , uh how do you say uh , f watched using remote controls in the usability lab and they also uh filled out a questionnaire uh with a few questions . three out of four people claim m uh to find remote controls ugly . So if we make a trendy design , we sure have seventy fi seventy five percent of the market , which you can reach . Um , three out of four users uh zaps a lot , as I uh quoted here from the uh results . Furthermore , fifty percent says uh they only use ten percent of the buttons on a remote control . Fifty percent also claims uh to have lost a remote control very often in the room . Um , all the settings , about audio settings , video settings and channel settings , which are not very often used , we could group them uh on one button and make them accessible uh in one menu button or whatever , And a trendy look , well uh , although seventy percent of the market is uh consists of elderly people uh who don't really care for trendy looks or whatever , I guess it can do no harm to make it trendy for the other thirty percent . Well , then we I'm gonna show you some of the new project requirements Well , they say tele teletext becomes outdated since the popularity of the internet . Well , I think that may be so , but well , we can't just leave the teletext button off . So the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button , you know , like on and off , The remote control should only be used for television . Otherwise , the project becomes more complex , which endangers the time t t ma uh the time to market . New products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty . It's a very small market which we will approach then if we uh want to reach customers younger than forty . Yeah , but it is it's is a dif it's a fact that the th th that bigger market you're talking about , we already cover that . So maybe we can make a remote control that's primarily interesting for the younger group , but isn't that bad for an older person either . Our product's corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design . That means we can uh well d yeah , discuss on the remote control functions . Yeah , we we're looking for a really simple remote control with only basic T_V_ functions . I know that the younger people will most likely have a D_V_D_ player they want to , No , yeah , th th the user requirements of the the The new project requirements told us not to But just the basic functions . Maybe like rewind and wind , No , new requirements say no . Maybe if we just leave the D_V_D_ functional m uh Yeah , we we'll make w this one trendy . I think stop function is very useful . Yeah , yeah , but maybe you s yeah yeah , maybe y you do , but I've never heard of it in the first place . And I think we should just put one teletext button on it . I think the plus and the minus button should be uh quite present , No , okay , but we don't have to uh , when we don't want to uh control other devices , I think it makes it even more simple . uh uh the batteries maybe . If you use large batteries or small batter batteries . I think double A_ . But i in a way we have to be uh uh special . Do you uh have you have you think about tha thought about that ? How we can what the extra touch can be . Maybe it should be a remote control when you you clap you hands it makes some noise or some gadget kind of thing . Or maybe it w should have a big uh light that can flash or something on it , so maybe with with bouncing pads so that you can just throw it on the floor or something . So big buttons , flashy design , and maybe some kind of gadget kind of thing . a swapable front or whatever . Yeah , or just different colours would be uh I don't know if people also wanna spend more money on fronts for their uh remote control . I in in the base we could like make uh a button , and if you push it , the remote control itself s makes noise . Yeah , you have to put it on its So it's like a vase or uh something you put on a table . If you do that , but I don't know if that's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half Euros . And then also you don't even need batteries , because you can make it uh chargeable . but when you you can imagine that when you spend twenty five Euros on a remote control and it's a basic remote control , then the then the money there must be money to spend on that kind of st you know , rechargeable units . Well , maybe yeah , you could when that's when it's too costly , you could probably skip the recharger , I mean , it looks trendy and still still put a bleep function in it , On the other hand , if you don't do it , we can also make a nice bay . well , we will see what's possible concerning the the costs , and if it's possible we'll do that . And and what people just think about , well , I'll never have to buy any r batteries again , so y b because it's very annoying when your battery is empty . We have lunch break , and then we have thirty minutes of individual work . I had some problems with uh the digitising the the first minutes , the the s the next minutes won't be a problem , but I'll try to make sure the first one will be in the folder too , Has anyone got um a little bit detailed ideas about the shape ? Maybe like this pen . It has to feel nice in your hand . you should like make Alessi or something design it . Yeah , but twelve and a half Euros ? Uh I think it uh has to be a r it has to have round forms or something . Something like that is very ergonomic . And on th and then uh s a base unit underneath it . It's also round . Maybe uh , I don't know , some some lights , a big but well . Maybe lights also around the volume and the p the plus minus programme buttons . but I also meant the the blinking li w you know , the ones that also blink when you try to uh uh locate your remote . I think we're we're done . maybe put something on top of it or , you know , like that's looks funny . I think I think that'll be too big tha too big then . 