welcome everyone to our next meeting . but um I've prepared a little presentation once again um or at least an agenda I think uh the biggest part of the presentation will be uh on your side . Um we are here at the conceptual design meeting , which is hereby opened . Um today we once again have uh three presentations , if I'm right , and after that we will take a decision on the remote control concepts . Um once again I will try to uh write some minutes I'd say let's start with the first presentation . Um in the same order as last time ? Components design , first of all I've uh d subtracted some of the components that is that are used uh are w w um you know from what uh the remote control's formed . Uh first of all , the case , the case , the surrounding of the of the the remote control . the case was is made from rubber , I suppose . because when you use a remote control a lot of people uh will uh will uh drop their remote control the uh titanium was also an option . But uh it's a very expensive material . Uh rubber is , I think , uh the best suitable uh material uh to use uh for our uh Um it's poss it's also possible to uh create fancy colours with rubber . Uh titanium uh you have to paint it Um I h I had an idea single covered uh curved , sorry , single curved . it's t two dimensional . I think it's uh it's best to draw I thought of an idea like this . So it also looks nice when it's on your table . uh it doesn't lay flat down on the table , but it's c it's stands . Um the graphical user interface and the buttons , uh we also thought about that already . Uh I thought about uh the L_C_D_ touch screen , And um it should be made of strong plastic and it should be bright . uh this should uh be uh our uh button component . Uh the batteries , uh we also thought about that already , uh will be chargeable with uh uh an option for a mount station And they should be long lasting , not uh not be empty uh in about uh two minutes or uh thirty minutes or forty minutes of use . Uh there was an option to use s a rather simple chip but I think uh because uh of our uh highly uh requiring uh requirements , there should be an advanced chip in it with uh also the ability to uh facilitate speaker speech recognition there should be some more uh investigation on that side . I also overheard in the last meeting that there shou we should use uh our own business colours . I think they are rather boring for um for use with rubber . but I don't think you have to make the entire thing in the corporate colour . We could make a little R_ and R_ on the top of the machine . I suggest , because just the availability with rubber to make fantastic colours uh and also in a lot of possible colours , so it's possible to make very uh fancy uh remote controls but i if you drop it it's not uh broken uh right away s instead of using uh plastic , hard plastic or uh titanium . Uh s as I said uh before rubber is uh is impossible to damage severely I thought a little bit about the interface . Uh how it should look . And uh uh we uh determined that will not be no buttons , but only an L_C_D_ screen , Uh first there are some new findings and new technology for speech recognition . And this is that uh um uh uh you you ask you give a question through through the device and it answers you . And they already uh put this in an in a coffee maker . This uh and there's an easy way to uh program that Um perhaps it's useful , perhaps for because people um lose the remote , they can yell uh remote where are you and calls or something . And then I have to go out of the presentation because I tried to make some kind of a a idea of how it should look like And perhaps we could uh implement that . I tried to uh the L_C_D_ screen I tried to sort of to draw . I thought uh at least uh the icon for the volume . and then the buttons above and uh below the and the and the mute button also recognisable as an icon . I think it's not really on scale and and so forth . Um an options button . It's uh options is the settings of the remote and of the T_V_ and that kind of uh thing . Perhaps we could be more curvy the remote perhaps should , so that it's better in your hand or something uh . But uh and and uh a microph microphone for the speech uh recognition if we want to implement that . Uh and then uh if you press the op options button , now we have an example of and then you should get the other options with what what you could do And uh it's also uh I thought think we discussed uh earlier that uh older people don't really want to use uh these extra settings . And you could put in a an a really s little scrolling device on the side of your uh remote , so you could scroll scroll uh across these uh things . I'm going to tell you something about a trend watching . The trends from the past years , what the people like , what the youngsters like , what the elderly people liked about shapes , colours , material and stuff . The most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look look fancy . The second important thing that w should be if inv in innov innovative , like the L_C_D_ screen that's quite innovative And the third thing is it should be easy to use . I think with only one menu , four button , channel , volume , it should also be enough for easy to use . The personal preferences for the young people , they liked fruity colours like uh banana yellow , uh strawberry red and stuff . The round shapes , and soft material m materials like the rubber . It should be soft uh i it should feeling spongy or s Sponge Bob like things . Elderly people like au colours which y are being seen in autumn like um woods um dark brown , red , deep reds and stuff . They liked square shapes with round edges . And hard materials like wood , um titanium . And then I th I I personally thought the front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like like It's it's a bit like a banana . And for the elderly people just plain old . We should decide whether it's going to be with round shapes . Because we decided to have two kind of remotes , two designs , or was it two colours ? I think like my colleague , you said , is that's e better , or for the elderly people something like like the iPod or something , with round squares . You could you could uh change the colours , that was also the idea . I guess changing colours will be easier than changing uh Changing just the shape of the uh remote control ? Perhaps you could find something in the middle . round corners , but s but square , yeah . But maybe then both groups won't buy it . and the L_C_D_ screen was uh rather small . Um . w I think that L_C_D_ screen should be like but I think it should be larger . Yeah , three quarters . Larger I think . Looks a bit like a Game Boy now . So it's a bit square , but it's also a bit uh round . Uh Look something like that . Autumn colours like red , brown . So maybe we could give it like wooden loo look look or something in that colour . between the young people ? Fresh , exciting . And the old people , old and boring . like I said , young people like more soft materials and spongy ones So we have to decide if we're going to use real hard rubber , or soft rubber . Or something something between that . Soft rubber . like like like a a eraser or something . That's the bit you can press it in , Yeah it's quite hard but you can press it in . So we should first decide about shape , I think . but if yo if you make the the L_C_D_ screen as large as the remote control itself , uh you'll you'll always get some You always touch it , because you have how much ? Nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen . Because some fat people with d thick fingers will press three buttons at same time . And we won't include a a pen , or something to point , we we want to do it with our fingers , Because if you lose the pen uh if you lose the pen uh you can't use Yeah o yeah , if they think it's handy to use a pen . And maybe we have to add a tissue to remove the grease from all the fingers , huh . but that that can be with plain soft tissue . maybe I should uh should show some points on which we uh should take a decision . So we can discuss these points . those points um energy question mark . are we going to do it with separate docking station Uh chip on print and case . I think energy were batteries The docking station . Maybe it's better to to include rechargeable batteries We already decided that on the previous meeting . which you can recharge through the docking station . if the badg the batteries are dead then you can re you can uh change them . but it should be th I think normal batteries , normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop . Yeah . Um what was with the chip on print ? Chip on print with a with a simple uh a sim not a simple but a but how did this how does that with a L_C_D_ screen ? You still have a print plate . I dunno what w what we have to decide about that . chip on print , I think what they mean uh with the regular rubber buttons that you got , uh it's always clear for the remote control when you press uh a certain button . But when you got a L_C_D_ screen , with no uh with not the buttons are not always on the same place , but the p print plate of L_ L_C_D_ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate , you need some kind of C_P_U_ , I guess . Mm , I don't I dunno I don't think that's Yeah , it's quite a simple L_C_D_ screen . I think they don't need that big of C_P_U_ . but it the the remote control has to know whether you're in a settings menu or just uh you just want to turn up the volume . So it has to have some kind of a calculation unit or C_P_U_ Because we're projecting projecting the buttons on the L_C_D_ screen . we wanted to make it from rubber but but a hard rubber like this ? Or softer rubber And the case , yeah we already discussed the case , Uh hard rubber I think . We have different colours . the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes ? I think it's more round than square . But I think it should be a bit longer , perhaps . I think it meets more the young people than the older people . But that's what we want , . and how about my idea uh of making it um with one single curve ? I thought that was a quite good Uh got a single curved uh rubber you c you can draw it on your paper And load it on the the user the server . there are also some some questions uh about the concepts I think what we should also have on , I just remembered , um a menu to go back through the first uh if if you touch options , you can't go back to this uh right away now . Isn't it better to have the sound and the general buttons horizontal ? If you make the screen vertical it doesn't matter . I think it's it's easier to have it something like Oh a button uh minus here , plus over here . A minus here , plus over here . The other buttons and on here the top . I think I would put a plus and a min uh here . And then the P_ in the mid in the middle We'll leave that to the usability engineering then . But I'm going to look if I've got some examples So not how much n not how often it's used , but W what's what's usual or normal . because I have two televisions at home . One is horizontal , one is vertical , it does it doesn't really matter , I think we have we don't have to decide about that now And the speech uh shall we implement that ? But then you should also find a place You could if you do it like this you could put it in a corner or something . you can make a very sensitive microphone , maybe at the bottom where you can can hel hold it with you hand that there's also a microphone uh But that's not import I think that's not im very important You could p you could put it in a logo of the company . between the round of the R_ . but it doesn't makes it uh any more fancy because you get to see uh just 'cause other remotes don't have that . because a microphone is very small thing , but you can make it look like it's big so as its its really an important function of the remote . we already s discussed that , huh , the the L_C_D_ Interface type . I think it's better to just up what you'd like to do on the screen . If you want to go back you have to back button go back , if you want to choose audio settings you press audio settings and it goes to that s sub-menu . the the young people do like uh scroll uh and I think you can never get through a menu great with a scroll uh I think the scroll's easier if you have a lot of options , you get w when you use uh the settings menu for example to look up some uh uh some channels on your uh on your television , you should scroll scroll down uh on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen . there's our five minutes uh warning . So then it's uh very handy to to scroll down , And I think I would it would make even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side what's the standard colour ? we have different colour . You should you should have a black one because uh I think black is standard . Dark grey , something like this this colour or something . I think it's better to have silver nowadays . Yeah the the silver black are our main colours . Yeah . w what about a yellow thing , it'll be a banana yellow , we have . Green , wood , brown . But if you use uh silver , uh rubber s silver rubber isn't fancy . I would think about colours like uh red , yellow , green , blue , The fruity colours and the autumn colours , like red and brown , dark red and brown . And and do we have to have a normal black one , or uh uh that wraps it up ? I wrote it down here . I wrote it down here what to do um . Everybody knows uh what to do ? The next meeting is once again in thirty minutes . and especially notice that uh the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer are going to work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board , and of course to all four of us uh specific instructions will be emailed by our personal coach . but do we have to stay here , I I'd say just wait uh for email and uh find out . 