. I did get a bit more done than the last time , 'cause I knew that I didn't have time so I just copy and paste everything into the Sometimes I have these pop-ups or these sounds and there's nothing there , and also with I don't know how to use PowerPoint , so it takes me forever to get something done with it . Uh we have again three presentations and then we have to decide on what concepts the mobile phone has to uh f the remote control has to support . So welcome to the marketing presentation once again . Um fashion watch watchers uh have detected the trends for young public , because that's our public . fruit and vegetables will be will be the most important theme for clothing , uh shoes and furniture . And the feel of the material is expected to be spongey . oh yeah well this is the fruit and vegetables looks of fresh bright colours . most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look-and-feel . Instead of the current uh functional look-and-feel . And the second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological uh innovative . I think we pretty much covered that with our screen and um and speech recognition , And the third development um is that the remote control should be easy to use . Well the first aspect uh was twice as important as the second aspect,w which was twice as important as the third aspect . Uh nothing about the buttons but just sponge kind of thing , and and some fruit and colours Just made a quick design . I'm dealing with the components design . I uh used some design examples we had uh from similar products . Uh for example the energy source . we have four types . The basic battery . Uh we have a hand dynamo , Uh the kinetic provision of energy which means if you move the thing , if you shake it . And uh of course solar cells . for the uh a case , there's uh the traditional uncurved flat hard case . Single curved , which means that it has uh curves in one dimension . Or the double curved . but well you know that we will have to go for the double curved 'cause it's daring and different from what we have now . Well we have all kinds of hard uh materials like the the hard plastic , the wood and the titanium . I would definitely go for rubber We have yeah several uh interface designs . Uh we can use a scroll buttons for the menus , but we already kind of decided to go for the f for the pushbuttons , for the the arrow buttons . the advanced chip I think is easiest to implement uh for the production , 'cause they they can print it better . I first uh chose for the battery , 'cause yeah I'm traditional and that's the most obvious , easiest choice to go to . But I really think that we should maybe uh think about the kinetic energy , I can imagine that the kinetic uh type energy source would be more expensive to make . But it is more longlasting , that the people don't have to ever buy batteries again . and especially when the material's rubber . It can be done , I mean , you can't harm it , So double curved is like this , this , this , or No it means curved in two dimensions . So uh w single curved ? Uh let's say would be a b square box , but then with curves on one dimension . One one uh very important thing I was uh yeah thinking about is the speech uh option . I think you can just uh match the speech commands with the functions that are already present . But do uh j do we uh do the speech just for the basic options , for the simple buttons ? For for everything , in the in the last uh meeting we uh we were yeah putting the the simple and the advanced options separated . Pressing the the menu option uh will disable uh all other options on your uh remote control . And only the the L_C_D_ panel will uh light up and then you can only uh change the yeah the options . but this is the the the simple uh layout . Uh display on the upper side with the the menu button and maybe a some sort of cancel button or save button . And uh if there are older people they wanted more uh yeah more uh luxurous so that's an a also an option . So we only , we already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy . Uh the case would be doubly curved . So Rubber material . Advanced chip . Okay . I'm just thinking , this is not my department , but I I'm not sure what this is gonna cost , I didn't get any information about that so Uh do you have a picture of doubly curved case ? This is the the menu I was uh looking uh at . S see this is the the the standard traditional type , where the form uh yeah serves the function , you know . But this m is more appealing to old people and we don't want that . And th that means curved in both dire dire uh dimensions . where your thumbs would be laying in the instrument and it has to be nice to hold . And Th this looks a little bit like like for only for children . So Yeah but that's that's the the problem uh yeah the dilemma actually , 'cause we wanna appeal to the to the young public with fancy with flashy colours , and with a lot of shape . Yeah , and the and the rubber , it it will look cheap always , Okay but the the colours , you you can make it uh make the colours with LEDs uh beneath the the buttons . If you press a button and you can disable the the colour LEDs for for people that don't like it . And this is , this is with the curved that I mean . Well we could make a compromise between that . Uh instead of doubly curved we take a single curved . So to appeal a little more to the all the public . Yeah so we keep it singly c single curved then ? I would go for the double curved . I mean our aim is to make something different right ? And I I'm I'm thinking uh you know uh a drawing palette , where you have the shape for your thumb . but if you if you make it more curved we we can make more and more options for buttons . You can make a trigger button or something like that . and we need something that well that that you can able to use in one hand I think . But from the side you you can have it also in a kind of shape . A little upwards . So that the screen is more So then you have double double curved in some way . How about we do a uh a pop-up screen , like the laptop . If you can uh flip . But I dunno if that's too expensive . Okay so the buttons are on top here , and you flip it over that way . and you can maybe even drop the menu button because maybe if you flip it open it will auto activate amauto uh uh automatically . So okay b but you have t you need some button to flip this open . Well yeah the the idea of it was , is that because you close it , you cover the L_C_D_ screen and it won't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever . We just have to make sure that the closing mechanism won't break . or do we wanna make its shape look like a banana or something ? I think that uh it's a nice design . Yeah so okay we should better choose one sh one shape . So the keywords are primary co colours , spongey ? And ergonomical shape . Yeah . I would give it a female shape I don't know what what colours should the basic print be like ? Like some soft green or something ? Orange or something . and then and then very bright , uh a yellow banana , an orange , uh a green apple , stuff like that , Yeah w we need very primary colours , like bright red , bright yellow . Yeah but the primary colours w we can uh create with the with the LEDs on the on the remote control . If you make it uh just a yeah bl give it a blue colour , then it's just a neutral colour , That doesn't really work . To draw , I guess . So that's that's a dark blue basic colour I guess . Yeah with some some yellow banana So it not not only in in the colours of the LEDs , that we want something to keep it visible at all times , 'cause I remember from one of our first meetings that uh people lose their uh remote controls often . I mean , the the colour of the background of the display ? So just just a a blue blue backlight or something like that . maybe a maybe a white a white backlight ? But don't we wanna make the background the the bright colo colours ? So th the total of the thing is very bright ? But then then again , which colour should the buttons be ? But maybe the buttons , all buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colourblind people . Red and green are actually the b the easiest to discriminate . Even for colourblind . So red buttons are okay ? You better bet better better keep the LED and the button itself in the same colour I guess . what we should do I think is is make kind of a see-through plastic button , with uh one coloured LED behind it . but uh basically you two are going to work on the smartboard . Next thirty minutes to design something so You will do the evaluation . You probably get a mail . Yeah but maybe you can do the evaluation you don't have to evaluate yet but you can make a procedure which to follow . So we're gonna work here ? On this sketchboard ? But we have to do it at this moment , after th this meeting ? Yeah you have uh thirty minutes . 