let's get started . Uh opening acquaintance , tool training , uh how to use the things here . Uh project plan discussion , and yeah then the rest of the meeting . Um we're supposed to develop a new remote control , that's both original , trendy and user-friendly . Um we're work we're working uh from top to bottom . Uh functional design , then we do some in individual work , then we have a meeting to discuss the results , etcetera etcetera . And at the end of the day we should have a prototype drawn up . Uh we have available the smart board and the whiteboard . Um uh we should take some practice . I have some instructions now to do that . you know how to the documents work . Uh this for toolbar . You see it next . Um And we can use this pen to perform . It doesn't always work . and in the format menu you can select colour and line width , etcetera etcetera . Each of you can uh take some practice and you should draw an animal . Uh you should explain Uh with different colours and with different pen widths . And you should explain why you draw that particular animal . Different pen widths , how do you do that ? Uh with the format menu . And use different colours etcetera . It's a giraffe . Yeah . Can you use one blank sheet per drawing ? Or you can press the next button , I in the file option menu . Is this part of our a acquai or introduction to each other ? introduction and get acquainted I'm guessing a turtle . How to select the next or Colours were under format A fox yeah . It's a cat . we have a financial aspect to this project . Um we can sell them at twenty five Euros . Uh the aim is to reach uh uh to sell as much as fifty million Euros . Uh that's quite a big amount of money . And the production cost should be the half of the selling price . now it's time for some discussion . Uh I'm taking notes . Um we each have a specific task , I didn't know if you received the same mail . as I saw in my mail . this industrati Industrial Designer should produce a working design . Uh the User Interface Designer should specify the technical functions . And the Marketing uh Expert should come up with user requirements . Uh did any of you already do some work on this part I started making an overview for myself , um what I had to do , and in every step I have a s specific task to perform or whatever . 'cause we have three design steps And do you have any ideas about the product uh so far ? I started I started with the first phase , I had to focus on the working design , which you said . I basically had two points . Uh according to the coffee uh machine example , I have batteries to supply energy , and we ye use button presses to activate or deactivate certain functions on the T_V_ . I got another point . It uses infrared light to communicate the signal to the T_V_ apparatus or stereo . Uh it's uh some buttons for for the on off function . And for the changing up to the to all the channels and changing the volume . That are the the basic options for a remote control . I mean , you wanna ch ch flip the channel but you might wanna use teletext also . Uh and what did the Marketing Expert do ? from a marketing uh perspective , um well the function des design phase uh consists out of the user requirements . Um what needs and desires are to be fulfilled ? there are a few means to reach that um by by doing research uh to see what existing products are there out in the market . I mean , what functions do they have . Um especially what are their shortcomings ? Are there any new functions uh which can be added to our product ? Um therefore we have to to do some internet search . For example for um well what kind of applications do current remote controls support , and what are f featur features of uh current and future televisions ? Um and we can interview current users and future users . What w what would they like to see uh on a new remote control ? Um especially for future users , uh I'm thinking of early adopters , because they they use new technology first , Um but have you any idea so far as what uh the user requirements are ? No n not specifically . I got some uh requirements it has uh it has to be user-friendly . Uh really easy to use buttons , not not uh very small buttons , but not the the also the big big buttons , It has to be a small unit . you can take it with you uh everywhere in in your house . Uh and a and a good uh zapping range . Uh the distance uh from your television to your uh remote control has to be , uh yeah um yeah , quite a big distance . I don't think I have anything more to add at the moment . I think we can go ahead with what we have . I will summarise the things we discussed and put it in the project folder . Uh the use of the Industrial Designer can work on the working design , etcetera etcetera . And it seems you get more information by email . I'm just a bit wondering what we're gonna do the next uh session ? Do we only have to to do uh phase one , the functional design uh ? After that we are going to the conceptual uh Y you do some individual work , we have meeting , individual work , meeting . And at the end of the day we have a final meeting . I mean , is it gonna be a multimedia control centre ? Do we want to be able to use the video recorder with it ? I think that is the user requirements part . As to what they want . Uh do they want all those functions on that small But but we need good communication about this stuff , So if I don't know what components to put in , it's kind of hard . I I think we have first to start with the basic functions and we can uh expand them . like l li like some like some some remotes who are out there , which I know , there's one button which is very easy to switch between devices . So you can switch to your video and then the same buttons control your video . And another function I'll think of switch to your media centre , but you'll ne need several other buttons for a video player . You need a play and a forw fast forward and a stop function . And you you don't need that for a T_V_ . And and for a t uh teletext you need additional buttons as well , so I kind of need to know what we uh need . and then we can discuss it with the next uh meeting . We could just start with the assumption that's only for T_V_ and video . And um reserve the possibility to add other features . So we have a basic starting point so make sure it's extendible . Yeah . and you can always extend that it it has yeah it has to be user-friendly . Th the least amount of functions possible and uh I'll see you again uh when the computer tells us to . Let's see what we got to do . 