I was a little short on time , Yeah , same here . we have uh forty minutes for this uh for this second meeting , and we have to make uh sure that we going t that we are sure , that we are , that we know what we're going to make uh th what the product is going to like look like . Uh first I have the notes of the last meeting , so I showed uh show them to you . the f the f the points we had last meeting was the um Should be a univ uh universal remote control I just got a email from the from the personal coach and it should be a T_V_ remote control only . it still has to be uh f a r a remote control for kids and elderly . All these points uh we have to look at . The um uh the main uh people of interest of this company are forty plus people . So we have to look at that as well . 'Specially old people , maybe bi bigger buttons or something , I've used a marketing report on uh the site . Uh I think you've uh read it too . Uh and uh f and furthermore I uh surfed the o the other site . I didn't get it uh anyway . I I was the only one who get it . it was uh uh uh um um a report about uh an experiment with uh a lot of users . And uh they had a lot of findings in their report uh with statistical uh uh uh thing uh with statistical uh proof . I um I had three pages with findings and sev a lot of uh a lot of findings . Uh seventy five percent of the users find uh most remote controls ugly . so we have to make a beautiful remote control . Uh eighty percent of users would spend when uh a remote control will l uh look fancy . Older people will uh spend more money uh for uh something uh uh what's good . Because younger people are more critical uh about uh uh where they spend their money money at . Uh seventy five percent uh seventy five percent of the users say they zap a lot . I think uh we we have to make uh good zap buttons . The last point is quite an interesting fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons . And uh maybe our uh fold open system is is a good one , we should have the ten percent on the on the top , Remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room . That's exactly what we said about um maybe a home station for uh for it uh to uh recharge the batteries or something . Uh I thought mo maybe we could make a clap system , so when you clap your hands it will beep or something . Uh you must find it uh quickly . Uh . Maybe just a button on the home station . So remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station . we can uh combine that . Uh it takes too much time to learn how to use a r new remote control . Uh I think we must t uh take a look at this . It's only uh th thirty four of the thirty four percent . But it's uh a tough one . Uh next , remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ . Because if we make a ha whole new product , our own style , we we c uh this is so difficult , uh a difficulty I think . Yeah , but only if they zap a lot , and they watch over five hours T_V_ or something . Uh we mustn't look too much at uh the last point . Uh the last uh experiment uh was about gadgets , like uh speech recognition . We didn't uh think about that already . And uh an L_C_D_ on the remote control . Um uh they finally had a conclusion that younger people um uh under an age of f forty five are uh more interested in new features . but they're more critical . And older people uh want to spend uh more money . we have uh a new uh age of forty plus . But y But you but you already said that the uh company was about uh forty plus uh clients ? so we just can skip the L_C_D_ r on the remote control , I I think we can speak , uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly , because it's not reachable for twenty five Euros . I have my personal uh preference . that's not very good , because I thought about television , D_V_D_ player , stereo and V_C_R_ . But it's already out of the question , this . Um my point is , well , I If we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television , I think it's hard to uh sell it for twenty five Euros . On the market you can now buy for twenty Euros a remote control for everything . so we mi mm we m must made it make it uh very special . I told about the home station . Uh it must be simple , And I I found a motto . And we put the fashion in electronics . The company is about our uh th th their own fashion , their own style . But old people are not looking for that . I think the main thing is the usability , that's where we can uh make it a special product . 'cause there are already , like you said , so many controls out that support lot of stuff . But we have to make sure that we're better usability , So make it just a different colour or different shape , Technical functions design . But um we have elderly people , so we need to keep it simple . Uh the way I want to keep it simple is to use the sen uh standard . So standardised uh methods like uh on all uh remote controls . Not too full , like uh Jens already said , only ten percent is being used . what do you think of only the numbers and the on-off button or But yes uh basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff . the options that we put on there should be easy to use , and 'cause you have more room then , and for elderly people big buttons . Uh an icon on it or text on it , so it's very clear what that buttons does . Um a way to find out uh what people use is maybe just to use uh questionnaires on the internet Of functions I could think of . Uh volume , channels , the the basic according to . Just one two three etcetera . Uh text service options . Um basic on-off . Could I think of favourites ? I always look up the same um pages on text and always have to click the number . But if you could make a new option , that you just have to press one button but then you have to remember what favourite is what channel . So you might as well remember the number . Maybe i maybe it's too complicated , I would find it handy , I think , when you just press one button and you get on six six six . But um how can you remember what uh channel uh connects to what favourite button ? If I use my telephone , I never use those buttons to to to call If I don't do it , maybe old people They don't like new features . Right . play , pause . I dunno if that's usable miss Did I miss any other buttons , basic buttons ? that's the only th the only thing you need . Uh uh the p uh next and previous . Li like a web browser , Six seven eight or five . But uh um there's also a button to uh go to the channel you've been before . Like a web browser back button . but I think it's all too difficult for old people . just use uh when you wanna switch between channels all the time . I think um f Especially for older peo elderly people use standard buttons . Yeah , the ten plus button . Just uh one one pressing , or quickly after each other . w wouldn't it be a problem to uh Because you h have to be fast enough . But I think that's in the T_V_ as well . That's how the uh the T_V_ T_V_ handles it . So you have uh like a five seconds period to press those two buttons . It's the T_V_ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two . So if you have a universal T_V_ controller , you needed one button that has two uh stripes . Most things in modern T_V_s are also on the menu . So you also need a menu button . And then uh navigation uh But we can integrate that with volume and previous and next , I I think you ha really have to divide between functions you often use , like um uh m maybe uh switch channels and uh volume and k that kind of things , and uh the menu button . Because you n almost never use menu button . Maybe it's still still a good idea , I'm not sure . You'll also have to use a mute button I don't know where where you have to put it . now my personal preferences . Uh using the standards , basic Um I think that we should stand out uh unique , being unique with the design . So we have to , I dunno , uh make a different shape than usual . Does it have to be Uh it has to be uh with different colours Maybe we can give it out in different colours . It's like a iMac or something . That's fa That's fancy . That's uh fashion . But it looks cheap as well , because it's a small thing . maybe you can look at uh mobile phones . They they're uh designed very well . You think you can't make a T_V_ controller too small , 'cause then you will always lo always lose it . But uh well , I think that's a good example . the working design . The method I used is uh search the web . Just the web page provided . Um basically what happens is you press a button , uh then a circuit gets closed by pressing the button , uh like a switch . And by closing that certain circuit , the chip knows uh what bu button is pressed . Then the chip produces a pattern . Like a Morse code And and sends that to the uh L_E_D_ . Um and the light emitting diode is uh producing infrared light . And uh transmit that uh to the T_V_ . we we also have to have a LED li LED light on it ? Ain't it just to to indicate that it's transmitting ? Red's l shows up like something's wrong , and green is like it's okay , on most uh uh remote controls it's red . The whole the whole uh remote control becomes uh green if you press the buttons . I I think uh the batteries will be uh a little we have a recharger in it , If we can still make that then It's just to indicate something's on . That it's working . And uh the receptor in the T_V_ senses the pattern . So we have to understand what patterns are used to , you know , to make it universal . So that it can be used with all the T_V_s . We have to really understand what patterns are used , Otherwise it won't work . we have to uh make buttons for that as well , The chip um uh is producing the pattern . So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to , y you know , to An automatically search function for each television , or something . I dunno how it's uh exactly how it works . I I use a universal uh remote control , And you have to put in a number , I have a modern one . And the modern one you you uh you type uh search , And uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off . And then you know , oh it it's the right one . We have to make a a s a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one . That's uh when the circuit is closed , it produces the pattern . But uh ma basically for uh brands of T_V_ these patterns are different . what you have to do is uh get these patterns right . What he's doing when he's configuring this pattern , this chip , uh is trying to switch off the television . And when it's uh switched off , you can push a button as uh it's working now , And then he saves that setting Um the energy source is uh the battery , basically . Um that's connecting to all the components . the subcomponent is uh w I I think it is uh the button pressed . when you press a button , a switch get closed . So the chip knows what button you pressed . And the chip sends out uh the pattern to the infrared bulb . So that's the LED , L_E_D_ . we can make the normal one also a normal light . Not a LED light , but as a normal one . Uh if you if you use the buttons , uh both of them works . Maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push . So you see green if you push that button . Mm I think it's unnecessary power uh you use then . But does it make any difference for the energy you use ? i it it will look different , Is LEDs uh beneath the the buttons ? Yeah , w around the buttons , or in the buttons even . The same as a telephone , or a mobile phone , or what do you mean ? It it only takes a l a little energy and it's not that much . Maybe that's a good idea for old people as well . It's only few LEDs . Only four or something . Four LED . But if we use a battery station , Yeah , that's a good idea , okay . Maybe what Paul said , uh under the on the on the home station , uh a button to uh to call your uh remote control , that it beeps . But you have to make a sound device in it then . maybe it's that that's a little too hard to make . Especially for that kind of money . twenty five Euros , I think we can make it . Production cost is uh t uh twelve and a half . But but we only have to make it for television , and um we must have something special . I think uh you also have uh remote controls with a lot of options . But we lose about ninety percent of those options . Uh . We have to give our customers some extras . the the personal preference , I didn't fill it out . Because I was short on time . Basically what we could do too is uh have a Bluetooth uh integration . We have some new uh project requirements . We have to have a look what they are . Uh teletext has become outdated since the popularity of internet . So a teletext option , maybe we have to skip that one . I'm not sure . I don't think so , and I I think a lot of people use uh teletext , still use . and it's it's on your comp it's on your television . It's only one button . We definitely should use it . Um The remote control should only be used for a television . And um the the forty plus people , I already told you . Oh , this is a problem . Oh sorry about that . The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty . So it should be flashy or just more interesting . that's It changes things . I just I just didn't read it well . That kinda changes the whole situation . then we have to make some nice features . I think uh the thing in the dark is a good way , to make it more like a mobile phone . More modern . L_C_D_ doesn't work for uh twelve and a half Euros I think . And I d I don't don't think it's very usable in a remote control , I I don't y you'll use it often , because you can see on the television wh what channel you I think you you have to make it a bit flashy and and popular . because the Like in the mobile phones , usability is not that good I think . But uh some of you had uh something to read about um uh speech uh recognition . Yeah , I tho I think that's not usable . That's very That's fancy . That's cool . Only the numbers , only numbers . Uh furthermore nothing . But only the numbers , one to twenty or something . Yeah , maybe we have to integrate that as well . If it's possible . I don't think it's very expensive actually . I didn't have information about that . And and and does it have to work only in English , or in Dutch too or that's a problem , Uh only in English . Only in English I think . it's probably my job to figure that out , Does it lie in the centre of the room and can you scream from wherever then th we have to think about that . Maybe maybe it's too hard to uh to realise that . We have short time to to put it on the market , In uh indeed uh the languages are a difficult thing . I don't think it's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition . A uh someone says that uh give me one Coke , and the T_V_ turns uh to one . And then you have to say uh T_V_ channel one , or something . Not just one , Okay , no speech recognition . Do we , do we make uh a light under the under the n under the numbers and everything ? Yeah , I think so . If you press something , it lights up for a few seconds , It lights up when it's dark ? If you push something , it it all lights up . it it mustn't work all the time . It uh uh it have to work only when you use it . if you use one button , it must turn uh on for twenty seconds , and then it must turn off . It's the same as the telephone . Yeah . Different colours , uh maybe use even different fonts . so y you just make it th through You look through it ? Uh when you use teletec teletext , you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one , or to go to the previous one . but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control . Uh teletext options are only four buttons or something . Because you ne almost never use it . but younger people I think um more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext . I use te teletext every day , I think . And I think , uh 'cause um we don't have that many buttons , we just keep it one level then ? We're going to have a lunch lunch break . Um you know what you have to do . Trendwatching . we're finished for t for this time . 