Now uh , I ask you to presentate the prototype . This is it . It's uh it's uh it's yellow . And uh , this is rubber . And and and this too . And the rest is hard plastic . the sides . We had a new idea that that this can uh can be uh uh turned inside . And then it covers the these buttons And then you can still use the the power button and the mute and the the joystick . So , you can still operate uh all the things . Because you don't always use the menu . And the buttons ? Big buttons . And everything is blue , except the power button . yeah , and the mute and the the other button . And the joystick is for the volume and the channels . Very obvious . Up is channel up . Down is channel down . To the right is volume up . To the left is volume down . Okay , so if joystick and L_C_D_ . What's the R_R_ R_R_'s the l the the the the company uh logo . That's on the rub rubber part . So , what they say on the side is put fashion there . So , that's it . That's prototype . Now , the finance . Do we change the the order ? Finance is um first uh Yes . We have to evaluate the product yet . Sorry . Um , we gonna do the evaluation now , together . I have um thinked a few evaluation uh criterias , uh based on um our marketing strategy , on uh the latest trends , on user preferences . Uh , we have a seven point scale from uh true , as well . To false , seven ? And on base of each c uh criteria , we need to um give a rating . Um , well uh we have the Word document Uh , what this just an example . So , this not very important . But um , if I can get a number in here . Um , so uh you have to think of it as uh the remote control is techno technologically innovative . Uh , and then we have to uh agree on the rating together . And in the end , we will c uh count an average of all rating . Yeah , I think it's uh Uh , well technologically using , it's not uh it doesn't contain many new features . Um , I think I will give it a yeah , yeah , yeah , a four . I think the scroll-button is something also uh new . I think technologically I'll give it an seven . So now i I think you uh see it um its statement . And you true or false . Oh , true or false . Oh , uh I'll I'll give it uh a t a two . Two . It's a one . The first item . Um , this product is for all sorts of customers . Well , it's a statement which uh I disagree with , because we uh really aim uh at at young market and I think the way it looked uh c uh totally in yellow , it's not uh really aimed for all customers . That's uh a six . Mm , four . So I think it's four . I mean it still has l large buttons and not m many buttons . Maybe version uh three point O_ uh has other colours . We put the fashion in electronics . Yeah , well do we do this with uh this product ? I think if we do this , as it's uh uh c uh it's really orientates on the design . Um , so I would give it a two . Me too a two , because only the battery is not uh techin uh technologically high standard . Uh , I say uh a five . It's not fashion , it's new . Then make it th three . The next element um is the product looks good . Well personally , I do not prefer a um remote control that's fully in yellow . So , I would give this a five . I give it a one . Well , I say three . Uh uh , the next statement . It has not too much buttons . I I have uh said is not because uh a low number is better . Well , uh if we go to uh this fashion , I We still have caused uh a lot of uh buttons for the numbers . So , I would give this a two . One . Me too . One . It does not get lost easily . Yeah , did we implement uh the sound ? Yes . No , we did not . So , but can it get lost if it's such a thing ? Ah . Yellow . I don't think so . It won't get between uh the pillows uh on the couch . A one ? Yeah , o one . Okay , um well we aimed for the younger market . Uh yeah , did we achieve that . I think with the way it looks and um it is designed , I will give it a two . There's a fancy look-and-feel . That that was uh , yeah , one of the most important things that uh Trendwatch said . Well , let's also give this a two . I gave this a one because of the rubber . Yeah , f very fancy trendy . It's a a bit personal . If it's fancy . So I think s two is better . uh it goes with the latest trends . No , it's new . Innovation . If we looked at the latest trends for the uh younger people , and they ate uh fruit and vegetables , well it has a um a nice colour , uh well compared to food We did not paint any uh fruit and vegetable on it for something like that . We'll go for a three . I go for two because uh the the shapes are still round . But the the colours are um basic , like yellow , red , um blue . Something what also younger people want . Two . So um , come back to the presentation now . So , we find yourself there , and now we have to calculate an average rating . Effort is three , ten and twelve . Thirty , forty , fifty , . Twenty one . So , it's uh two and three nine two and one third . So uh , that's a pretty low rating , I think . So , it's good . So , according to our uh own evaluation uh we did a good job . Next . Finance . So , now uh we have a product . But uh , is it cheap enough ? We have a battery . Cheapest there is . Electronics . Advanced chip . it's the most advanced . We have the simple , regular and advanced . We have the adva advanced . We have double curved . we have half rubber , half plastic . Special colour . Yes , yellow . So , we have the L_C_D_ We have two scroll-wheels ? Or one ? One . And it's not really a s Joystick uh thing . Now , uh button supplement . Special colour . The buttons are regular colour . It's too expensive . Fifteen Euros . So , we have to change something . well uh when we lose one scroll-wheel , it's okay . 'Cause we can't lose the battery . We can't lose the advanced chip . We can't lose the double curve . We have rubber , special colour . Uh , I don't think it's a very special colour . Yellow ? Uh , is it a special colour ? For a remote control , I think it is . If we would have uh uh normal buttons instead of uh the joystick . For up down left right . Um , then we uh lose two Euros . Then we have thirteen Euros . Exactly the special colours . Half a Euro too much . Um just only plastic or only rubber ? One Euro discount . I think we have to keep the L_C_D_ . And if you say it's just a r uh normal colour Normal colour , and the the joystick away , But if you lose the joystick , it's still uh an advanced chip ? Or it's then a regular ? The advanced chip was for the L_C_D_ If we lose the L_C_D_ , then we have an uh regular chip and no L_C_D_ . Then you'll have to m uh see the menu on the television . And then uh we move the the colour . No joystick . Push-buttons . No special colour . And you cannot use the red and green button . So , all the buttons has to have to be the same colour . What's the normal colour ? Very good . Now , uh project eva evaluation . process . Went good . I think uh the creativity uh was good enough . Uh leadership . Yeah , you were the project project manager , and uh had the final vote . Team-work okay . New ideas found . Nope . I I espe I especially uh liked the the means , the the SMARTboard Yeah , I think you have to compare it to if you would have a normal um normal project without laptops uh and without these devices . Well , the laptops if you have them out front of you , you sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation . Um , well uh the draw-board , well you can draw things . But it not really going very convenient . Uh , maybe it will be easier if you have a smaller monitor Um , and uh the project . Yeah , I agree on what was said uh mainly . Uh , yeah but you always have that some people are talking more than others . And maybe is then um the task of the the project manager to also uh ask more to the people uh less talking . I think it was good . Not too many discussions . So , it's good for the speed . So , I think we're ready . Good price . Evaluation ready . 