Uh before I start with the with the meeting I have a few things to tell you about the the setting we're in , uh These are cameras , This thing uh that looks like a pie , are actually all microphones . you must be careful with uh with uh all this . And uh as I can see you uh you have placed your laptops uh exactly on the place where it must be . And that has to do with the camera settings , Welcome at the kick-off meeting . My name is uh Danny Wolfs . uh and uh I think it's very uh good to introduce uh yourself . Uh this is the agenda for today . Uh that will be done uh with a tool training from the he these two uh smart boards . Uh then uh a little bit of acquaintance , acquaintance to uh to to ourselves . Then the project plan . Uh and discussion about that and a little closing at the end . I'm the Project Manager . I'm Juergen Toffs . I'm the User Interface Designer . I'm the Industrial Designer . I'm uh Tim . Um my function is the Marketing Expert . my name's uh . First a little about the project aim . Uh the the the aim is to make a new remote control . Uh maybe you have read uh read the website . Uh there must be a new remote control . Uh first of all uh it must be original , uh and trendy . But at the same time uh user-friendly . Uh there are three stages . There is a functional design . Then the conceptual design . Uh because at the detailed design , how , part two , uh we go uh to dig in uh really about how the the te the technical of If it's uh it's possible technical-wise . Uh each stage is uh uh is broken up in two uh two stages , individual work and a meeting . the tool training . We have two smart boards . This one is for the presentations , the PowerPoint presentations or the Word presentation of whatever you uh you had . Uh and this is uh only for uh drawing . This is called a smart board Um and as you uh may have heard , the documents in the shared folder uh can be uh showed on this screen . Not in y the the My Documents . So if you wanna show something , put it in the shared folder . Uh This uh is very straightforward , with the save , the print , the undo , the blank , the select , the pen . I don't uh gonna explain it all , because I think you know uh how it works . We we may not delete anything . So uh if you have uh drawn something , save it . At uh the white board on the left . Every uh every one of us uh must draw our favourite animal , Uh important is that we use different colours , and uh different pen widths . Widths . Widths . Would you start with drawing your uh favourite animal ? I don't know really how it works . Drawing goes with uh this thing . Do not touch your hand on uh this little uh thingy here . And uh wait uh wait a few seconds . you can guess what it is . it's a cat . You have to draw uh push hard on the pen it is a turtle . Uh Tim , what kinda line width did you have ? Uh the big lines were like nine . It's a dog . So I think you can see it's real uh really a easy programme to use . Not difficult at all . Is it a rabbit ? now we're gonna dig into the to the serious stuff . Uh the selling price for the remote will be uh twenty five Euro , and the production cost uh may not be more than uh twenty and a half Euro . from my point of view , I don't think it's uh gonna be very uh very high tech , high definition , uh ultra modern uh kinda remote , for twelve uh fift uh twelve and a half Euro . Uh the profit we must make with uh the new remote is uh fifty million Euro . Uh I think uh w when the selling price is twenty five , uh uh you got two million , two million remotes . But our marketing range is uh , market range is international . now it's time uh for us to uh going uh to discuss a little uh things . You can think about uh experience with a remote control uh yourself , at home . What you think might be uh a useful uh new feature . what what's the most uh important thing at a remote control ? I think the most important thing of a remote control is that you can switch channels . And my opinion is you should keep it as basic as possible . Uh So not a not a remote control who uh uh which can uh can be used for television and a D_V_D_ and radio I have some uh points from marketing point of view . Um just the standard thing li things like uh intuitive , uh small , fairly cheap . Um I personally think it has to be multi-purpose . And uh by making it multi-purpose , it uh has a new feature , adds a new feature to the market , Um maybe some other technology than infrared . Um think about um sending it over radio waves or bluetooth . And something like an L_C_D_ screen . For what purpose ? It's nice as an added feature feature , that um , when you're on a certain channel , you can see on the L_C_D_ screen uh what programmes are coming up or it must be really uh innovative , technical-wise ? our company is very uh good in making new innovative uh things . So we must focus on things who are really uh really add something to uh to To the current market . Uh at the beginning of such a project , it's it's it's very uh cool to talk about , well , this would be cool , that would be cool . Uh but we must not uh lose uh sight of the the user uh uh friendly uh you uh will have uh individual actions Um the the the Industrial uh Designer has to uh look at the working design . Uh the User Interface Designer has to look at the technical functions . we must first agree on uh what we're going to m going to make . Are we going to use um it it for multiple systems ? We should have some agreement on that before we I I don't think we have to be , we have to agree on that . Uh I figure we could get back to it on the next meeting actually . We can plan further , I think . we uh must uh have a little or kinda uh uh uh Consensus on the , what we're gonna do . Uh a little plan on on what we're going to do . So you don't uh uh come up with the user requirements who don't fit the the the the technical functions at all . if the technical functions have to be designed , I I've gotta know for what kind of machines they will be . we all have a list of uh things that has to b that have to be in it , or how it has to be like . And then in the next meeting we decide we can take it from there . each individually i individually uh must think on what's uh at uh his point of view is the most important . You uh will receive specific specific instructions uh by your personal coach . And I see you in uh thirty minutes . 