So welcome back . first . I want to say I'm the secretary , I wanna hear from you , what you've done . And after that I have some new product requirements . So And after that we have to make decisions , what we will do . We have forty minutes for this meeting . After that we'll have lunch . So first I wanna ask the Industrial Designer to tell what he did . So Where have I put it ? I've save it on my computer , my presentation . But now I don't know where it is . Okay here it is . It's a little difficult what I'm gonna tell you . It's about the working of the remote control . I just had an half an hour j to study it and I don't get it . First uh I will tell you something about the findings , what I discovered about the remote control . Uh then I'll have uh some kind of map , and it's the top of the remote control . The remote control is a very difficult uh thing to uh to explain to just all of you wh who haven't seen a remote control uh inside . Uh there's a lot of uh plastic on it , um because its uh not so expensive . And there are uh a lot of uh wires , uh which um connect the components in it , and there are um switches and things like that . There's a lot of small uh electronics . So it won't be um uh too expensive to build it . Only twelve Euro fifty I think uh we will make it . And here I have the top of the remote control . Uh here's some kind of chip . Uh on top of this , there are uh the numbers . Uh you have all on your remote control . And uh the teletext uh button . And uh here's the battery . And when you push the button , it will uh will be sent to the chip . And the chip will um send it to all kind of sub-components . My preferences ? We shouldn't make it too big . Uh also for the cost , uh we should only put one battery on it . A long-lasting battery . Uh also for the cost , uh use only plastic . Also because of the cost , uh not too much buttons on it . We can also make uh a button uh with a menu uh button . And then um that that you will see it on the T_V_ . And the bleep signal , y uh you told us . Uh but we can also use it uh a bleep like something , when the battery's empty , then there is a bleep . And also the bleep , when what I told you about uh when you lost it , and you push a button , and then you hear bleep bleep , and we will find it . The battery . If we w if we use only just one uh small pen-light , then it will be cheaper than when we use two . when you use two , you can use it two times longer . then we'll have to make the um remote control uh long lasting . Okay and the buttons . When you use it on the television , you've you need the television , wh which can use it . But uh I think this our remote control is for the televisions we uh we sell in our company ? Or is it also for other company uh for other televisions ? I think we have to use it also on other televisions though . Maybe just a menu button to use it on our televisions . They are two different things though . We have to choose one . It has to work on o uh all televisions . Then I think uh the menu button uh will only work on the newer televisions . And I just uh have one more idea . But Uh , to have a trendy remote control , we can also um make something like the Nokia um mobile phones . To change covers . So if you have uh a trendy half with all red , uh yellow and something . And then you can put a red cover on it . Will this will this add to the cost ? Uh then it won't be uh will have just one cover on the uh original one . And then you can buy the covers . but you have to m uh be able to change it . D does it make it more difficult to design ? I think it will be a little more difficult , but not too much . Just like with the Nokia uh mobile phones . Yeah but there are much more Nokia telephones than um these ones . If it won't works then we'll get something else . Then we uh won't g uh go further with it . Yeah but are their profits bigger than their cost ? Uh a p a a cover made in uh in China , it it won't be I guess so expensive I think . Yeah but there are also design cost . Would you change the cover ? I wi I won't . But maybe I think trendy people or like children where you can paint on it , I think that too less people would change it for good profit . So I'm not sure if it will make profit enough to uh But it's uh yeah it's uh original idea . but I don't think we have to do it . Yes well uh uh I shall give a short talk about the the technical function design . Um I thought the the the technical function design was uh to uh for a remote control to to to have some influence on the T_V_ set . And uh well , it all by pushing a button on the remote . Uh I find some uh some interesting quotes on the web . Uh message to the television . And uh and and and well basic uh operations like on and off , and uh switching channels , and uh and maybe uh teletext or something like that . well these are two uh remotes , and that's our uh our dilemma I think . Uh But uh shall we make a basic remote control , uh just uh swapping channels and volume and uh power button and well nothing much more . Um any ideas about that ? Basic or multifunctional ? We'll got back on that later . So uh I didn't know what uh what way we would go . Then it's your turn , the marketing expert . So I'm uh gonna have a presentation about um the market , Uh we did a usability lab-test with a hundred persons . uh what frustrations they had while using remote controls . Uh our users , they disliked the look and feel of current remote controls . Um uh they especially found found them very ugly . And um th they also found them hard to to learn how to use it . Uh well they also zap a lot . And uh fifty percent of the users only use ten percent of the buttons . So a lot of unused buttons . Well uh the most used button is the channel selection . The power , volume and channel selections are very relevant . Uh teletext is uh less relevant but also important . Uh not important they found the audio , uh that's not the volume but uh specific the the pitch , or the left or right . Uh the screen and the brightness . And uh channel settings . Uh th and they also are not used very often . Uh here we can see what the market share is of uh several groups . Then we have a few um graphs about the market . Um as you can see , most users are uh between thirty six and forty five . Um the the the younger group between sixteen and twenty five is not very big . And to come back on the the swapping uh things , uh I don't think uh , I I think the younger will be most interest in it . Um in the we asked them , uh how would you like a s a new feature . If you have an L_C_D_ on the remote control , what would you think of it . Now you can clearly see young users say . I will that would very nice . And older user think uh they will be scared of change I think . And another thing , how would you like to have a speech recognition on it . Young users uh think that's an interesting idea . And old users not . Uh well we uh found out that there are two several markets at which we can aim . Uh the first are the younger , the age between sixteen and forty five . Uh they are highly interested in the features , as you can see uh here . Uh the second group is the older group . Aged between forty six and sixty five . They are less interested in uh new features . But uh they spend their money more easily . Well then I come to my uh personal preferences . Uh yeah the first question is uh also we have to ask is at the which market do we aim at . Uh of course n uh saying we aim at the young group doesn't say that old people won't buy it . What I thought , um even young people say it's hard to use , remote control . So if you make a remote control that is uh very easy to use , that's especially aimed at this group , even uh the young group will also be more interested . But when use it , uh I don't know what's uh good thing of speech recognition . Uh less important functions should be discarded from the remote control . You can find most functions on a T_V_ set . So uh you don't have to have a lot of audio options , or screen options to change the brightness . And such things . One thing I did not say I think , is that a lot of users also said then I would uh buy a good looking uh remote control if there will be one . So the design of our remote control is very important . If we aim for the younger people , um and there will be uh a lot of features like L_C_D_ or the the the speech uh f recognising , uh the cost will be a lot of h uh a lot higher . Uh I think we don't have that in our budget . And I don't uh I don't think twenty five Euros for a remote is really cheap or something . So it's Yeah , it's hard to uh get the younger group . I think uh the L_C_D_ is cheaper than speech recognition . Uh we go back on the decisions later . Now we have a few new product requirements . So I think that can be an d good option . L_C_D_ . First , teletext . We have internet now so we don't need the teletext anymore . So not necessary . Only for the television . So we don't look at the other things like the radio or something . We look at the age group of forty plus . Uh no , younger than forty . Our corporate colour and slogan must be used . So you can see it on our site . Now we have to decide what controls do we need . Yeah maybe we can first have a discussion uh on the the product requirements you just uh said . I uh personally think uh teletext is a good option . It's a new requirement . Yeah but we don't use it . No discussion about it . Well a power button ? Uh the well um I think separate channels . So So so uh zero to nine or something . To move up , move down . Do we make a menu ? Uh yes I think it will be um q quite easy to use , to have uh uh four arrows . Up-down for channel selection , and left-right uh for volume . And if you press the menu button you get into the menu , On the L_C_D_ screen , you mean ? Uh well yeah that depends on if you have uh the menu on the T_V_ . Or you get the menu on the L_C_D_ screen on the remote control . Think it's better to have it on the remote control , But then we come to the costs . But well if you aim at the younger market , um a as they as uh s uh as we seen in the usability uh lab , uh they will buy a nice looking um remote control . So if we have a L_C_D_ sh uh screen , and uh not too many buttons , I think that will incre uh uh even when it's a bit more cost , it will still sell . Is this enough ? Mute . I think that's enough for the next phase . And uh we don't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like ? Or that's for the next phase . Phase two is the conceptual design . And you can find the minutes in the Project Documents folder inclusive the uh buttons . Your individual action , you can find them in the email . 