Um novice users u use this device as uh normal users use uh a c a remote control . And after a while they start to develop uh some skills in the the voice recognition functions , and then they will not use this dial as often . Could could I see the scroll bar as uh as as a sort of shortcut ? And and the case is is rubber ? And the buttons ? Plastic or rubber . Uh yellow with uh grey or black or something like that . Whatever cost uh cost uh the least . M m but maybe you do want a programme button to uh for example activate the voice recognition , or train the voice voice recognition . okay . Okay , yeah , that's right . Or something li like that . al although by pressing the button for I n don't know two , three seconds , you could also say it you'd disable it with a little beep and and Yes . The production costs . Twenty two . And what makes it very expensive is uh for example the solar cell . um then I did the following changes . Twelve Euro forty cents I came up with by leaving out the solar cells , um by not using the voice recognition feature , th this design is not um within our price model . So the button we can use plastic . But I'm afraid it's not complete . And uh maybe not use the special form . And a plastic b just plastic buttons , a plas uh instead of rubber . It becomes a very dull remote control , I know . But it's the board decision . Maybe we should look at an uh focus on another uh uh maybe not not all that fancy , but just way way more easy uh uh um basic but that's not what uh has been asked . Um but uh I agree it's it's not a fancy high-tech uh device . Definitely not , no . because if we evaluate it , we we can also determine if our objectives are good . just give it a two . was it innovative ? we are evaluating this this uh design now . This prototype . I think uh it's a two . Is it easy to use ? so it will be a two point five . Is it easy to find ? we haven't re uh re uh really worked it out , but you c you can you can just say find and he repeats find . but I personally give it a one . The feel of the remote control is spongy . and make this a one point five . The remote control offers enough features . I'll give it uh a one . For for the for this t uh type of market , I think it's a one . I I've I think we've uh succe succeed in in developing a product that's actually quite good , but not for this kind of market , and not for this kind of price . But whether or not our clients are are um willing to pay twenty five Euros for this kind of device is doub is well , is not sure . Maybe even because it doesn't look advanced . it's not it's not very expensive for a remote control that that has this functionality . Um you had an overall rating . Um it's it's about one point five . Something like that . we'll go further on with the the rest of the evaluation . About the project itself , not about the product . The process was good . But w um we weren't aware of the prices of the costs . And and that was the the big deal . We had we had too little information actually . looking at room for creativity , there was w way too the the choice of components was way too narrow . in the first meeting we we already were very creative . Uh leadership . Fantastic . I think we're a good team . the means , the SMARTboard , the digital pen . Did you like 'em ? but SMARTboard was really bad . Uh . The digital pen was okay , although I would like to see um O_C_R_ . But I think it's a great solution for uh for uh a known problem , uh writing down some notes , some some inf uh information , and then um forgetting your notebook somewhere and losing all that information . I only think it's th the the shape of the pen is too big . I missed a feature to easily select uh a slide and uh distribute it to the laptops . The drawing cap capabilities are very limited . And and uh w you were when you're using uh Windows , you're used to a certain interface and certain buttons , uh which you can use for drawing . we need to redesign uh the product . I think we we we all know what the redesign should be . A simple , dull , uh one-coloured box . it's it's it's another approach , Although I think we yeah , but we could still make uh a remote control that ap uh um applies um more to young people uh by giving it another colour already . Is it ? Is it fancy ? I missed it um to be able to contact you in between and uh say uh , hey Roo uh . Um 