welcome back . At the functional design meeting um the plan is uh that uh each one of you , so not me but only you uh will uh present uh the the things you worked on uh the last uh half hour . and will put uh the minutes that I have uh at the end of the session in the shared folder . Also the minutes of the previous session are also in the shared folder now , uh I had an email from the from the management board but there were four points First one is uh they think that uh teletext teletext becomes outdated uh which uh I think are very important . Uh second one is also important Uh the remote control shou should onl only be used for the television , so it uh not gonna it's not gonna be a multi-purpose remote control , Uh second , and I think that's important for the Marketing uh Expert , uh the current uh customers uh are in the age group group of uh forty years and older , but with this uh new remote uh they uh will uh would like to reach uh a group uh younger than uh forty . I think to keep in mind , but not really uh for now is that they uh want the the the slogan and the and the logo uh to uh to be recognised more in the remote . so I think uh not more than ten minutes uh uh per presentation uh each , and please uh use uh all the the the facilities so that you have either SMARTboards , the the Word files , what you uh whatever you want . I The method I used was um giving orders to our usability lab uh to do a questionnaire . Um one hundred respondents were involved and my marketing uh department generated a report with a lot of results . two audiences , Uh the first one , this scale , from sixteen to forty five age . Uh the second one is from sixty four uh forty six to sixty five . Um , as you can see here , the market share for the first audience is about sixty percent um sixty five . Uh second audience audience is uh thirty five percent . uh it seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy uh new technology stuff , like uh an L_C_D_ screen on the remote control , um speech recognition . According to the frequency of use versus importance investigation , um following buttons are most important . Switching channels , um yeah , Um the second , teletext , uh and the third , uh volume controls . But it's strange that the the manage board the management board said that the teletext will be uh outdated by the internet . but uh at the moment uh teletext is Yeah , th the best thing you can get uh on T_V_ , like getting information . they use teletext and not the internet on a remote control . my personal preferences . Um , I think we should aim at the uh audience from sixteen to forty five . Mm , first of all um it's the biggest share , the biggest audience , sixty five percent . Uh second , I think you will get the most revenue from i from it . we have to impro improve the most used functions , as I said here , switching channels , teletext and volume controls . uh people used to uh get lost off the remote controller , so maybe it's an idea for us uh to design ex kind of placeholder uh on side of the , yeah , of the T_V_ that's a cool idea . When you mentioned uh improving functions , what uh what do you mean by that but uh it came out that a lot of buttons weren't even used uh on a remote control . So you can have a remote control full of buttons , a hundreds hundreds of buttons , but if you don't use them , yeah it's so focusing more on the used buttons . but um the most used buttons uh have to be bigger or Could you use perhaps uh one button for multiple functions , like example pressing it in longer makes it switch to an different function for example . Yeah , perhaps . I'll be uh explaining a bit about uh working design about uh the project . what I did was I dissected uh uh current remote controls and um I viewed how how they w looked , uh what kind of components are involved , And uh after that I put up a scheme about how uh these things are organised and I'll show it to you in in a in a few seconds . And I'll explain a bit about uh how it works what I did was uh I I checked uh remote controls and the uh remote controls of today are all infrared , And the thing about that is um the remote controls uh have to act as a T_V_ or uh a stereo or something , and those uh have a transmitter that's also focused on infrared , so if we want to uh build uh mm a remote control uh with Bluetooth for instance then uh the T_V_ should have Bluetooth too in order to communicate , so that would mean extra cost for the user So that's probably why most controls are still infrared . Furthermore they all have uh a a very simple structure , uh 'cause uh well we we should be able to build a relatively cheap uh a cheap uh remote . because uh well my personal opinion is uh is not to do uh Bluetooth or or radio waves , What do you think about uh incorporating Bluetooth or a radio uh receiver uh in the place-holder next to the T_V_ , connected to the T_V_ ? I actually I figured that would be that would be rather nice , but then you'd still have the uh the infrared function . but uh what I did uh think about was when you mentioned about the uh the cup-holder , is why not uh introduce a speech function like where is the remote . If somebody says , where is the remote , then it goes uh beep uh beep beep beep or something , maybe uh maybe something to look into , I dunno uh what the cost that something like that would be . Uh I'll I'll just explain a bit of the components . The energy source would be a battery , simple uh battery I figured that would be best , Uh the energy source is connected to the infrared button , but uh the infrared button uh works only via the chip and the subcomponent to uh the switch when a button is prush pushed in , uh a electric current goes through here , and in uh immediately , a l a bulb lights up uh displaying to the user that something has happened . That's uh that's so the h user won't be um thinking , well uh did the button be pressed , w what happened uh . the signal goes via chip that's translated into uh electric sig uh electronic signals and then it's processed and then it's sent to the infrared bulb my personal preferences here , we have to keep it simple . Not too many uh gadgets and functions , Uh I I think we should stick by with infrared transmitting and uh no receiving . I think we shouldn't be uh spending time on um teletext and st things like that , because when you uh want teletext on uh infrared you'd have to build in a receiver too , I think current T_V_s can even send infrared . but should we spend money or and time on building a receiver into the uh remote control ? 'Cause that would be I mean extra components , extra designs , um larger g uh remote control . So I I my personal opinion is no no no receiver at all . we should uh look into the design and the functionability . Like I said , uh use one button for instance for m multiple functions , just hide the few buttons o of switching it open or something , the usual uh stuff . we shouldn't make a big uh remote control for simple functions , but we we should stick to the basics . I'm going to give a presentation abut some of the technical functions of these design and uh usability functions . Um what's my opinion about what's most important to combine the design , technical possibilities and the user friendliness in one , so if you um going to design a remote that looks good , that shouldn't weigh over the uh if it's possible to make , of course , but also the user friendliness , And another one is um the use um of many functions will will make it more difficult , so use as as little functions as possible or at least don't display them all at once on the same remote . And uh well one of the ideas was maybe uh use touch screen , but s I don't know in how far that is possible , since we are sticking to uh um infrared and and the remote cannot receive anything , but uh we might uh consider that . So just keep it simple , make clear buttons , easy to use . I prefer to use it only for T_V_ and and if possible , uh the buttons should give a dr direct action , not first select you you just said um uh you wanted to to combine more functions in one , and so that's where the difficulties lie . Do we want to use a few options and might not be so or original , or uh multi-purpose as we thought , or do we want to use um many buttons . it's maybe an option uh if you use an L_C_D_ or a touch screen um , that in the middle are the the main keys , just uh in the middle the general functions , like play , uh channel switching , and then uh at the top or at the bottom , some menus like uh settings or that you can drop down . Do we want to use uh a menu display on the T_V_ ? Or um does have to f everything uh be in remotes ? 'Cause if you use a memory display on the T_V_ , you can simply push uh a more menu and then select the options you want to have and press okay . if you use many options in one buttle button , um display the menu on the T_V_ and don't um use combination of t of two buttons at the same time or pressing buttons three times for five seconds , is too complicated for most users . and when you have a particular menu uh at your device , uh it could be that don't correspond to the menu what's actually on T_V_ . you have to keep in mind that not all uh d not our remote won't be able to work on all televisions . but then with something like a touch screen could could make more menu up pop up or something . especially the important buttons , um if you want to switch channel , change your volume , uh use teletext , it uh it has to work at once and more advanced options may be put it s somewhere away on the remote , behind uh a little uh little thing or a touch screen . maybe we should just ease down on the functionality to uh to keep it accessible If the user is pushing a button he should know if the television or n at least remote is reacting and not just that the batteries may be low . I think the idea uh about uh touch screen um is very good . Um , because recently uh I saw news item on T_V_ um about uh new telephones uh for elder people . Um , they have like a touch screen with uh really big pictures on it like uh uh call uh hang-up , because one the one hand uh you make the remote control compatible for elder users just by uh scaling up the pictures or something . Uh make a remote that fits easily in the hands then what's gonna be displayed on the touch screen ? The extra functions . you uh you just see a menu from system functions or teletext functions , and you just choose one , Wouldn't it be better to make just one big touch screen , uh one one small uh touch screen uh applet and uh we have three of those , uh actually just uh menus with sub-menus , with or sub-items , sub-functions . then I'd like to make a proposal . If you make one big touch screen , keep the buttons always available and use the lower part of the touch screen for the rest . So you think it's will be better to have a t kinda total touch screen . that they always um make the same buttons accessible , so use just for special options a part of the touch screen . an elder parents or grandparent picks up the remote from the little child and who's all in the systems functions , you'll have to have the possibility to turn off the T_V_ or to switch the channel without um well using all the menu structures to get back to the primary functions . I had another uh idea about maybe parental control . Um , like building in uh some kind of PIN code uh if children don't don't know the PIN code , they can't switch to uh violent uh channels or Is that possible to use or no ? that actually depends on the television , thing is when you buy a remote , you you set the uh channels , the the channels are different on each te television , th th those things are nice . but I think that's we wel later in the stage . uh because I think uh elderly people may be uh not used to uh a touch screen , so they want the the the normal functions like teletext , volume changing , um uh to be uh , yeah , kinda traditionals uh and uh the the the the other functions , the more difficult functions uh to be uh maybe on the touch screen , but but if you display it on L_C_D_ screen with r r really big numbers You can display actual buttons on the touch screens . but well we have to look at what's our target uh audience . W we are aiming for younger people And th those young people , yeah . Y you saw it in my marketing report , they like the new fancy stuff , A touch screen , like Microsoft al already developed something like that for uh uh multi-media applications . I th I think we can do that too . Um each time I uh I had a sort of uh summary on what you told and uh what you personal think . as you can see uh the minutes from the second meeting , this one , are uh are done . Uh th the the main points in uh this uh uh in this uh meeting is I think uh how uh it's going to look we must keep it simple , but have the opportunity to uh have more options and have them uh hidden or something , the functions , know , like the menus or the the parental control must be all uh by the done by the remote control and not by the television . then there's always , there are always uh possibilities to change the colour and the brightness and the volume and um well maybe we can look out if there's options that the remote um in its memory can see what kinda T_V_ it is , there are universal d um um remotes and they all have a functionality for all the T_V_s , And it's not too complex to do it . they uh they all have to be programmed to fit your T_V_ and that that is bit of a tricky job . Uh , with the current remote controls , the universal ones , um you have to press yeah , you have to press a code for T_V_ . In codes , y you you get a b a book with codes . if you look at the um manuals from universal uh remotes , there are maybe um three four hundreds T_V_s at maximum . If you have all of them , all the old and new T_V_s summed up , maybe we can incorporate some kind of uh U_S_B_ or a firewire connection , so that you can uh connect it to the P_C_ But , on the other hand on the other hand , uh if you have a remote and buy a new T_V_ that isn't incorporated in the remote Well then you have to buy a new one , or an update , software update . Or you could well you could s actually look at the place-holder you talked about earlier , then then it's be uh back to the building a receiving uh well uh if it's actually worth it to build it in , it it would be uh bringing more costs uh with with it Um m for which one are we going ? my vote goes out to the right . I was uh doubting about which one to take , but uh you've convinced me that uh if you di display buttons about the same as they would look on a normal um remote all elderly people will know what to do . And also like a clapping uh li like device that uh pops open . Uh after the lunch break uh it's back to uh individual work , once again uh thirty minutes . Uh uh the specifi uh specific instructions for the next uh meeting you will all will receive uh at the uh the the email . Uh I will put my minutes so uh s they're updated in the shared folder too . You all uh have the the questionnaire again about uh the after work . So we have now a lunch break , finally , 