I have a little problems with my laptop . And uh s s s so I had a little less time to complete . Um , it didn't work anymore . The entire Windows uh Welcome to the conceptual design meeting Uh uh , also this time there will be uh three presentations . And we um must uh reach a decision on uh the remote control concepts . Um uh , and at the end , uh I uh , when I finish it off I have some uh input from uh a master class I uh visited . information . I will take notes uh and at the end of the minutes uh will uh be at the shared folder . I'll be talking about the components . Uh , what I did was I reviewed previously used items uh by uh two two uh different uh age groups . Uh below forty five and above . senior citizens uh They , well , they like more the they like the traditional materials , like wood and and such more . And uh uh they like uh straightforward shapes . where whereas the young and dynamic , they like a more uh soft materials . Uh uh , soft and fluffy and colourful and But uh the two basic sources that I found were the best possible were the battery uh versus kinetic . Or you can go for both ? But uh the thing is about solar panel is you have to have l uh light . Uh , and you you could you could use normal light , but uh you wouldn't get the same amount of energy that you would from a battery or something . I I prefer kinetic because it's uh well , the costs aren't that much higher , and um , ju just a bit more high-tech than than a normal battery . But , what l what Jarek said , you could you could use a battery that you'd just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves . Or but but you could go in a in an double curves . And that's like several different dimensions . Yeah , that gives you a younger and uh more high-tech look , I f I figured . Yeah you could y It leaves more space for creativity . I I ch prefer rubber because it feels uh Yeah . Well , we discussed it in a previous meeting , so I figured I'll just leave it at the L_C_D_ . Uh , you use the battery and w charge it up with kinetic . I I uh I would prefer uh both uh too . but if you have a square uh L_C_D_ screen , and you put a case around it that has uh like bulbs or that that covers part of the L_C_D_ screen . That's it's custom customisable and uh so what are the opinions ? Uh rubber or plastic ? I I I prefer rubber . I went to uh Paris and Milan for some trend-watching . In Paris and Milan , we uh asked different people , uh differing in age and in income , uh the amount of money to spend , um what they like in design uh and material nowadays . Our main audience , uh so that's people below forty , uh prefer the following . At first , the colours of fruit . Um , fresh colours , uh green , red , uh strawberry red , uh yellow , banana yellow . Yeah . They like spongy material , Okay , our secondary audience , uh people above forty a forty years in age , they like the dark traditional colours . Yeah , uh materials like wood that They have to look fancy . Um , they should be technological in innovative . Uh , and easy to use . We have to aim at a mu at the main audience . And uh , therefore use fresh colours . Here , think about removable covers , as seen in mobile telephon telephone market . To customise your own remote control . Uh , in my second sheet of personal preferences , uh we have to reconsider the speech function uh recognition . You you can see that the market is just screaming for new technologies , like speak uh speech recognition and stuff . Uh , building games like Snake or Tetris to amuse the younger users . And third , I stick with it , the log-in functionality uh with the slogan , take parental control to a new dimension . But , the main concept is um take one big touch screen . Um , always display the primary buttons clear and visible . And uh make the menu structure changeable . One thing you've gotta keep in mind , keep the remote clear of too much functions at the same time . And um , things like teletext , put them in the menu . But um , well m my preference would to be put it in the menu structure . I think we can discuss a little about the the three uh kind of revolutionary things uh Tim uh came with . I think that parental control is a good function to uh to put in the remote . How I see it is you put it on the the remote and then you have like a Windows log-on screen with parents , children . You don't want to to go down and watch the news at eight o'clock and turn it on and wait twenty seconds for for uh the log-on screen and then remember your code and all kinds of settings . You c may use like when there's uh X_P_ , uh a simple log-on , d you just push uh one or two or three . I don't know if it's worth uh the time and effort we are going to spend on it . Well I think that's a b there's a big market for it , Just make through a remote as it is , but make an option to insert profiles , I i i if we in incorporate uh the parental control , uh let's say we do , and and well whatever , cho uh child just goes up to the T_V_ and presses up for instance . What m what may be better is to incorporate an uh a separate device that uh that you can program with the remote control . Okay . And what do you uh guys think of the games in the voice recognition ? But I don't think when you're watching T_V_ uh , hearing loud noises from the T_V_ , someone screaming one , and you f the channel switches , uh Yeah . Yeah , like f voice recognition is too much , I think . But Okay . So the games uh are in it . The voice recognition are not . And the parental control are Well , I think also it's a good idea , buts very difficult to incorporate . The buttons will be uh touch-screen . Uh but there may not be too many buttons . The case will be double-curved and uh rubber , in a fr flashy fruity colour uh that with cover is removable . Okay . So uh I think we have decided on the things that Uh from Janus , the energy , the combination between battery and kinetic . Like the first idea uh from uh You can buy it without and uh with parental contr control ? Or are we going to put it in and uh just uh I I figure if you had two different remotes , you could bo choose one with uh well uh uh a receiver in it . Well , maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs , where the parent says , you cannot watch channel seven , nine , and ten , and you cannot watch all channels after ten o'clock . But you still have the problem about uh the television itself . You could just blame it on television and uh make it their problem . The parental control will be incorporated , but it must be not too complex . Maybe it's uh handy to build in an expert view and a simple view . What I was thinking about is just a menu structure , when you don't use it is simple . We take it to the other meeting , I went to uh a master class and uh uh two things uh are uh are uh can come in handy uh for us . First thing uh is uh we talked about knowledge uh management . Knowledge engineering and uh uh the fact that uh that uh that the idea of knowledge , uh sharing and learning knowledge from other companies is uh like that . It's it's uh very hot at the moment , so it's it's mostly for the management expert to to look what other uh What other companies uh had to uh also with the the the the marketing campaign when they put on a newer remote , just some uh Yeah . Import export . I had a I had another idea to put uh uh the whole the whole idea of uh Real Reaction and uh uh uh a single brand and uh uh that kind of thing . When you uh put on remote , you see a kind of a just like when you telephone , you see a little uh animation . And uh with the with the with the motto , we put fashion in electronics . Well , if you if you have the l L_C_D_ screen , you can you can uh have a small logo i uh at the bottom . That spins around like all the time . It it's just like a uh globe in Internet Explorer . N Uh , next meeting starts in thirty minutes . the the industrial uh development uh centre and uh user interface uh will work together on a prototype . And uh will drawing it on the SMARTboard . And um , the marketing expert will uh will uh ke he will be keeping busy with the product uh evaluation . But the most uh specific instructions will be sent to you by email . But I think it was a very uh very good uh session , uh gentlemen . But keep an eye on your uh laptops for a real uh 