Um the top goal of this meeting is to reach a decision on the product , on the target group um and and the functions of the remote control , the new project requirements , but we should not um support teletext in the remote , Um the remote control should only be used for television , Uh the third requirement is that we should focus on customers that are younger than uh forty , then for Roo , as well uh important , the corporate image should be recognisable in our product . the function of remote control is basically to send messages to the television set . Then I found uh two different kind of remote controls , the multi-function uh remote control with many possibilities , but um the lack of the feeling I already mentioned uh in the previous uh discussion . And the ease-of-use remote control with uh the less p possibilities but a great feeling in in touching the buttons . But my in my opinion , the the easy to use R_C_ is uh the best uh possi possibility for us . And the m most easy way to do this is by uh sending pulses of infrared light to a T_V_ set . there's a energy source here . The user interface connected to a chip , which is connected to the sender , which generates messages using uh infrared light , It's almost every piece of equipment um every piece of uh every T_V_ set is controlled infrared . And uh the more luxury uh remote controls have lithium buttons . The glow in the dark uh concept uh we discussed . So maybe we should consider that . personally I think we should infra use infrared , because uh otherwise our device cannot uh communicate with uh almost every T_V_ set . Uh another important point is uh we really should use uh energy uh sparse , friendly components . Um for cost-effectiveness , we should really use a very low-cost uh circuit board , And um the money we save on using this we can use uh for elaborate fancy lighting uh techniques , blinking LEDs and all that kind of fancy stuff . I think it's the same as in the cell phone , just light in in the device that that shines on all the buttons , Yeah , but not for each button one LED , I think . The buttons to zap are used the about uh fifteen hundred times , when uh the power button is only used one time . And the volume button's only four times . So they're obv obviously uh the most important buttons . And uh lots of people complained they kin can't find their remote control . So we might want to build in a feature to uh support them . Some uh audio signal . Like uh home phones . There's no um elaborate technique uh used in this uh kind of equipment . I'm just wondering , the sound signal , from where do you execute th the s sound ? Another device is not a solution . and your T_V_ set starts to make a uh kind of weird sound , But but T_V_s don't have all uh uh buttons . Uh And even if the T_V_ set would have such a button , uh you would have to walk to your T_V_ , Because how can you separate the clapping sound from other sounds . But we can have just uh uh a home stat uh f a base station next to the T_V_ . Just a little antenna or uh something . I don't think people would bother walking to the T_V_ and press that button because they lost the their remote . the most important thing for people is that there's a central point to which they can go and uh b uh perform a a some kind of uh . And then uh the remote control uh reports itself , But that will be very costly , I think . m maybe um w we uh we do agree on on the thing that the remote should have such a function , if it's possible within the costs and all that kind of things . Yeah . Um maybe Sebastian should have uh a detailed look later on and um come up with a solution , And do we even uh prefer the sound above the the LEDs , the lightning uh function ? I I think so , according to Ruud , um people do not use um all the extra features very very often . Just through uh the easy uh design . We can make uh a nice design when when there's not mu uh much buttons in it . we should save costs uh by not implementing a lot of functions do you think the market would would respond to uh a simple if we um include other uh innovative functions uh then they uh might , Maybe it's more important to make the make it look like a very uh friendly , easy to catch piece of equipment , I was more thinking about a more elaborate way of controlling , by by these kinds of sticks or something like that . I don't know if if it's user-friendly . And if you use that stick for volume control and channel uh selection , you have the m two most important functions in one uh button . draw draw it on the board . It's just an easy uh way of of a round button what which can be pushed in four directions . Instead of a stick . just a round uh button should be the trick , I think . uh it's not necessary to to have a full list , but I want um the kind of functions , for example uh th the most important are volume and uh programme selecting . Dual channel watch . I wouldn't buy it personally . A remote control without the ten digits . And and do we want um the ten digits ? But if you're uh a regular T_V_ user , and you just want uh to watch the the Dutch television networks , well , you can uh you can use uh about ten buttons . That's enough . And if we are targeting at the younger audience , they will probably watch more channels than the older people . But I think these uh ten uh buttons look a bit dull . You c you can d make them very fancy so you can experiment by uh with with shape or with size or with colour , that kind of thing . maybe it can be combined with the find the remote control . when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control , uh it's very easy to change uh the channel . That's one thing . but I'm afraid it will be a bit costly . Uh If if we would um drop the ten digits but keep the programme and the volume , So we can expect that there will be a less longer life to the batteries . There are some uh hybrid hybrid devices which incorporate a solar panel and rechargeable batteries . And uh if we if we could inc uh include a c a cradle in which it could recharge , then there wouldn't be uh a big problem . it's very cheap . It's just a a case with two uh metal contacts . although we are focussing on younger people uh to make it uh profitable uh Profitable . We we yeah , we still need to take in account the the bit older people . we've decided to implement a seemingly uh easy design . but uh we can make it easy on the inside or elaborate on the inside . But I think there's a big advantage in making it more elaborate by uh implementing uh speech techniques , uh voice recognition , that these kinds of things . If we just add uh uh a chip which does the voice recognition , uh our circuit board will become even more cheap . then we should just uh take a look at the costs and uh especially for the voice recognition . Um the Interface Designer , um I would like to the next meeting I would like to receive the uh components concept . User Interface Designer , uh Roo , I would like to see the user interface c uh concept . It should be an easy interface with not so much buttons . S just a a p a p a volume and a programme one . And um um yeah , some some fancy lights . So we drop the voice recognition ? We can decide the next meeting . Yep . I'm sure the marketing expert will receive uh t uh you will do some trend watching . if we use the LEDs , i does it use much more energy they're p f uh power friendly LEDs also . Uh no , they're uh they're a little bit more expensive , maybe maybe like clapping in your hands , just a base station next to the T_V_ is the best possibility . But um before I do that I w I want to warn you that uh by implementing this kind of a function the technical design will become more complicated 'cause young people uh like new features . We need to find a balance between uh the advanced techniques and and the user-friendliness . Um I will put the minutes I just made in the project documents folder . 