Hello you all read what we are going to do or not ? We're gonna make a remote control . I just made a a simple uh presentation . that's my name , . Uh we're going to make uh a remote control , are we going to uh this agenda of our meeting . You know , this is about twenty five minutes , this meeting . it has to be original , trendy , user-friendly Uh first we have uh uh three steps of uh making the the remote control . Fir the first thing is th the functional design , We have to look what the needs are , the effects of the functional design , and and how the mm the the remote control works , so that's where we're going to look in the functional design , The the second thing is the conceptual design , that's uh the spe the specifications of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface . And we have to look what uh the market is doing for what kind of uh remote controls are in the market . And the third thing is uh the detailed design it's exactly how it looks and whatever . these are two smartboards , with the uh f uh s an introduction of that one . And you already saw you know all that that you here can put uh things in the the red project uh map . what we're going to do first is um You have to uh draw uh a favourite animal on the whiteboard and we have to uh use a different pen colours and different thickness of the pen . and um and say why it's your favourite animal . first have to show you , maybe you can come here to have a look how it works . Use pen format . and a different colour can use here line width ten . Just draw slowly , because otherwise it won't work . It's a very nice elephant , you can see . It's a bit slow you can see , this is a bit annoying . and then uh what's the colour ? How do I do It's in format . Just make a new blank new blank page . Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back , let's make it um a dog . I make a cat of it . I just draw too quick I think . I thought these pens would be just um uh you write it down and you download it to Word , but you actually got to write on the paper . but I d I I thought it would be just in in in uh typed words in Word , but it's just a picture . Y you can you can't edit in the edit it in Word . it's not that cool as I th thought it would be . Now we just have to save everything , what we know is that we have to sell this uh remote control for about twenty five Euros . And uh we have to make a profit of fifty million Euros , so we have to uh use a big market in Europe . The production cost are about half the price of selling price , can someone make a a calculation about how many we have to sell of these to make fifty million , we're gonna have a little discussion about um what experience are with a remote control the and everything , You have to put it exactly on the on the My laptop is crashing . Uh actually my laptop doesn't work , Okay . I think it works . How does this work ? Press F_ eleven . my first question was does it have to be a a universal remote control ? that's a good question . Because we sell it uh uh uh lonely from the t and not with the television , we sell it uh apart . Yeah , it probably would be universal . I don't think you can buy a a a universal uh remote control for twenty five Euros , I know uh you can buy a re a universal uh control for uh only twenty uh Euros we we just say we just say that's universal remote control . And uh also for the V_C_R_ and uh D_V_D_ player so a lot of buttons on the remote control . what what what's a remote control , it's just a black thing with some buttons on it , we can try to make it special . Um if we uh control the V_C_R_ and the D_V_D_ player player with it uh it has to be clear , And how big should it be ? It shouldn't be too big , but I don't think we can make it too small , We can't make it smaller than the things we see now I think . Or we have to make something uh like uh mobile phones that you can uh fold it opem . maybe more trendy . Fold open , where you can see uh more options . I think something uh on top , just dren general things like volume and T_V_ channels and inside things you don't use that often . O or you could th think of an uh uh a small touch screen on the remote control . Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control ? or um maybe to keep it uh easy and uh small . But it's not t t t too expensive to put a touchscreen on it . And we have to care for uh the strength of the remote control , because uh uh remote controls are most uh things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often uh broken . And if you have a touch screen in it , it's definitely too too fragile uh fragile . You can put games on your remote control . Whatever . And uh how about the batteries ? Uh should you put it in a recharger Ma maybe a home station . but yeah , we have to look at the price now I think . uh how much is your uh standards uh mobile phone recharger ? if you buy it uh separately from your phone it's probably expensive , but I don't know what the project uh projection costs are for such a thing . because maybe it's too expensive . Uh if you th look at the market , it's probably it's still the best way just to put batteries in it , but a home station is uh a really good idea , because uh lots of people are uh lose their remote control and don't know where it is , Maybe uh use it as a separate option . Sell it uh separately . and and you just have normal batteries that you can recharge and just put it in the station , or you can change your batteries , The option , just the option , that's cool . Uh I I set something on paper already , size , looks , uh usable , uh the buttons on usable places , uh the the on off button must be on top , uh it has to lay good in the hand , does it has to b have to be um uh like a different form than a normal remote control uh if if we want to make it special , we probably have to do a lot of testing , if it really works . you can um have uh the basic things on the same place , like on off button on top and the T_V_ channels one two three four as a block , and then the volume uh obviously on t on top , so you can see . But the rest is uh you don't use that often , so if you have a clear button with an good icon on it , it should be clear as well . And what we have to think about too is uh uh buttons that you use often are um maybe uh like when you fold it open , Uh on on top are the the basic options on top , basically when I'm watching T_V_ I'm just using like five buttons or so , maybe it's very hard to to make it fold open and to l look like it's very uh uh Mm . If you if if you make to fold open it's or also an uh the strength uh is not s as good as a normal uh remote control . So maybe we have to to uh keep it like mm a square , just normal remote control . Just think about it . We have to close this uh to finish this uh meeting , We have uh another thirty minutes , so then we're going to meet again . Um for m for me uh the Marketing Expert , the user requirements uh specification , do I need to think as a user , what's in the market , I think this if you you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_ , a D_V_D_ player , all that things . uh what kind of uh buttons do you have . There's already a document in the folder about it . I already wrote some down , some ideas . see you in thirty minutes . 