Do you know how how I can wake it up ? I've lost my screen . Uh Never close your laptop . Well , welcome to the kick-off meeting . Well , this is the agenda for today . examples of the tool training , project plan discussion and the closing . Okay , the project aim is to design a new remote control . Uh , some of the oje objectives are that is has to be original , trendy , and user-friendly . Um , I oh forget I forget the whole acquaintance part , but we we all know each other . Uh we begin with the functional design , then we go to the conceptual design and the detailed design . Every uh level of design consists of some individual work , and we uh close it with a meeting . Okay , first we're gonna um uh gonna try some different things with the tools we have over here , so you get acquainted with these uh um uh meeting tools . This is the presentation boards , wh which one I'm using right now . there's a document folder called um the sh shared document folder . so you can do your PowerPoint presentations on this screen . There is a tool-bar over here . It's like a very simple uh paint application . and uh you can make new sheets by uh by pu puttin pressing on the blank button . and you can change uh the line width and the colour of the pen by pressing on forward , Right , we're gonna try out the electronic white-boards . Uh , every participant should draw his favourite animal and some of its favourite characteristics , Well , I'm gonna draw um a p piranha . Uh , a fish . And uh so in the format menu you can choose the different uh colours and uh pen widths . but the easiest animal I can think is is a bird . and then we are uh through the tool training , I guess . Okay , this is uh something about the project finance . The selling price of our remote control is gonna be twenty five Euros . And our profit aim is fifteen million Euros . The market range is international , so it's gonna be sold world-wide , and the production cost should be a maximum of twelve Euro fifty per remote control . well , we're gonna brainstorm about uh what kind of kemoro romo remote control it's gonna be . I don't th I don't think the four of us got problems with remote controls , but if you see elderly people , all these buttons , and then they buy new T_V_ because their previous one was stolen or whatever . Uh , so I think what we need is is a clear uh remote control with uh grouped buttons , you know . And uh , is it gonna be a remote control that's um what it can be used for different kind of equipment , like your T_V_ and your home stereo ? Well I was I was thinking uh since a T_V_ is uh mostly used together with a V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player or recorder , and not with a stereo , I think it should be good to include functions for V_C_R_s and D_V_D_ players , recorders . I thought it was only for television . So so we probably don't have to have to uh have the functions for D_V_D_ player or V_C_R_ . Yeah , but most television remote controls support other functions as well . Or someth something special , like uh M_P_ three player inside of it , or uh Okay . Maybe with different type of fronts or uh I'm gonna wri uh write some stuff down I'm gonna make some minutes or take some minutes . The the Industrial Designer will w or the working design , of course , The User Interface Designer the technical functions design . And the Management Expert of uh the Marketing Expert . User requirements specifi We'll see each other in uh thirty minutes . 