let's uh talk about the interface uh concept . Uh , first I'll uh I'll uh discuss the buttons we just chose , uh show you some samples , uh uh discuss some colours and design maybe , already . And uh my personal preferences . Well we chose the power button to switch the television on and off . the mute button to switch the volume on and o on and off . The channels buttons , one to nine , zero to nine , and the uh button to choose uh higher channels than nine . Uh the volume and channel quadrants , uh left and right , up and down arrows , to uh do the volume and channel . And the menu menu button to man manipulate the L_C_D_ uh display . Um , I found some uh interesting uh uh samples . Examples . Um , well uh what's pretty standard is uh that it's that they're all pretty uh uh high uh Large . A lot a lot of buttons buttons . Large and and and pretty thin and uh and long . Um , power buttons are mostly at the top uh left or right . Yeah , well arrow b buttons can be blue . And what's interesting is the the the icons on the buttons . Some buttons have icons like the play and stop , but we don't use that . But uh , these we we have to choose the right icons , or or letters . Uh this is the V_ for volume , but they're both uh a V_ . So it's it's not really very uh clear what's the function of that . For the uh menu , what do we use for that ? We don't have buttons for the menu . Or we may have to use channel of the volume and channel . I thought that was our uh idea . And that the menu button is okay . Yeah but , has to be clear that you can use the arrows . The icons on the arrows , as well , you mean . Um , well I don't I don't know if we have to discuss this already , or in the next uh meeting . But uh , as we have to uh to to design the the case and the whole uh remote control in our uh our our corporate uh company uh uh colours and the logo , I would uh recommend a yellow case . Uh , round edges . The logo at the bottom . And uh , well maybe each each uh set of buttons uh has uh has his own colour . Uh , recognisable . Not too much colours . Uh , no . Not too much . But this has to be has to be trendy Uh , yeah so good uh good icons on the buttons , and uh and big buttons is my uh personal uh opinion . Uh , at first we will uh I will f uh say something about what younger people want , our uh group w uh w uh we want to uh sell our remote controls to . And then , I'll discuss what my opinion is about the costs , about uh what battery is in it , what kind of buttons also . First uh , the younger people , they want like soft mat uh materials and primary colours . Like , totally yellow , totally red . Uh , the shapes are curved and round , Maybe it's nice to uh get a remote control not like all the other ones , straight and uh flat and long . But to give him the shape of your hand , so you it's easier to use or something like that . The battery , there are few options . Uh , I think the best option is to use uh the basic battery . Uh , the the form of the remote control , I think it's also nice have it curved . And maybe like it's hand-shaped . Uh material , you use plastic . Hard plastic And also rubber Uh the push-buttons . We have one new thing uh discovered . It's a scroll push uh thing like a mouse . Maybe it's uh easy to use uh for the channels . When you want to go m move up , you just scroll up and click on the button , if you wanna see the next , uh if you wanna see that channel . You can do it with your thumb . And with your l left hand you can uh push the buttons The electrics um with a scroll push uh button , we must use regular uh chips . There are also uh simple chips . They are uh cheaper . Um , but then we have just a basic uh uh remote control , And you have also advanced um chips . But that's with the L_C_D_ uh screen . And I think our budget is too low to use and an L_C_D_ , And maybe it's also then uh thoughtful if we u uh use uh as um different kind of uh shapes for the for remote control , that we then use the primary colours . This is with an L_C_D_ ? No , But then it's not easy to use scroll uh wheel . And I think we must look further to uh to devel d develop something news . but then we'll get to the regular uh remote controls . And I think , what I said , everybody has them uh has them already . I got it on my screen and it was uh higher . And that might uh bring back the costs uh I think we must discuss who uh what will be better . If we have a better shape of the um remote control , or better options on it . With a scroll menu , a w scroll thing , and a L_C_D_ . And then a flat um remote control . Or , a more hand-shaped remote control , with scroll , without L_C_D_ . Maybe you can look how how much it is for the L_C_D_ . Not with an L_C_D_ . But the L_C_D_ is easy when you use the scroll uh buttons . but l when you see a menu uh on the television , it's like you see uh one to twenty , you go uh uh s scroll up , and push number tw twenty . but like we said before , it has to be used on every television . Yeah , I think the younger people will have newer televisions , which can provide our uh remote control . Uh , can you give an indication in b uh in the cost difference between uh the chip with L_C_D_ or without ? But I don't know uh how much higher . I think if we have an L_C_D_ , it will also sell a lot better . Note that the push-button requires a simple chip chip . A scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip , which is a higher price range . The display requires a advanced chip , which is which in turn is more expensive than the regular chip . So , my uh presentation is about trend-watching . Uh , well we made an investigation of the market , by Trendwatchers . They uh watch in uh cities like uh Paris and Milan . Uh , we have two groups , young and trendy , and the old and rich . Well th and the young and trendy , they uh they starting to like uh fruit and vegetables uh as a theme for n uh clothes , shoes , and also uh products . And um , material ? That should feel have uh a spongy feeling . Then the old and rich . They like uh dark colours , and simple , recognisable shapes . We uh aim at the younger market . Well , uh then already come to my personal preferences . However , with trends it's always if there's it's now . It it it might last one year , and next year it be uh can be totally different . Well , we have to decide on the concept . Maybe one of you can paint it on the board . Can make several uh concepts . We have this , and we had the idea of an um a more uh uh uh like sh in the shape of your hand . This is the remote control . And then you have something like th this under it . So , it has to be soft ? And it has to be soft , yeah . Buttons on top of it . The scrolling . You can do it with your thumb . But now we use one scroll button and the other one is here . If we have a menu , uh how do we uh choose other options ? with the menu uh button . And then you also can scroll uh scroll in it . But if we don't have a L_C_D_ we don't have a menu . Uh , then we have it on the T_V_ , the menu . Yeah , but again maybe th How do we know the T_V_ can handle it ? And if we put an L_C_D_ thing on it , then the costs will uh be much higher . we make two concepts . One with L_C_D_ . One without L_C_D_ . And and this one has to be soft . And this has to be harder , And you can and you can uh make the the power button as a trigger . It's not good to use . Or some kind of rubber around it . One with two scroll buttons and one with without . Uh , one with a with a menu , and one without a menu . And the one with with a menu has an L_C_D_ . Yes , but you don't know which of the scroll buttons you have to choose . Then it depends on the cost . M uh yeah , maybe it's better if the uh scroll-wheels are um more separate , yeah . Like , you have the menu button in between uh I also think this concept is not what the young people were looking for . When you uh the menu , you have to go there there there there . We have two buttons missing . The mute button . Mute . And the other . Personally , I think two scroll buttons uh aren't easy to handle . With the switch button . But how do you wanna solve it ? Yeah but on the menu that's not uh easy . Uh , then you can also have like uh th um Yeah , and joystick , I think . Or a small one just like in a laptop . Does that break , a joystick ? But how expensive it is ? For the young peoples I think scroll button's good . That's not expensive than uh Joystick is better . I mean the the shape of the remote control . Just like a Playstation thing . Maybe , if it's possible , it's not too expensive , I think a joystick is better . Then for the components , we use a normal battery . Then it's Ch cheapest way , I think . Kinetic is uh ch makes it more expensive . Chip . Depends on the L_C_D_ . If we use a scroll , then we have the uh regular chip . If we don't use a scroll , then we can use the simple chip . And uh , we If you use the L_C_D_ , we have to Uh the most expensive . So , uh the shapes of the design depends on the L_C_D_ Or shall we just put it on the pistol thing ? If you have pistol , it L_C_D_'s not easy . if you have like uh an uh uh a ni a uh Playstation uh game controller . Now we put uh rubber around it . Hard plastic , uh the shape , and around it hard uh around it rubber . Then this is the design . And the buttons are on the next page . So , depends on the cost . Next meeting . Thirty minutes . You two stay here . Check your mail . It has to be ready in the next meeting . Next meeting is called the detailed design . And on the L_C_D_ , how much it costs ? they're not uh in details . It's more expensive or less expensive , huh ? So , after this meeting you have half an hour to uh fix it . 