Uh now we're going um into the functional design . Then our agenda . first the opening . Uh this time I will take the minutes . Uh you're going to have a presentation . All of you . Um and we've got forty minutes for the whole uh prese for the whole uh presentations . So uh I suggest we take about seven minutes per presentation , and then we can have a little discussion about the new project requirements And then the decision on the control functions uh which we wanna include and those which we don't wanna include . My name is Freek Van Ponnen . I'm We have we uh have been doing research in a usability lab where we observed um users operating remote controls . Uh we let them fill out a questionnaire . Uh in addition we did some market research . Uh see what the market consists of . What ages are involved . these are three quite astonishing results , I thought . uh seventy five percent of the um people questioned uh indicated that they thought their remote were was ugly . Um and an additional eighty percent indicated that they would spend more money on a fancy-looking remote control . Um in addition remotes were not very functional . Fifty percent of the people indicated they only loo used about ten percent of the buttons on a remote control . And fifty percent of the people indicated that their remote tended to get lost in their room . Channel selection and volume selection um both got a ten on a scale of one to ten for relevancy . Then we did some research to the most relevant functions . The power button got a nine . And teletext got a six and a half . Then there are some one-time use function . That uh audio settings , video settings , and channel settings buttons . Which are not really used very frequently , but are still considered to be of some importance . Um channel selection was also indicated to be used very frequently . One hundred and sixty eight times per hour . Um sixty percent of the market consists of users between the ages sixteen and forty f six . the users of forty six to sixty five years cons The make up forty percent of the market . They are not really very interested in features . But they do tend to spend their money a lot easier . What I think this indicates for our um design . I think we should make a remote for the future . And this means we would um have to focus on the age ages sixteen to forty five . Um this would mean we would have to make a fancy design . Um The results also indicated that um about one quarter of the people questioned thought that the remote control caused R_S_ R_S_I_ . And thirty four percent thought that it was hard to learn a n how to operate a new control , remote control . I think we should make very few buttons . Uh I think the most frequently used buttons should be emphasised . Especially the channel selection and audio uh selection buttons . But it might be a good idea to make a docking station . And this would , could get a button in it which would send a signal to the remote which would then beep . So you'd know where it is in the room . And in addition to this it could um recharge the batteries in the remote if you put it in . Then um a surprisingly great deal of people w indicated that um an L_C_D_ screen in the remote control would be preferred . This was um mostly people in the age of sixteen to twenty five . This would also greatly increase the production costs but I think these are just some small factors we could consider . I've been looking at uh the user interface of it . Um f for the techno f functions uh of of it . Um I think uh we uh must use the general functions uh of the uh remote control . I I've been thinking about a simple manner uh to put a lot of functions uh uh in one um in one uh remote control . Uh uh I've do I've uh done a little uh research on the internet and not much information about it , Um about uh interface Uh so uh you've got a lot of devi uh devices like uh D_V_D_ uh uh television , uh stereo . But uh it must be uh user-friendly . you c you can't put a a lot of uh functions uh in one uh Yeah . Uh uh uh Yeah . In one um remote control . you can see , this is uh quite simple uh remote control . but uh This uh re uh remote control got a a lot of uh buttons . what uh I was uh thinking about was um uh keep the general functions uh like they are . like uh the on-off uh button . Uh keep it uh yeah l like a red button . My personal uh preferences um . Use a display for uh specific uh functions of the different uh device . And um here you've got a s kind of a display . It's a touchscreen . you got a general f uh f the functions of the device uh for a D_V_D_ player or uh so um the pl yeah um f for uh playing uh reverse uh . And um you got here uh real buttons for uh selecting uh a device . you you never got uh all the buttons uh on w one device . We better c um uh use uh quite uh large buttons uh Everybody uh have to use it so Uh ol even even old people um young people . we must keep uh buttons uh quite s uh simple and quite large . I think if we are gonna use a touchscreen uh we're gonna go way above the twelve and a half Euros . N I I don't think so . Uh you got uh quite a cheap uh touchscreen . S um it's uh not uh in colour or something . it would certainly make a fancy design . But the It wouldn't be very robust . I've got a presentation about the working design . Um first about how it works . Everybody knows how a remote works . The user presses a button . The remote determines what button it is , uses the infrared to send a signal to the T_V_ . The T_V_ switches to the frequency , or what function it is . we've got um the the plate . It gots conductive disks for every button . When the user presses a button , a signal got sent , goes to the LED and transmits tranmi transmits its to the T_V_ . this is a schematic overview . You've got the buttons . The power source . And uh when a button gets pressed , its goes to the chip . I think we should use default materials , simple plastics . Keep the inner workings simple , Uh I think we should focus on aesthetics , the design and the user interface , and if you use high-tech materials it come back in every product . it's , in my idea , it's uh it's gonna be smart to invest in di in design and not in uh in the product itself . so I'm here to mess things up and uh tell you some new uh requirements . we've uh got to design a um remote which is only suitable for T_V_ . Um that's because uh it will be too complex and the time to market will be too big , if we wanna have it uh for more functions . Uh another point is we have to skip the teletext , because in the world of uh upcoming internet uh we think teletext is going to be uh a thing of the past . Another one is uh the customer is uh forty plus . Uh that's the the market we have to to to target , because we are going to develop a new product which is specially designed for the younger customers . And we have to be very uh attent in uh putting the corporate image uh in our product . So it has to be visible in our design , in the way our device works . I suggest let's have a discussion on the control functions . Uh we can see if we can find a way uh between the functions we wanna use and the market we wanna reach with our product . Um 'cause you're you're saying that teletext is gonna be an old feature But I think if you're targeting people of forty plus , the chance that they will have a T_V_ with internet access within the next like twenty years is very slim . In addition people indicated that teletext simply was an important feature for the remote control . So I think it's pretty dumb to put no teletext feature on it . Besides that , I think the market for forty plus is like pretty small . But I mean if I s if I see this , it's I think we're just gonna go for another Standard remote . I think we can do a lot with the design and the simple buttons Uh if we put a lot of effort in those , we can make a remote control with uh just two or three buttons . Or just a remote which is suitable for the market we wanna reach if you look in Holland at the whole generation of forty plus , fifty plus , it it's the the biggest share of the of the whole population now . But don't you think that if we make a remote which is uh typically made for this market , that people think the people think that's the the device I've looked for although I didn't realise it . I think that if we're If we put our marketing right um we can sell this just like um I don't know if you've heard about it in the news , the the elderly mobile phone ? if we if we make a remote control just l with that idea in mind , we could make tons of money , I think . We don't have to focus on on on the on the design then but on functionality . Uh I think teletext can be uh um can be a function as well . But only if uh if it won't higher the the cost , But um deaf people need uh teletext for uh for subtitles . I think it'd definitely be a bad idea not to include teletext . Is anybody um really against teletext ? I think that's a good idea as well , especially for the subtitles . I think uh that's very important we have a few buttons . So we can s we can skip the display , But do you need the buttons for one to zero . Think if you're gonna include teletext you do . maybe we can implement the scroll button ? Or a joystick like ? Just look if you look at telephones . The Sony telephone has a scroll button which is very useful in searching names or but um I don't think there are many T_V_s that can switch channels that fast . And so you would need like the T_V_ would need an a function where you can actually view all channels and scroll through it . If we're gonna focus on elderly people they'll have to adapt . So perhaps we should s stick to the basic layout . I think it's very important in the in the design . You can make a very fancy design uh with putting the buttons on the right places . But I don't think I think if you're gonna make a remote control only to operate a T_V_ , you there's not much you can gain on um having as few buttons as possible . you suggest we could better um focus on for example the docking station . I think , mean we obviously need a good way to position all the buttons But I don't think we should spend very much time in that . Do you think the docking station will uh is allowed in the budget we have ? And if the remote stays rather small , it should be possible we're just gonna focus on the extras ? I think so . fifty percent of the people indicated that remote control tended to get lost . So maybe we should implement the audio sign , or something . Like with your key-chain , if you whistle it goes uh it makes a sound . you have it's on some phones too , which have a docking station . And you just press a button and the phone goes ringing . point is the L_C_D_ screen . Uh another Um I don't know if that will rise the cost too much , um I think we'll have to choose between the docking station or the screen , it might be a good idea to have just a little screen on it , which would explain a button if you press it . And it wouldn't have to be touchscreen or a very expensive screen , Just the L_C_D_ . That's a good idea . Few buttons , we talked about that . Docking station , L_C_D_ . Um general functions And default materials . I think that's a good idea as well , Because I think what we're going to design now is for people above sixty , maybe . If we want um a with uh for example the the telephone for elderly people , we can target the real elderly people . Now you're talking about sixty to eighty for example . But I'd have to look into that a little more . And with uh the little screen in it , which explains the buttons . You could I think we n it would be a lot easier to adapt it to different cultures . In different languages , you know . If we're able to really bring an innovative product . I think since a lot of people indicated that a new remote control is hard to learn , and we're focusing on elderly people here which tend to have a hard time understanding new devices , Um what we're going to do for the next meeting is the Industrial Designer will do the components concept , User Interface Designer the user interface concept , and the trend-watching . 