The first kick-off meeting . First the opening , We m have to make a new remote control . It has to be original , trendy and user-friendly . So we will get back th on that . First we have to make a functional design . After that we have to make a conceptual design , and then after that a detailed design . So we'll discuss that later . So first to we have to make a small painting . First you can save the documents . We have to do that every time we make something . And we have to use the pen and the eraser . We all have to use this one . So I'll make an example . Um you can change some things . So and after it you have to save it . An So you're next . Uh a bird . Now save ? Okay . Now next . The budget . we will sell the t at twenty five Euros . And we have only twenty of twelve and a half Euro to make it . First I wanna hear from you . Uh what are your experiences with remote controls . Big one , they are uh not easy to use . And uh g big buttons , m uh that's easier to use than uh I think . Big buttons , positive . Uh well I think the the the goal of a remote control is that it's it it has an influence on the T_V_ set . And that it controls the channels and the the volume . And uh I I I think it's positive if there's a a LED uh uh a LED on the corner of the of the remote . And that if you push the button the LED uh gives a light , and uh and you see that it's working . But I my my experience is that it it it's convenient to have that . Uh at home we have a T_V_ , a video uh recorder , a D_V_D_ player , and a satellite receiver . We have uh four distinctive remote controls for that . That's not really ea easy . So it would be nice if we have one for all . For our own remote control we have to think how do we make it . So what ideas do you have for it , for the new remote control ? The weight . Not not too heavy . Not much buttons . That when you drop it , it won't break . Like uh some kind of rubber on it . Or hard uh hard plastic . Uh something like when you uh lose your uh remote control , sometimes it happen . Uh it between the couch and you can't find it . Yeah well that's that are good ideas . Uh And looking on the budget , not too expensive uh material . So probably plastic or something . Uh Yeah I think it uh from a marketing point of view , it also has to look nice . on our website we can see what products we already have . And it should work with as many uh as possible of them . Uh it it won't take a lot of batteries . So you don't won't have to change the batteries uh once a week or uh once every two weeks . It's only the first ideas . uh what are we going to do now is Next meeting is in half an h hour . Um , what you have to do . Well look on your . And Next instructions you'll get in your email . So 