Okay . Uh first of all I'll start with the costs , because that's going to influence our design . Because we have a problem . It has to be twelve and a half . You're going to redesign something . Okay , so we're at twenty five . Do we keep the shape doubly curved or g do we go for single curved ? Well I guess i we'll have to go for single curve then . I mean we have to drop on everything . Uh another option I saw was to drop the buttons one through nine , so you can't directly access a channel , but instead use only the up and down arrows . But we don't have any basic options any more . They don't need special colours . I mean we're gonna use the L_C_D_ screen anyway . So we'll just have to use it for everything . That was exactly my point . Like let's drop all the buttons , and just make one Integrated scroll-wheel push-button , yeah . we need one integrated button for everything then . But but th the cost of one integrated button is far more than a few extra push-buttons . Could drop the speech recognition . There are more people who like speech recognition than an L_C_D_ screen . Yeah . Let's drop the speech . if you lose the the Back , the Okay button Uh v let's say we only have the four arrows , and the Menu button . With with one uh integrated button we can uh do the whole menu thing . So let's go for the plastic . So the only option is an hand dynamo . drop the the special colour , and uh do the special colour for the buttons . Let's let's go for the hand dynamo then . Yeah it has to be curved and has to have that colour . Yeah but it's just a scroll-wheel which you can push down . So Okay . Make it a special colour and then it look fancy . Woah we're within budget . oh ma make it two special colours , but we only have one button . It's silly 'cause we we should have had this meeting before we start drawing . Well we first should have had a uh prototype presentation . But well as you saw that hadn't made no sense , because we had to drop it . We all have to keep in mind what has changed now . So what we have left on the Because evaluation is based on the initial uh user requirements . Well we evaluate uh the design with a seven point scale , as following . Well the criteria are based on the user requirements , uh the trends from the marketing research , and the marketing strategy of the company itself . And we all have to uh agree on a certain level . Well the first point is the remote control matches the operating behaviour of the young user . I think it does . Because the operating behaviour of the young user was also defined in colour and shape and the use of L_C_D_ , Okay well I say still two , but it has to be three then . The remote control has irrelevant or less used functions . Yeah . Well , yeah . So it it's a very true point . I mean it hides all those function . It shows the relevant and most used functions . It automatically has the the programme and the volume function , Okay five . Uh the the remote control makes use of technolog technological innovation like L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition . Yeah , I say two . Okay , it has a fancy look and feel by using fruit and vegetable prints , primary colours and sponge-like material . So we still uh we still have the primary colours . But only on the on the outside , not on the button . Yeah still we we dropped also on the the double uh curve . It should have been two questions . I realise now , because sponge-like material is dropped . . So maybe in the middle or something . Actually we d we didn't do so well on this one . I mean the sponge-like and the three D_ shape , that would give it something young and fresh . Uh the remote control displays the corporate logo . But there's uh enough space for the corporate logo . I mean , if there's only one thing . And even the shape we have now uh simulates kind of an R_ and the reversed R_ , The remote control is easy to use . Skill , uh I would say six , or something . I don't think it's easy to use , or not so . The only e the only thing easy about it is that you don't have to move your fingers . 'Cause it has only one button . Yeah . Well I I would say a five or a six . It's really not easy to use . uh the remote control is durable . Definitely in casing , 'cause we have a hard plastic Yeah because the the batteries , those thingies last forever . Yeah . If you don't drop it too much , it's uh should last pretty long . But uh I think rubber compared is better . So I think a two is more appropriate Okay I will go go for two . The remote control's a good example for company's motto , we put the fashion in electronics . Because we kind of tried to but we kind of failed with the budget that we have . But it all has to do with the budget , because it's it's not the bad idea we had , so Yeah , four is okay . So if I understood it right , we have to count these numbers . Yeah just add them and then uh divide them . I all made it possible uh for a positive questions , so we can count it . And then you can count them together . That's uh three uh Or le less than a three . makes three point one one one one one one one . So we're better than average . I Are you sure we this number actually tells us somethings ? I don't think so because some questions are related to positive issues and some to negative . Yeah , but there are no negative questions I guess . So it were all positive questions , by uh by purpose . So Yeah true . Yes , so the It tells us something , yes . it's not , it's not really eye-catching , except for the colour . Yeah we we have to maybe if we have to redesign it on this Okay uh we're still gonna go for the fancy colours ? Yeah we we can just uh use this one . And then uh over-paint it with uh uh the green uh The the button has a special colour , the frame has a special colour . Oh and you might want to add a uh infrared LED . Well I have to um um make an uh report of every decision we made so far . And I try to get chip just before uh I uh receive the Excel sheet . but maybe you can help me . Okay , but how do we make the the scroll uh button ? The the target group has a weak spot for fruit and vegetables , like primary colours , spongy shape . Yeah , is it's horizontal or vertical ? Well I think I have to make a p an issue called finance . It's not very fashionable anymore . But uh it's okay . Maybe that's a s a special colour for it . So we can make it uh special ? uh can we do a print ? I'm not sure . Shall we just give it some dots to make it look pretty ? We have the original balance sheet , or Okay , it's not the prettiest , I know . Maybe maybe it c it can say that . The Real Remote . Shall we do the logo in black or not ? Is this uh the last assignment ? Or Well it's it's single single curved . But it's it's better to have in the front , this kind of shape , because it looks nice . and I don't know if you have to present , because I didn't receive any information about that so far . Yeah , I have still ten minutes to finish the report . You can just if you ma finish my presentation please . Oh yeah , we have to do the project uh evaluation . So how were did the project process uh go ? Did you , were you all pleased with the process as it was ? Yeah well at first I was really stressed . Because it went a bit fast . But then as I knew the tempo that I had to be on , the second time I think I did a bit better . because at first you you make your individual contribution , and then come here , and you have no idea what the others have to make . And then finally you have some idea , okay this is gonna w this is what we gonna make together and okay I will arrange this and you will arrange that , and you have a k a kind of idea what you can expect on the next half hour when you have to work on your own . So The process , I mean , the interaction between us became better and better I guess . Yeah . Especially after the first meeting . Well you did become more assertive the the second time round , so that Um was there uh enough room for creativity ? but only the the financial parts uh Also not only the drawing and the the making of the thing itself , but also in explaining it to the other people , by means of uh the the board and uh PowerPoint and Word and stuff like that . So and the uh about the board digital pen ? the digital pen is better than the SMARTboard . Because it it it just works better . But the screen is useful , in essence , but it doesn't work that well . And uh as I said , uh I uh have no idea how PowerPoint works , so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal PowerPoint presentation . Finish meeting . Okay , are are there any new ideas about this ? It's use especially useful , I guess , to to evaluate designs and graph graphical stuff . I think the PowerPoint is is too limited . Yeah the the the problem with PowerPoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks c as well . Yeah . But it it's useful to to show something to to an a small audience , and then to Uh we should uh enter our questionnaire . Yes . Check your email . 