Well our functional design meeting , that's the stage we're in . Um now the new project requirements , I'll just show them . Well , teletext goes out . I I disagree , because we just said we wanted to d include the D_V_D_ and they don't want it , because uh especially for the third requirement we want to reach people under the thirty years . Well and uh our corporate image should stay rec recognisable in our products . Well , I'm going to tell you something about functional requirements . Well , um the first findings are that people um think most controls are very kind of ug ugly . They also say , that's about uh I thought it was fifty per cent , uh that more money will be spent on uh better looking controls . Uh , almost every user uses it d the the control for just ten per cent of its capacity . Furthermore , it's uh seventy five per cent of the users uh zaps a lot . Thus it might be uh might be smart to make a a big uh zapping button or something in the middle , so you can reach it with your thumb . A lot of losers um users lose their controls in their in their living room . So it might be sensible to make some kind of a button on your television , that's your um your control beeps or something , that you can find this very easily . Uh thirty four thirty four per cent um thinks it's it's too uh too difficult to learn . I think our uh user uh expert should also consider manual a manual for the remote , of course . Uh Yeah but nobody reads a manual about a remote control , I think . It sh it should be there , the manual . Next point . Um R_S_I_ . Um research shows that they like to have a little L_C_D_ screen on their on their uh zapping uh device . Uh I thought it was the age between sixteen and twenty , ninety nine per cent of uh the people like that . It's going to be expensive . Yeah . I don't have any information on that . So No , we'll look we'll look into that later . And uh another thing is uh speech uh recognition . They also like that , I think that's uh difficult to realise also . We don't rule them out uh yet . Well uh it is my task to uh explain uh or to point out a working design . You have uh basically uh the energy , the power of the of the remote control , And the the user interface sends uh the the different signals of the different buttons to the chip , I've some couple of pictures here . It has uh very little buttons and High tech . and it's not very user-friendly . So we have to uh change a little bit uh to that , uh so that uh it becomes more user-friendly , But I think it's very important to make um the power , channel and volume buttons uh near to the thumb , so you can't have R_S_I_ uh consequences . Uh the power button is used very much , channel selection , volume and teletext . Um I have a table here about uh the l the relevance of the buttons . Maybe you can make , for for channel changing , two little buttons on the side of the remote , so you can just do like this . Yeah . If someone puts up i uh picks up his remote , and he picks up it he he touches the side then he's a already on the next channel . That's very irritating , I think . But in e in any case the the basic function should be uh indeed , and as you say at the thumb . and uh and that the less important uh buttons , like the the the different channels , uh the numbers one two three four five as well , should be uh yeah well not in reach , And I have some pictures of the inside workings , Yeah . Well I'm Mike , User Interface Designer . took a good l look uh at the remotes on the corporate website , which are these two . Um This one is engineering-centred , I like user-centr centred uh uh also the best . I um I kinda like the shape . I think this is about the maximum number of buttons uh we'll need . I think we should go further with the idea of a removable front . So if y if you make a a front with just a a tiger on it , then uh our recognition is totally gone . Or you can you can can put the same symbol on on every remote . We can put it on the on the back side . And if you put a front on it , there's a hole on the front . So the symbol's always on We can make a symbol of the company right here . Mike , uh can you put uh that picture from me on the in the Word documents file ? In Map ? Yeah , I will . and we've uh chose for the younger one . Um , research has shown that um it's a high interested uh in features . but what kind of features ? Like L_C_D_ screens and voice recognition . And if if that's gives you a little bit of sta status information . Which programme you are l watching or something . So it it just signals the the different uh sig uh the different symbols on the screen you have , I think it should be at the top . Alright , we go with the L_C_D_ screen ? Uh well I think so , yes . Um Yeah well we we we still need to know how much that will cost . No but we're we'll have to look into that . So we have to decide on the different remote control functions . Yeah but with with the L_C_D_ screen on the top it gets a bit unnatural . because um when when uh when I use a remote I l I hate the buttons but buttons at the at the bottom . We don't want them to look like a calculator . I think it's still important to have it at the top , because it's uh it's more familiar that way . I think we have uh a few functions , and we can put uh the L_C_D_ above it , and still have lots of room at the bottom , where you can put your hand . Well but uh what what if we we first decide the different functions , We have a power button , setting buttons , L_C_D_ window , the number buttons Channel , yeah . Volume control . Uh the mute button . I think we we should use something like this um to um The the channel up and channel down button ? Yeah , in circle , you know ? And and a volume control also in it . You should put that uh power button , channel and volume should have the most uh importance . I think these should be in one big circle in the middle . Yeah , but what he said about R_S_I_ was t kinda true . So it might be smarter to put them a little more away from each other . Yeah but people don't like it when their buttons are all over the place . So the the channel uh channel buttons should be far far apart , I think , up and down . No I don't think . I think you can have the two buttons of up and down close together , but you don't have uh have to have volume control and and zapping button close together . Right , just make some decisions . Well what if we're going to now decide about the functions , and the design comes into the next round ? Are we going to uh do it like uh on Mike's screen with uh one button that says I'm going to do a t two number digital ? On most T_V_s if you uh press two numbers shortly after each other , d it Alright so no button for that . Uh there's um screen . You can make it wider and less wide . I do think we have to put that underneath a clip . Th that's a bit uh waste . You can just put it somewhere Oh , they can be small or round like buttons . Well uh and and I think more at the bottom . Yeah . We have it , and we design later where everything goes . Yeah . Why go to video ? Yeah , but you can z you can zap t you can you can zap to the video channel from zero to uh Yeah , but if we're choosing to uh incorporate these buttons , you have to have uh channel setting , Yeah well uh d different screen settings a Yeah , sk and then with plus and min minus you can uh adjust the uh So we still have one uh four ? For a screen uh fu uh channel setting . Oh you always have in the centre an Okay button , for your menu . Yeah , alright . Menu button . Yeah . I think that's important . I think things like uh contrast and brightness should be um in the menu , yeah . And you can uh then adjust it with the zapping buttons or something . and uh we'll have to decide s things on our own I think . So So it's better to uh put our attention to the the design . So you can pick up and use it , than I think . The chip uh produces Morse code , um a specific code to indicate that specific button that is pressed , of course . Now the LED produces an infrared beam and signals the , well it's uh very simple , and signals the uh signals to the sensor on the T_V_ set , but the most important buttons m maybe you can just put them a bit apart so you would reject R_ R_S_I_ R_S_I_ . but i th they all have to have something about um the recognition from our company . No not clickable . But you you can put uh two or three buttons under uh another section . And the button that you can go to A_V_ for your video . 