It's the conceptual design meeting . And a few points of interest in this meeting um are the conceptual specification of components . Uh conceptual specification of design . And also trend-watching . Um but first I'll show you the agenda . Uh first the opening . Then we have three presentations . Uh after that we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts . Then a little uh thing about the last meeting . Uh these are the points um we agreed on . The requirements and the target market . Uh requirements are uh teletext , docking station , audio signal , small screen , with some extras that uh button information . And we are going to use default materials . And we're going to target uh sixty to to eighty year old customers . um I suggest let's get started with the presentations . I'm uh gonna inform you about the trend-watching I've done over the past few days . Um we've done some market research . We distributed some more enquetes , questionnaires . And um besides that um I deployed some trend-watchers to Milan and Paris to well get all of the newest trends . Um most important thing is the fancy design . Um the research indicated that that was by far the most important factor . Um innovativeness was about half as important as the fancy design . By innovativeness this means um functions which are not featured in other remote controls . Um about half of , half as important as the innovativeness was the was easy to use . Um for our um group , we're focusing on the people of sixty to eighty y years old , this is um , these factors are slightly more equal . Uh the older people prefer dark colours . Uh they like recognisable shapes , and familiar material . And our surveys have indicated that especially wood is pretty much the material for older people . Um this leads us to some personal preferences . Uh the remote control and the docking station should uh blend in in the in the room . Um so this would mean no uh eye-catching designs . Just keep it simple the docking station and small screen would be our main points of interest , because this would be the These would uh be the innovativeness in the remote control . Um well the trend-watchers I consulted advised that it b should be , the remote control and the docking station should be telephone-shaped . So you could imagine that uh the remote control will be standing up straight in the docking station . This is pretty much a new shape to uh older people . So they would prefer uh a design where the remote control just lies flat in the docking station . Um besides that we would advise um to bring two editions , one with a wood-like colour and maybe feel , and one with a grey-black colour . The wood-like for the more uh exclusive people . People with more money . uh some uh research uh a about um designing of an interface . Um the uh last meeting uh we had a about um uh using a f few buttons . that's w what I what I want to uh uh to do in uh our design . just um we have just to focus on the primary um functions . finding an attractive uh way to control uh the remote control . Um the uh I found some uh something about uh speech uh recognition . only uh buttons uh for uh sound , um for uh on-off , um uh shifting u up uh sa uh ca channel or uh down shifting down . we uh need some uh new a attractive functions it's uh like a speak uh speech uh recognition and um a special button for selecting uh subtitles . overall um user-friendly . using uh large large buttons . Um It's uh possible to uh uh to make um quite cheap uh system for uh speech uh recognition . Um you can think about um uh when you lost your um remote control , you can uh call it and um it gives an um sig signal . And and uh for uh shifting up a sen uh c ch channel or uh for um uh putting out uh sound or something , you can uh just give a sign uh say um sound off Television uh put the sound off uh put the sound off uh . Um I was thinking about the special uh button for uh subtitles , um just one button to keep it uh simple . Uh one push on the button uh you get uh uh small uh subtitles . Um double push push um , if double click , um so uh you get uh big uh subtitles , for uh people uh um uh which c f uh who can't uh read small uh subtitles . we've got um the buttons we have to use . The on-off , sound on-off , sound higher or lower , um the numbers , uh zero to uh uh nine . Um the general buttons m more general b one button for shifting up and shifting down uh channel . Um also we want to uh use a little d display uh for um for displaying the uh the functions of the buttons . And um we can uh build in a function f which uh shows the channel or some uh which the t television is on . made a little uh picture of uh it . Just um we can put uh the on-off button uh over in this uh corner , D display uh of it , it's uh just a small display . Uh um you can put it uh on top . and a special uh button for shifting up uh and uh shifting down uh channel , um it's uh on place where um the thumb of of the About the components design . Um for the energy source we can use a basic battery or , a as an optional thing , a kinetic energy , like in a watch , But if we choose for that option , the docking station would c become obsolete . So I don't think it's really an option . Uh for the casing , uh the uh manufacturing department can deliver uh a flat casing , single or double curved casing . It's really up the the design that we're gonna use . Uh as a case supplement , we could um , I thought of that l later , uh a rubber uh belt , like a anti-slip . Uh for the b buttons , we can use plastic or rubber . And the chip-set , um it says simple here , but it should be advanced , because we're using an L_C_D_ uh screen . And as uh the trend-watcher presentation showed , um people like wood , but it raises the price and it doesn't really fit the image , unless we would start two product lines . Um well the kinetic energy source is rather fancy . But depends on what we want . Um for the case , uh the supplement and the buttons , it really depends on the designer . that brings us to the discussion about our concepts . Um first I think we can talk about the energy source , uh f I think first of all we have to see uh it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget , I think . We could use the basic normal battery . Uh a hand dynamo . there there are four options . But I don't think that's really an option . Uh solar cells . But not every room is very light Or the kinetic energy . And how exactly does the kinetic energy work ? y you basically shake your remote , and then it powers up . personally I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it . And besides that you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete . And I think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we can um get great popularity for our product . you could um insert the find the lost remote control function in there . Uh it's uh just a small display so I believe uh it will run on one battery for um six months or f or or more . I think uh elderly people just like to have everything in place . And I don't think they they like uh remotes just laying everywhere in their rooms . So maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place . And also what you said . Um you can introduce voice recognition by uh finding back your remote . But I think it's um more efficient and cheaper to put it in the docking station . So you have a but button on your docking station which you can push , and then it starts beeping . And then we can we can still use the voice recognition , but maybe then for only the the channels . I'm wondering um what will the voice recognition mean for the production price ? Mm I don't have any information on pricing . Um we also um asked if w they would , if people would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control . you can see here , our target group would not do that . I would greatly advise not to do it . So if that would increase the price for which we're selling our remote control But that would also go for the L_C_D_ screen then I guess . It's a bit higher percentage , here the question was , would you prefer it . And on top of that the L_C_D_ screen would um help in making the remote control easier to use . And I think a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use . I personally think the L_C_D_ screen we wanna use , with the extra information , I think nobody has anything against it . Because it's just uh some extra information , Maybe we have to uh discard the voice recognition . If we don't have the voice recognition , it will it won't use a lot of energy to use . Um in that case we could use kinetic uh energy , but I think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good . And much cheaper as well . And that's the best choice . let me just choose for the battery . That brings us to the chip . there isn't any choice there because we're using the the the the display . So it's gotta be advanced . And then we get to the point of the case . Uh if we wanna choose for wood or the black and grey . Or both ? wood is a lot more expensive to produce . Um but I think it will attract elderly people who wanna have something exclusive , And I think most important factor there is the wooden colour . But with colour was a lot more expensive ? Or ? I'll have to uh research . It's a lot more difficult to to handle and to to get in the right shape . with uh mobile phones uh uh so uh like the Nokia mobile phones , uh when you can change the case of it . Uh is it possible uh to make um changeable uh case . you have just to make one um standard um remote control , I think that's a very good option . You can sell the cases . and then you can make them with colour . Black and grey , other colours as well . We would have to look carefully into the design though . Costs . I think w we should just , we should then just design one um one remote , but it would have to be fancy with either the wood cover or the plastic one . everybody's okay with the changing covers ? I think that's a good uh good option . Um I heard our Industrial Designer talk about uh flat , single and double curved . the the general like most older remotes are flat , just straight . And what would single curved and double curved mean ? Um it would just only affect the form , for as far as I know . It's has to be possible to stand up ? Or just only to lie down ? just to lie down . the interface . What type of interface do we want to use ? Uh we can just use the regular form of it , Um you uh said you wanted to put the um changing channels button on the right side , so you could , so your thumb would be easily Um I thought maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both the left and the right side . For left-handed users also . Is it possible to um program it s so uh you got on the left side uh or on the right side uh buttons for for shifting u up and shifting up ? And on the uh other uh uh o other side uh buttons for uh shifting , uh for for the sound ? but I'm not sure if that would be very good for the easy , ease of use . Can't we make uh Can't we make a remote which you can flip over and use on the same No that's not gonna work . I guess . But is it a problem that left-handed persons use a different hand ? I think the functions are that basic that nobody should have any problems with uh choosing a channel I think we could just uh leave it a normal shape . Let's look at the flat case . The the single curved so I'm not really sure what they're gonna look like , but I think it's something like this . or better Should prevent repetitive strain injury a bit . this type should be better for you I suggest um the single curved , because maybe the curve is pretty good to put the the screen in . the remote control have to um lay in your hand . Um bit like so uh um in the form of your hand . And to put uh the the buttons for um changing uh the channel uh over here uh But I think it's better to put the screen uh on top . And I'd prefer the corners to be round . But um the on-off button , um still on the top uh Then We've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use . for the next meeting uh we'll have to look at the look-and-feel design . It's important that the corporate design image uh is going to be in the remote . So check out the corporate website maybe . The user interface design , it's the same story . And product evaluation . So the Industrial Designer and User Interface Designer are going to work together on this one . But you're going to get your instructions I think sended by the coach . just um I will put these um minutes on the in the folder . I'm not sure if you're going to start right away to work together I think you're going to fill in the questionnaires first . And then you'll get a message . Then we can save this one in the folders group . if you wanna have a look at it , it's over there in the projects folder . 