Okay Oh , we're gonna have a prototype presentation first . 'Kay , we've made a prototype . especially we looked at the form , material and the colour . The logo is uh is uh is pretty uh obvious to see on the on the remote control , I think the most of the functions are uh uh obvious . Uh the volume uh uh at the side , and the other side is the programmes . And then we had uh just uh two buttons , we place them in the middle , uh the menu , and for the teletext Uh then the the the nine uh channels . Uh , power button . did we want to have a m mute button ? Alright , and uh you gotta point out which is the volume um uh button and which is the programme button . Yeah , but you you gotta make it clear on the on Next to that I kinda miss a zero actually . Uh , there are different ways for remote controls to uh do uh like uh d I call it teens and twenties . All n no , that's um kinda dependent on the television . but do we have do we need extra buttons , I think you should add A cross , or whatever . Yeah , line . Yeah , but you don't you don't actually need them , becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first , then you have a couple of seconds No , that's dependent on the television . I know some remote controls that don't have these buttons , but you still can , know , obviously you can still select the twenty uh a number in the twenty or in the ten . Yes , but uh uh no uh remote control nowadays are um they come with the television . when when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash , it's the same thing as when you just push the one , some televisions don't accept uh that that When you push the button , the remote control gives a signal . and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one . it it it works uh if you haven't got uh a special button for it , uh if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a a line , which is an empty space . Yeah , but it's exact the same that w would appear when you put a separate button push a separate button . Yes , but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button , uh then you go to a a next level , you can push two buttons . Yeah , but you don't underst uh you don't understand my point . that special but button you're talking about , eh ? That's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv T_V_ that they have to put a one in on your screen and a dash , which you can pu so you can uh still put another number on it . When you don't have that separate button , and you push y one , it's exactly the same thing . No , s some some televisions need the input first uh and and you c That's the same thing as the button with the one and it It's simply not true . It's simply not true . I I know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons , it still works . We'll discuss them in the usability lab . we'll apply them then for now . I don't know uh I don't know if if it's it's necessary . Yeah , app just apply them next to the zero , the one and the two . but I still think i it it all T_V_s in some ways support it , I think it's more c is m maybe we don't uh we both don't really understand how it i how it really works , but I think there's more to in than wha than what you just said . No , you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals . I think it's pretty basic , there's one there's one button , But maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell , because Real Real Reaction sells more products than only remote controls . So maybe we can uh use the docking station , for example , uh M_P_ three players or or uh I think that's very difficult , because of different shapes of uh uh devices . Yes , but when you put that same volt voltages on it , you can put uh when the when the when uh o the the the lowest part of it , when it's o the same as the other products , you can put it all on the same uh The technology and the voltage can be the same . That's uh that's true . When when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it . Shouldn't it fall then ? It isn't going to fall down ? No , when you make it large enough no it it will not . But it's just an idea . It's leaning . It's leaning backwards , I think , in the in the docking station . Uh , you could make like a hole in it , you know , of uh in in the Well let's ha let's talk about the docking station later , because uh maybe we have we have to uh consider the docking station anyway , because we have some uh cost issues still to come . the f the look and feel would be great on this uh remote control , because uh you always uh will uh pick up the remote control in the in the smallest uh area . Then your uh left thumb of uh your right thumb is uh near the programme uh button , which is the most common used uh function , Yes , uh on the side uh there will be a strip of rubber , and in the middle uh there is uh a hard uh a hard material , a bit hard plastic with a light uh behind it . Yes , we can make also n neon lights on it , or or the buttons that can make uh light on it . because we're gonna use uh one colour for the the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber , Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons . Uh , in the same colour as the side . But uh , and we have to agree uh upon the exact colours , Right , we're gonna evaluate that design according to a few points . Um , we g the four of us are going to do that um together . we we gotta give points to uh to all of these to evaluate uh that design , The remote control is not ugly . How do you feel ? Yeah , maybe it really depends on taste . I think I think the the fronts will give it a more uh uh uh less uglier uh side , because you can uh make it in your own No , not not fronts , but different designs . Okay , three . The remote control's uh uh that n makes uh zapping easy . Yeah well , let that let's make that a one . It's something we really put work into . The remote control the remote control's relevant buttons are prominently visible . Yeah , but we d we didn't we're we're not planning to use fronts , I believe . I would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant . The remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons . I think we totally succeeded there . Well maybe a two , because of the menu button or something . Also , the the the buttons of the one , the two , the the digits , The remote control has got a really trendy look . Yeah , uh a t I think a two . we've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever . But I do think that it's more trendy than beautiful . You agree on the two ? Remote control has got innovative technology implanted . No , not L_C_D_ , so . you mean the rubber stuff ? But that that's not innovative . Or seven maybe , yeah . With the lights it it's it's kind of future Yes . The docking station is a is a little bit innovative . Well , let's leave it open for uh for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway . No uh , well , the agenda says evaluate now , so I think we how would you innovate a remote control more ? Yeah , more through uh like function T_V_ functionalities and But I d I definitely don't think it's a five , think about it la later on Remote control is easy to use . Yeah , a two . It will be bought by people under the age of forty . Yeah . Definitely . Yeah , a two . The remote control has recognisable corporate image , colour , logo or slogan . Yeah , you can put that on the side if if we would like to . Yeah , and I will I th still think it's gonna be a two or a three . Remote control's got a basic design intended uh for novice users . Yeah , make it a two . which is uh quite a great score . It's a two point six . Is there something after this uh meeting ? Or Well , I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire . I received uh a spreadsheet . I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together , First of all , the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list . We include one battery . we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component , how much we need of them . we should know how many simple chips , regular chips The simple chip is e enough I I think , I haven't got an idea on on which we need to use , really . The the email I got said uh simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device , it will uh cost a a bit more , like I think the advanced chip maybe . Maybe you can uh look it up right now . well , point out the advanced chip for now , I guess . Yeah , but it will it will it will be cause a lot of problems . Okay , we went for the double-curved case made out of plastic and rubber . And with a special colour . Otherwise , you get uh a standard uh plastic colour . Yeah , I think we uh we have special colours . Okay , then the push-button , I was just counting them . Uh , I think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use , Well that's bit of a problem , because I re but I really don't understand that , because I can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it wouldn't be possible according to this uh sheet . it's only uh when you use push-buttons , it will cost that much . Maybe it's the kind of push-buttons . You can have f four kind of push-buttons . And plus these two , f uh plus the mute button , and it's will be uh eighteen . Why is that so uh expensive . Yeah , I don't understand . Well , okay , well well let's make it just one . I I I couldn't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button . Really . I've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah , only with uh page up , page down and volume , Yeah , but I d I wouldn't want to own that . Really . Uh , it's it's still for little children . But then still , when we there's no room for a docking station or something . We'll give the buttons special colour . We'll give them a special form . A special colour , why a special colour ? Because the buttons will be uh d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings . I don't think the special form is really true . I think all the special colour things have to be marked over here , because that's what we were planning to do , 'Kay , but the problem now is that the There's no such thing as a docking station in this list , but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents . But we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station then the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore , No , but you otherwise you can't retrieve it . I mean if it's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two Euros and thirty cents . But for two Euros and thirty cents , we uh we don't get a docking station . if it would cost two Euros , that had a total a total thing , it would be nice too , or we can ki do the kinetic cells . But uh what can we do with the simple chip and what's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ? Maybe you can uh find it in your email right now , yeah , but when we skip when we um when we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station , then we still yeah , we need something else maybe to make it kind of special , We can make a plain docking station for two Euros . Wi wi without recharge I've got a schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about uh advanced chips or You can look at it for s presentation . I don't think here it's in here already . Was it working design or components design ? You know that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it it me requires Okay , so we only need a simple chip . it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip . And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker ? Maybe you can say against the remote uh page uh f uh page up , page down . So we're gonna use the simple chip . Nah , there is some money left to be spent . I think we can make a docking station . Yeah . we aren't gonna apply any uh innovated innovative te technology anyway , I think . maybe I think maybe the kinetic thing is something . Instead of the rechargeable Kinetics aren't uh nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking . the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking . Hey that maybe that's cool that's a cool thing about it , you know . You don't use batteries . We can make a docking station for two thirty . Yeah , but be serious , then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control . but we uh we don't inc we haven't looked at the these costs of the speaker and other stuff . Well then it's a useless project . Yeah , then we don't have any innovation things . Uh maybe it with the kinetic thing , I think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing . Can't we say fifteen Euros ? No , then we have to sell it for thirty Euros . You can sell for twenty seven and a half . No . Maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote . Battery and kinetic . You you gotta throw uh throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really . Uh , a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time . Because I think the d whole dynamic part , do you know , appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy , you know , with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing , and y when you move it around a lot , then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and Yeah , it's funny for a week . Okay , then we d Okay , well y we don't have to do it , but what that would just have a lack of key features , you know . We can really can do the docking thing , Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station . No no , it's not possible . It w it won't tell , but No , this not gonna sell . No . Yeah , we just have to go all what we did today again . You have to do it over . No no uh there's still there's still someth concept and something special left . Yeah , and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as well , to give it some just to give it some extra special feature , Warning , finish meeting now . well , we were gonna what look take a look at the last sheet . No , we can't . Yeah , we have to Yeah , it's Yes , yes . Celebration . I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire , to be honest . 