Um here we are already at our uh functional design meeting . I'm project manager but on the meetings I'm also the secretary , which means I will make uh minutes Um if I'm right , there are three presentations , And um we will also take a look at new project requirements , um if you haven't heard about them yet . Um well I don't know who wants to go first with his presentation . I'll go first . Okay . I'll go first yeah . I wanted to explain the working design of the remote control . Uh when you press a button , uh that's when you do pr for example when you uh want to turn up the volume , um a little connection is made on a little print plate Um uh the the chip uh makes a Morse code uh like uh signal which uh then is si uh signalled to uh several transistors And that makes uh the the infra-red lights signal which is sent to the television set . Um the findings uh uh that I found uh searching up some uh detailed information about the remote controls , are that uh they are very easy to produce , uh it's possible to uh make them in mass production Uh and the technology's already available , Uh I made a little uh uh animation of about how a tran our uh remote controller works . the sub-component , I suppose that you understand what a sub-component is , is f in this example it's the button . Uh when it is pressed down , um , the switch is ter is uh is switched on , so with uh the wire is sent to the to the chip in uh co-operation with the battery of course , Uh I wrote down some personal preferences about uh the remote control . Of course it is very handy if the remote control is hand held , Uh I personally uh pref prefer that uh it would be p uh come available in the various colours , and uh easy to use buttons . Perhaps soft touch , uh touch screen uh buttons because uh the rubber buttons are always uh uh they uh slightly uh they can be slightly damaged , uh so the numbers on the buttons are not possible uh to read anymore . And uh well as I said uh before th uh we can uh make several designs . and I looked at uh technical functions design of the remote . Uh I did this by uh looking at examples of other remote controls , of how they uh they look , and information from the web that I found . Um well what I found was that uh th the actual use of the remote control is to send messages to television set , adjust volume , that kind of thing . There are some uh examples of remote controls . You can see they are very different . The one has got all the functions that you could possibly need and an lot of uh buttons etcetera . And the other is uh more user friendly , little with big buttons . Um I guess you could better y you should look at a a user centred uh approach , A lot of buttons they may think from I don't need s as much as that . personal preferences is is uh a simple remote , with uh the basic functions that you can need that you could use . And then uh make it I would make so that you can could uh use it on more than one appliance . If you have one that uh uh does with the vi the the video , it could also work with uh with the stereo , you could reuse the buttons And it should be a user friendly , clear buttons , and not too much . We're going to j discuss the functional requirements of the remote , that means that functions user n want to have on the remote control , The methods I I prefer is we're going to look which section of the users we are going to focus a l on more . Younger people , from sixteen to thir forty five um years are more interested in fj features like L_C_D_ screens , speech recognition e etcetera . And we possess about two third of the market from in that range of age . The elderly people , from forty five years to sixty five years are not that much interested in features , and we possess less than two third , that's two fifth , of the market share in that area . Fifty percent of the users lose their remote often . So we don't have to make it very small , like uh like a mobile phone or something , Seventy five percent of the users also find it ugly , and fif seventy five of the users zap a lot , so the buttons sh should be that small , or shouldn't be that complex Remote control has to have to have a low power usage , because s w seventy five percent of the users only zap one time an hour , The volume button and the channel buttons are the two most important buttons on the remote control , so those they those have to h be find very easily . Buttons . Like what all colleagues said , have to have to be minimalized . or in L_C_D_ screen . because we have the L_C_D_ screen , we have the various options . but an L_C_D_ screen , the problem with the L_ sc L_C_D_ screen is that elderly people fr from forty five to for sixty five years don't use the L_C_D_ screen a lot . So we have to that keep that in mind that if you're going to implement L_C_D_ screen , you don't have to make it that hard to learn or to use . The last but not least , younger people are more critical about the features . And the older people spend more money , and easily on a remote control . Because they use the remote control often more often , and are more technical than the ol older people . So we have to keep in mind to to focus not a lot not that much on the younger pep younger people , but also somewhat on the elderly people . but like I said , L_C_D_ screen is easily to use And it should be easy to use . Especially the volume buttons , the channel buttes buttons and the number buttons to zap through the channels . I dunno uh did everyone receive an email with uh the new project requirements ? then I think it's a good thing that I made a separate slide of them Um teletext does has become outdated since the popularity of the internet . So that's uh the first thing we I think we should pay less attention to uh teletext . Uh the remote control should only be used for the television , otherwise the project becomes more complex , Um our current customers are within the age group of forty plus , and new product should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty , And uh a last point , but also very important , our corporate image should stay recognisable in our products , which means that our uh corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design . according to our agenda it's then time to take a decision on the remote control functions . you said it should only uh work with one appliance ? Yeah . Only be used for television . Then it should have uh on , off , Standby options , the basics then by a volume , channel , one till two zero numbers on it , A button where you can uh change from one number to two numbers . because some T_V_s , if you press the t one and then the two , it be between five secs it make twelve , I think it's easy to implement a button with a s s what which especially do that , and that's that's not relaxed But uh all the television makes uh use of those button where you first press that button and then press two digits to uh to get new product should reach a market with customers that are younger than forty , Uh younger people have now , sixteen till to twenty five age , are f eighty one percent interested in L_C_D_ screen . But I think that uh that collides with our mission to make it very cheap . A touch screen uh probably uh even more . perhaps we should we should focus on that L_C_D_ screen . you don't know how much it costs , the L_C_D_ screen . I don't have any costs here , But if you would do an L_C_D_ screen do we have don don't you have any buttons ? for example um if you wanted the minimal uh use b uh buttons , such as channel and volume , you just h uh displays four buttons on the screen and it's possible to p uh press them down , just like a touch screen . we're going for an L_C_D_ screen ? I think it's the most easier thing , but also on the older , But he also said that we should not only focus on the younger people , and will they use it if it only has an L_C_D_ screen ? But our our our what's it , project requirements are the new products should be reached for new markets , to customers that are younger than forty . but market share fro for for forty years and younger is higher than that of sixty five and younger . if it costs gets too much , too expensive , then yeah , we should be sticking to rubber buttons . I think that that they will send you some information about uh the cost of L_C_D_ uh screens . if you uh you receive an email about that , uh can you post it in the But for now it's L_C_D_ . Okay . it'll look fancy with L_C_D_ screen . Yeah . They think it's ugly . When it has an L_C_D_ screen . Only thing you have to do is wipe the screen off once each time , to get all the fingerprints off it . what else does our remote need ? A mute button . The most important things on a f on an on an uh remote control are channel selection , volume con selection , and power s power usage . And a teletext , but that is not of the question . But shouldn't you put a button of for teletext on the for the people who want to use it ? and we could make an a a separate menu on the L_C_D_ uh screen for teletext . And other other less important things are screen settings , audio settings , and channel settings , they are less important , but I think they should be there , but in a sub sub-menu or something like that . Uh I think it's also important to uh make it possible to um how do you call it in English , uh , to not use batteries , Perhaps you should be able to to switch the control off . power supply is one of the most important things . If you have an L_C_D_ screen that's burns all the time I dunno . because I don't think people will like it who who uh that you have to turn it on first and then use it , so I think it's better when th the T_V_ shuts down , the remote shuts down . And go to standby mode when you don't use it , And maybe a low battery indicator ? On the screen . of put it in a recharger . Charger . So we are going for the for the recharger . I think the batteries should should w should work a lot longer than a couple of days , uh it should be uh a standard move to to put your remote control in the charger when you're done watching television , that's also a a a great advantage because you can't lose it anymore . But then you also have to s have somewhere where you can put a remo recharger near your couch because otherwise you have to walk a long way when you twoft want to turn on the T_V_ . just a cable , or a even a a a a a charger where you can mount it on . Something like that , Functional designs uh for the elderly uh you could make it possible to enlarge the screen , so make it possible to not uh display uh a button at ten points I think that this should be standard . Large button large buttons . And you said something about speech recognition ? also ninety one percent sixteen to twenty five , twenty six to thirty five years , seventy six percent , and thirty six to forty five , thirty five percent . twelve fifty , twelve fifty . I know let's do a speech . But they want to talk into the remo remote control , or something , I think an L_C_D_ screen should be suf sufficient . But when you look at the percentages but uh nobody knows uh how much uh it will cost uh . I think I think it's better to have L_ L_C_D_ screen , But would it be useful to imple implement both ? Yeah , if the costs al allow it . but how would you like to implement that , that you say volume up , and then it goes up , Certain systems already exist , I think . Then you also have to have different languages if we go international . But that should also be with f should be also with L_C_D_ screen . you can use icons it should be done . If it could be done , should be done . so we only do this when we have enough money left . I've written down an an on or off button , volume selection , channel selection , uh the digits from one to zero , huh . Um or from zero to nine . Uh a digits button to switch uh between one and two digits , mute button , a separate menu for teletext , a battery indicator . And uh the possibility to uh enlarge buttons or to have large buttons You also now have colours . Curved ? we could also implement a audio settings , screen settings and channel settings , but as sub-menus . so not too much teletext support , but in a separate menu , We could check the other remote controls with technical functions . Aren't we forgetting something very important ? wide screen , high screen , different things you have , it should be available , but then in separate screen settings or something . Channel settings . Or it could be possible to have a a standard version of the remote , an expanded version . and the buttons , should they have colours ? Colours I think the main colour of the remote control is uh the colour of the L_C_D_ screen . Perhaps you can uh make adjustable fronts , like with the telephones . make it available in different colours , you mean ? signal for las final five minutes . we're having a a general menu with the most used functions , uh teletext , screen settings , audio settings , channel settings , Or do we have any buttons ? On the remote . you only have channel button or volume button . So we don't have any normal buttons But that's also in the L_C_D_ , Maybe only the on and o on and off button . But isn't idea to use uh uh what you said , uh normal on and off button for the T_V_ , But a not as normal button , in the L_C_D_ , maybe there should be a separate button apart from the L_C_D_ , There has to be a on button on the remote , No you just tap I think . because uh when you touch the L_C_D_ screen when it is in standby mode , it should pop on . I guess if you use the L_C_D_ screen , you first have to search where is the on button , But if you have a normal on button on the on the remote , then you do the on , I think it looks a lot more fancy if you use uh if you don't have any buttons on the s on on remote control . So actually we're going to create a a button-less uh remote . No buttons at all . that's might be a unique selling point , huh for a remote . postpone further discussion to uh our next meeting , for now , we're having a lunch break , and then there will be uh half an hour for the uh next share of individual work . I will uh write uh minutes , if I can create them out of this . And uh put them in the the project documents uh folder . And here are the individual actions for the for the other roles . And of course specific instructions will be sent to you again by your uh personal coach . 