Uh , yeah . Uh , before we begin it , I want to say I've I've put the minutes of the uh second meeting in the shared folder , It uh it uh still some technical difficulties so the the first part of the minutes are very hard to read , because there are two documents that uh were layered over each other . But uh , from now on I won't use my pen anymore , so will be p just ordinary keyboard . Okay , when we talk about uh components design , um it's really about the material and the and uh uh really the stuff we build uh the remote controls of . Uh the properties of the case , um it has to be solid uh in hard material like uh hard plastic uh with soft rubber for uh falling and and uh uh yeah , it feels uh good in your hand . I when we use a rubbled a doubled curved case , we must use a rubber push-buttons to uh the the rubber double-curved case is a is a t uh three-dimensional uh curve in the in the design , which is uh necessary when we want to be trendy . Uh uh the basic battery , which I thi prefer because of its uh its non uh non-depending of of of uh um Uh here you have to have a hand uh yeah , kinetic uh energy . Mm , solar cells are also uh a bit weird for uh remote controls . uh I think that plastic is the is the best with rubber , because uh wood or titanium would also be a bit weird . Oh titanium is probably trendy , I think . Well , maybe a little bit expensive . uh the chip set uh and the board is uh all off the shelf . all the materials and the components are uh just available in uh in our uh factory . Um , another possibility . I uh yeah , I looked up on was uh the L_C_D_ displays . Could be uh something special to our uh remote control , and it's possible , but it only cost a bit more , Yes , maybe we can uh bri uh bring a couple of uh couple of types of uh I th I got an email with uh some examples and it these were were the most trendiest one . um , I still don't have any information about user requirements . I was thinking about just uh the basic functions and I got uh Oh , we decided upon that in the last meeting . Yeah , but but then wh I don't know when there are new user requirements . Well , tha I didn't receive any new requirements or somethi Well , I have here a couple of basic functions I could think of . these are the ones you already summed up in the Uh , I was also looking for what you said , for I got an email uh uh about uh L_C_D_ in in in front of the remote control . I don't know if that's a good idea , or maybe it's a little bit too much for twelve and a half . Production . I d I uh ju I was just thinking about it . Then I got a pop-ups to go to the meeting . But Um , yeah . Well , the functions are are not more to discuss , I think . It's it's just the base things we already discussed that the no V_C_R_ or that kind of But you do mention the next and previous uh button . Well , that's next channel . I mean next channel . And I um uh thinked of the button sizes and I'm not sure uh if they have to be big or uh just small Well , w when we only use basic functions , we have the possibility to make the buttons larger . Well , I think we already agreed upon the fact that the the the skip buttons and the cha and the volume buttons , th th those two have yeah , they have to be large . It puts an extra accent on the the on the simplicity of our remotes to j to make these two most basic functions extra big , like t uh personal preference I didn't have . Well , I've done some research again about trends on the internet . the most important thing is fancy look and feel of the remote control . The second important thing is uh innovative technology in the R_C_ . And uh the third point there in this uh order if of importance , the third point , is a high ease of use . The younger market likes uh Well , the themes of of this year are uh surprisingly fruits and vegetables and spongy material . Uh , catchy colours . uh I think the spongy material is is very irritating for the uh remote control itself . To implement some spongy thing , maybe we can do it in the in the docking station . Yeah , also a bit for elderly people who are a little bit crazy and want maybe want a little younger design but still the dark colour . But how do we use uh fruits and vegetables in Christ's sake with remote control ? No , but I I I think that uh our design already resembles so a piece of fruit . Yeah , but it that doesn't have to remind you , you know , like explicitly of s our f of a of a specific piece of fruit , but just , you know , like the the the the round curves . Well , w we can uh w we can we can produce multiple uh multiple things . And um , maybe , yeah , a b a banana is uh is n not easy for a remote control , but m yeah . yeah , I do like uh the f uh to the idea of making a a y uh , a catchy colour design and a d because I do I think a dark colour would be nice too . But pictures of fruit , vegetables vegetables Maybe it's too much , you know . But , we we have to um There have to be the the the the firm colours , our own uh colours has to be in it . But I don't think our our company colours are this fashionable . If this is our docking station , we can make our logo over here . do we want to um use an L_C_D_ display , for example ? Well , it's nice , of course . But I don't I don't know what to display on it . Maybe maybe we can make a T_V_ guide on it , for the channel you're on . Yes sure , but it it has to to show an entire title of a programme or at least a q a quite quite large part of it and then you get a very large L_C_D_ screen , because Yeah , but no . I do I think it's a bit redundant , actually . Well well what would you display on it then ? Uh , programme uh information or or or or g or a guide But you're already watching the T_V_ , you're not gonna watch your remote control . I really understand you want to make your job more exciting by putting an L_C_D_ in it , But I don't think a L_C_D_ display fits in that image . When when you put uh maybe a colour L_C_D_ t uh screen on it , it's very special and very trendy to have uh a remote control from well , I'm coming back to the costs again , but I think uh we gotta build a b pretty cheap design to to stay within our limits . and really , I don't see how the the L_C_D_ display is gonna add anything , you know , on a design level . Okay , we s skip the L_C_D_ display . The m material , I think uh it was a good idea to use the plastic and uh the rubber . Uh Maybe just bring it out in different colours , but not af that you can switch fronts afterwards , that's also too much . But is it possible to use both the the plastic and so uh soft things and t p titanium , as well ? But it it then it uh you can't throw it it . It will uh make a huge noise or break other stuff Uh , I think titanium nowadays is way more often used than plastic . On the other hand , if you want to make fruit fruity stuff with uh Yeah , but I I really like the idea of the the the plastic and the big kind of thing . But wha th our basic idea y I mean , you gonna we're probably gonna have like two type of materials , like the d d b the plastic uh enclosure and then the the pads that surround it . How many colours are we gonna give it ? Like two-tone colour ? T I think maybe the case itself should be in one colour and then the rubber of the buttons , and the cushions as well should be in another colour . Not more than two colours I think . It's a g a little bit too flashy . Th in that way we have like only the numbers , the power button , skip and volume , and then uh uh ten uh rem A mute and a teletext and a menu . I think the spongy thing already um comes forward in the in the in the cushions , pads and things on the s uh side . I think colours is very important , because it has to be flashy , but and but it d it doesn't have to be annoying , I think this is kind of fruity , you know . Just round shapes with uh Okay , well I think the meeting will be over within a minute . Well , you will read the minutes uh in the you can find them in the In the shared folder . because I'm will now type them out . You'll see in you email , I guess . What are we going to do now ? 