So these are the um last notes we I made . F You're going to show your pr prototype presentation after me . If anything doesn't look right , just say it to me then . Are we doing the the speech recognition ? Okay , but it's still possible uh uh financially . Okay yeah . Well then then we're gonna put it in . Or are we making a slide open , like underneath ? Slide open is uh quite usable for remote controls . It's may maybe uh a bit stronger as well . Yeah , we're gonna use the advanced chip then . No , you have a different chip for speech recognition . So Yeah , we just made a Word file with the basic elements . Simply a square with uh round corners . Uh the material should be hard plastic . Uh colour changeable , and also transparent . The functions are just basic . Mute function , on-off function , text functions . And the logo is over here , and the mic . So how many functions do you need for for uh the microphone ? Yeah , speech recognition . Um I didn't have a specification of that . But um I can imagine that you have to input your voice or something . Only one button to say it's on or off . Yes , you need options to configure it , and after that you don't need 'em anymore . Well we haven't had time to design that , the slide pad . I can imagine you need at least four buttons or something . So Um on-off buttons , text buttons , mute buttons are together and at a place they easily are , easy to find . Um the on-off button is a bit bigger , uh so it stands out . It's basically the be standard place for scrollwheel , as far as I know . It's uh twelve buttons . F the form well , we've taken that from the iPod , other popular technical device . Um we'll use hard plastic . Since that allows us to use uh two D_ buttons , uh non-rubber buttons . We have decided uh in the the channel buttons , there's a little uh colour around it . And also in the num-pads , there's also colour light behind it . Okay , maybe we use this button for the Okay , there is one uh function I use uh daily , and it's not on the basic functions . It's uh to switch to uh uh your Scart . Just just draw a second level one and say all options that are still left or something . And h how does the second level come out ? Uh it slides uh along ? Right , the video channel , Play Station , etcetera . That's used pretty often . So here are multiple speech buttons , I don't know how many . Uh menu buttons with arrows . Maybe one button to switch the colour of your uh LEDs ? Colour buttons . Yeah , maybe some uh some text next to the scroll wheel , that it is volume . There's one text button I prefer . That's the one uh that you use if you search for a page , uh like seven hundred , uh and it's counting from one hundred to two hundred , you will switch to your television and back to text . If you if you turn teletext on , you you set the seven hundred , and you turn it off , then the next time you turn it on , it still stays on seven hundred ? That's a functionality for the television . uh the remote can send like the the code for seven hundred , page seven hundred to the television . Th th th if you switch it on . And maybe we can write the numbers below or above ? Because um if you use it a couple of years , some uh sometimes the numbers on the on the buttons are slide away , Uh the buttons ? Uh from which material are they now ? I think uh you have that problem more often with rubber buttons . Yeah , I made some criteria uh , so we can uh ev evaluate our model . and we have to test the criteria from one to zero . We sh we we we can give it uh a number , and then we can give ourself an average for our And um we have to discuss about , if we give it a one or a seven . If it's really uh , if you can if you can get the iPod look , then it's beautiful , I think . The basic colours are black or green or yellow ? Maybe um company colours ? A bit a bit of yellow . Yeah , grey . Just dark grey I think . Changeable fronts , so ev for everyone for everyone it's something beautiful . Okay , just give it a two . The fancy look-and-feel . And we can change the colours , so that's uh really fancy I think . It's pretty cool . If you slide it open , it lights up . And th and the the normal backlights also not the buttons , but behind the buttons . I think it's one . Learnable ? Easy to use ? Uh it's it's very easy to use , but uh the second layer is not easy to use . And you on don't have to pay attention to that second layer . Because because I think I think the scroll wheel , uh it's very handy , but the first time you get this thing in your hands , it's not to use the scroll wheel . Then a two . New features . Techno technological innovative ? And the scrollwheel , backlights , slide . The speech function is new . and the slide . Uh I think the slide is pretty new . But then we also have the the home station . We are forgetting about that now , but Yeah , we didn't draw that too , but Okay . And new features , so we give it a two or also again a one ? No , just so it's still a two . Yeah , but did we reach , um with our uh style , the targeted audience ? You get the fancy things for younger people . And you get the the aesthetic things for older people . But we didn't follow the latest trends . Yeah , you could make a a front Like a a f banana kind of front . So we give ourself a three or something . Yeah , it is one point eight three . A perfect score . Okay , let's have a look at this one here , the production cost of it . Yeah , there are some that they didn't mention , because recharge is not on the list . So I think we are pretty much in the right direction , because it's twelve point three Euros . But but is it inc Does it include a a homestation or Can we make that for uh h twenty cents ? The b the button supplements , I didn't I d I was wondering if this special colour maybe was But this is expensive , the sample speaker . Is that uh included ? In the twelve Euro or It's kind of weird that we we get this information now , afterwards . So we can do the project evalu evaluation now for uh for everything together . Was there room for creativity ? Mm uh i Yeah , I think so . Yeah m If we got a high mark for um uh innovativeness or innovativity I think we uh discussed a lot of things about it . So Okay , so the leadership Just normal discussion , I think . Not one leader or something . Uh team work the third meeting I think that one was pretty hard . We were not all We were not um agree with every not agree with . Uh I think we we got wrong information at the wrong time . I think that was the m biggest problem . Like uh the prices . If we knew that before , we could have uh had discussion really uh s really quicker . But the teamwork was okay . Yeah , uh everybody could speak their uh opinion . I think uh everyone listen to each other . The smart board is okay . Digital pen is horrible . But if you want to download it to your computer , it's doesn't work . Well uh smart board would be very uh nice to work with , if it worked really well . Yeah , i if if it would be faster , it would be great . Yeah , the drawings are are hard to make , I think . Just old fashioned kinda blackboard style . But you might as well do it in normal computer style . So we made it in time . And we made a remote control . In the budget , yeah . New ideas found . I don't know what it mean . To gather , or to uh work together , uh or new ideas for Yeah , but still , you couldn't make a fancy a f you couldn't make a a prototype out of this . Because we don't have any sizes and Yeah , but it You can't possibly do that in such a short time , I think . Yeah , this this is just the idea phase , I think just I just write a final report . Guys , I think we have to finish the meeting . Fill in the questionnaire . 