We'll get your presentations again on the conceptual design . Alright , Trendwatch . It's very important that uh the control is fancy looking and good uh feeling . Um , technological technological innovations , that's uh regarded very highly too . Uh such as an uh L_C_D_ screen , uh speech uh acknowledgement , as we uh talked about earlier . Uh the last point is easy to use . Functional is not an issue , and then easy to use . Well we have to choose one of them . Well something fancy looking can be can be easy to use . So it must be very bright , very colourful . Fruit and vegetables are cool . Uh furthermore uh material , that's your part , should be very strong . Well the the handy thing about our fronts is that we can follow these trends e ev every year . Right , I am going to tell you something about the components design . Y Hard plastic i is of course uh pretty pretty tough , but it doesn't have a really really tough look . So Uh the buttons of course rubber , I think everyone agrees . Um under forty five years old . Uh they like soft materials uh with primary colours . Soft materials is of course uh agai again a bit a contradiction with uh our uh material choice of what you said , And also they like curved round shapes . Maybe you should have uh some some coloured titanium or something . So it it looks pretty but it feels strong . But solar energy is not very practical inside a house , And uh kinetic and and and dynamos are are not very practical , I think , for uh for a simple remote , And I also suggest uh as a shape uh a double curved case . Uh the disadvantage of that that you can use no titanium . Um f as uh for the buttons , simple push buttons . But we do use an L_C_D_ screen , so we uh we do have to consider uh of we have to use a more advanced chip , Um there are new developments in speech recognition um systems , Um it's not really speech recognition , and then once you uh talk to the remote , then um he will a answer with the the prerecorded message that you left . No it doesn't does not do anything . Well , as I said uh earlier I think the uh L_C_D_ screen should be uh positioned at the lower end of the remote . Um the buttons for screen width and general settings and uh and that kind of stuff um we can also do let that kind of functions um be shown in the L_C_D_ screen , uh instead of uh extra buttons . So you have a menu button , and then you can go up and down . But then we should also have an uh an Okay button . I suggest a banana shape . m Next year that's out . Those are the the cha the channel buttons of course ? And then below is the L_C_D_ screen ? Um the video button should be uh an apart button , But we need a we need a a recording recording button for the speech uh part . Or you can put in the L_C_D_'s uh window an option Get Out . if we decide to uh to implement that , maybe we should . Well the speaker and the microphone , I think , are the same uh little hole thingy . This is my suggested design . Um then let's have a look at the decisions we are going to have to make . And oh I think as you can see so , the L_C_D_ screen does look better uh at the lower end , or at the bottom . Yeah , fine . I think we should , if it's um possible , uh one with colours , but Nah th It's too expensive . Alright . You can make the the underside , you can make it more round , where the L_C_D_ is . So it f falls over the hand . I will design it , we design it later . Well a case ? Uh that's me . Yeah but the non-removable elements of the of the remote , so not the front , could be titanium , And then the front is made of plastic . And you can put that on and off , But the feel of plastic isn't strong . Titanium back , plastic front . Okay . but you know b Titanium is very basic colour , and it doesn't really matter if we have a purple front on it or a orange front . all the all the inside work of our remote is uh standard work . Uh the buttons are normal , etcetera . Um well we have our beautiful drawing . Well you can put that in uh into the shared folder , and then I'll put it in our end report . We can also uh implement um we can also implement fronts from um movies that are very hot . Yeah I think we can launch a couple of packages . Launch different lines at once . Well you can you can give them uh s s three or so , and that they want more . Yeah but you you can have some basic colours , yeah well I think we'll have to in the next uh half an hour , we'll have to uh s s specify the different uh types we want to launch , when we uh well introduce our remote . Maybe a a cheap voice recording . We all agree on that . Yeah . Industry designer , . User Interface , Mike . You're going to work together on a prototype drawing on the SMARTboard . Uh I don't know what product evaluation exactly means , but uh you'll get uh the specifications . Will we use uh round buttons or square ones for the for the numbers ? Yeah . Round . Well yeah . Um I think um a logo , our company logo , and the slogan should be or could be Uh I I'd say only the logo . Well , our slogan is not very long . But you can put it on the back , Right corner , yes . Ah the logo should be on the top I think . But the logo the logo shouldn't be exchangeable , when you get off the front . The logo can be on on every uh front . Yes , slogan from company on the back with logo and logo also on the front So uh a little corner of titanium . Yes , that also sounds uh pretty uh neat . I was thinking of something like uh well uh iron plate over it , Yeah , that's great . uh I uh suggest uh the basic battery . No uh otherwi uh no um difficult scroll things or some uh things like that , Can you draw it now ? When you want an other colour on the front , it doesn't match . 