this is our design . Uh it's pretty uh much uh like uh Mike draw uh drew uh the in the during the last meeting . We have of course uh the the round shape uh the round uh basic shape . Th So there's this part um which is made of hard plastic , the front . Of course for the launch we use the basic ugly colours , And uh we're we're using different colours . and the rest of it , the under uh the under side uh of it , yeah , the back side and the lower part of the front is of course titanium made of titanium , Um then we have uh on back on the front uh the logo in the upper corner , It's a double R_ . Yeah the logo I think oval will be better for the for the d for the different uh channel buttons . the the con the the the , yeah , the t volume and the channel controls uh in the middle here . Um um with kind of arrow shapes , we uh the Okay button's here in the middle of the of the operators , of the channel and uh volume um changers . And the video button . Menu for the L_C_D_ screen . And of course this low part , this is the L_C_D_ screen . And we thought about the logo big in the middle . And the company slogan , we thought in a kind of arc shape uh above the logo . the voice recorder is uh at the bottom . Well what what what I what I agree is that when uh when um you have such of uh an arc in the middle , so that the the a the ends and the fronts is a bit thicker , so th then it falls over your hands . And how large is it ? That's the question . Yeah , I agree with the L_C_D_ screen . And if you have it li in the middle , your hand might be over it . But you you hold it like this . Well f for as far as I can see , three of us agree Well the the Well that's a reason to to to put the L_C_D_ screen uh of course on the upper side , but For me , I I wouldn't buy it . So let it be like this at uh at this moment . I'm going to do uh the ev evaluation . That's gonna be done at the end of seven point skill criteria . So I made a I made a few questions on the hand of uh uh the impor most important requirements and trends . Uh the first question is , uh is the device good-looking ? So I think it's very good-looking Easy to change channels ? I think it's uh as easy as uh can be made . Uh The uh device is easy to find if you lose it ? Well we don't have the device that beeps uh when you lost it or so , R_ R_S_I_ sensitive ? Are there enough technology ? Uh well well a bit , Three . Are the trends about fruit and vegetables implemented ? Three , alright . Is the material attractive ? So I would say at least two . look at the costs at this point . My god . The sample speaker , Kick it out . Then we go to fourteen point six . Well well why why why should we use a advanced chip ? Well be for the L_C_D_ uh you had said . What's the difference between a simple and a regular chip ? but it wasn't very clear . Well , we could say , well this special colour , that isn't that that isn't there , because the the fronts they will buy it . The special colour . But we d Then we have to lose the L_C_D_ screen . Yeah , we need to have the the L_C_D_ screen . We can also make it flat . Yeah , this is actually two curves , yeah . No , it's one curve . W t we can never get uh below the twelve and a half . Well we make it more expensive to buy . Well , then we have two dollars less profit . If if you make people brand-aware , they are willing to pay more . Hey but uh I think you'll agree that uh that we that now we have this uh screen , it's it's very uh not practical to ha to consider this after we have designed the entire thing . Why why don't we replace the titanium with uh plastic coloured titanium , Th then you have a ugly , stupid , l ugly looking , dumb remote that that no-one would buy . I'll put in the report we that we think that fourteen point one is the l m lowest price you can make a remote for that's trendy d these days . I I'll talk to the managers . So we have to use the ditch the titanium , I'm afraid . But then we can add the special colour ? As we have money over uh left . Well I think uh the case is double curved then . Well y we have curves in all directions . So alright . but now we're going to evaluate our project , of uh project , are we satisfactory about our creativity ? I think it's terrible that we got uh those costs at the last moment . Well in in if we consider the costs then this is the best , yeah . and you had to dump all your creativity . Uh leadership Well it's It was very democratic . Well the managers were terrible . So , with their all their useless requirements . teamwork ? Well great I think . Uh well what do you , what did you think about the SMARTboard ? It was a complete disaster . That one isn't accurate . But I I think this is meant by the digital pen . Uh a green uh board with uh chalk is much more useful than that thing . And uh the digi the digital pen ? It isn't practical . Right . Yeah , it might be useful for drawings . I I agree on that . N new ideas found ? Well I missed uh the option to uh to email , Communicate in between . uh which is uh made uh which is also part of the back , part of the titanium uh titanium part . If if you look if if this this is thick , and this is thin , th th then it that it lies over your hands . But and only Nils 