Um first of all , um if you make minutes yourself as well , uh like Sebastian does , um could you put them on the shared folder ? Ease of use is important , but uh innovation is more important , and a fancy look and feel is uh even more important . And uh some fashion watchers have found out that the young target group likes fruit and vegetables in their uh clothes , shoes and furniture , and that they want spongy material . I assume they just want something colourful . Not uh specifically uh an apple as a remote control or something . the corporate colours are grey and yellow . Maybe soft material or something . But not a real sponge . maybe it rubber or uh like cell phones , exch exchangeable covers . You could make a few v very colourful ones , and uh a very traditional co cover . a few interface I uh I found on the internet are are these . but they're very advanced and very high-tech and just um , well , a weird um shape . But we could make uh a round uh an oval uh um remote control . Uh yellow . And what I'm thinking about , maybe um we should make very light but um uh a grip um I mean this is how you hold a remote control . There are there are also remote controls who have uh a little shape underneath where you can put your fingers in , in this um interface we can have uh high-tech with the voice recognition and uh , well , the the fancy colours and uh and so on , and still have the ease of use , We have the uncurved or flat case . Uh that's the most common uh remote con control form uh We have uh a curved one . Uh and we have an even more advanced uh shape , which is curved in three dimension . We can use plastic , uh which is the same for rubber , We can use wood and titanium . we cannot use the titanium on the double curve cases . And these latex cases , there's there's just the plastic ones uh won't allow the use of solar cells as an energy source source . we even seem to have uh hand dyn dynamos for uh powering our uh remote controls . Uh there's there's also a kinetic energy supply . I think um , if if I can hook on to that , um the kinetic thing is very funny . But if you're watching a movie , how many times uh you take the the remote control and and But uh the problem here is that it it supplies a a very little amount of kinetic energy . but maybe maybe there's a possibility com to combine it with m uh traditional batteries , because I guess the voice recognition feature u consumes quite a f uh a lot of power . And we of course have the traditional uh solar power , um of course we have the push-buttons and uh we also have scroll-wheels . And these scroll-wheels can also be integrated with buttons . Um uh in the indicators we have the L_C_D_ displays , we can just make four push-buttons in a form of a round . Yes . That is possible too . Yes . I can't see uh any uh scenario where you would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it . Um with uh maybe a channel selector . What about integrating a scroll-bar on this side ? Yeah , uh that's a possibility , There's no scenario where you use uh the button in the scroll-wheel . this is my volume button . And I can either on this side or this side um And click it to muten the device . So it might attract uh the young customers . it's it's been done years ago and I don't see it anywhere now . So in that case uh the volume button on the side uh of the remote control would be perfect . Yeah , yeah . Okay . Uh we have a simple , regular and advanced chip . And there is something like a sample sensor and sample speaker , Uh in the voice recognition you say a word you can programme words like uh v uh volume up . Of mute , let's say mute . and uh when you speak in the the remote control , it repeats uh your saying . It performs the action . d did we already decide on the display ? Especially when when we have to look at a cost , I don't think uh No . I don't think you need it . I thought um the market would like uh a sort m sort of titanium casing , but they seem to like natural uh stuff . Um I've chosen the more battery with solar cell uh solution for the energy . The kinetic thing it it's it's a possibility . but I'm I think you should combine it with batteries . it's maybe a bit too too flashy , So it it needs to be rubber . the younger people liked soft material . But they really need the regular chip , if you if you stick with the the simple uh straight-forward uh not curve design , i uh it's too dull . And um if you uh take the double-curved , uh then you cannot um you can only use the rubber buttons and you cannot use the scroll-wheels . But but do we want the curved uh uh design , So I think this is the best of two worlds . what about um the issue I um addressed at the beginning of the meeting ? Um the voice function w with the infrared uh issue . It's it's uh I uh I can imagine it's very dull to talk to a device w if you have to point to another device . But most infrared uh remote controls don't have to be pointed at all . it depends on your walls actually . Um I suggest we use the the sensor sample . Uh the sample sensor and sample speaker . Um with a with a regular chip . And and the scroll uh scroll-wheels . Yes , yes . And uh skip and skip the L_C_D_ part . Yeah . according to Ruud , the the the market likes um new flashy technology , Because if we do have enough um space in in our finance , I would say do integrate it , But we already have the scroll-wheels , the sp uh the speaker uh the speak recognition , the rubber , the fancy colours . Yeah . Okay , I I agree . Um then the corporate identity should be uh in the product . I guess that is something for Roo and Sebastian . Uh you talked about it before , the colours , grey and yellow . The next phase , um Sebastian , um is um the design of the look and feel . The user interface design . And for you , the product evaluation . Um and uh the I_D_ and the U_I_D_ need to work together on the prototype drawing on the SMARTboard . can you uh give us a summary of all uh decisions we've made ? The casing is curved , single-curved . Traditional batteries uh and solar . Yeah , with colourful rubber . What about uh the finishing of the case ? Uh if it's possible with uh different um covers , and I think we should use the company colours . Something like black and red . uh black and yellow . Yeah , although I don't think that's very colourful . Except for the yellow of course , It's quite modern actually . I was more thinking about the fruit colours that the Ruud showed us before . um you must have a red uh on and off button . Um so maybe it shouldn't even be two colours , it should be a full colour cover with such an image but uh I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on uh the device . The scroll-heel . Yes , the voice recognition we already decided . But there will be some additional buttons , I guess . because they're they're rubber too . Uh didn't did we inc uh include the digi digits or uh leave them to the speech recognition ? What I said in the in the first uh discussion , uh the digit six on the button , it will disappear when it's from rubber . 'Cause things like uh volume could be uh placed next to the button . So still then , if you feel uh li uh if you feel your remote control , you just rub on the cover , so you rub on the painting . What about um making this rubber and making this plastic ? we should have it the other way around , I guess . A plastic cover with rubber finishing . I'm I'm not so sure , I have to ask with manufacturing , Um I guess you two have to figure that out . We use the regular chip ? Regular . Uh I think our customers will go insane . So if you want the spongy feel , you need uh to make these buttons all all of rubber . 