Can you just remind me, I don't have to tick the no n okay thing until I finish writing, but it's only if I go back to it I tick okay again. Mm. Yep. So if I'm working o if I've done a page, I'm on the second page, I tick it so um I finish that page and I go back to this, I can just write and then not tick until I finish writing again. Yeah, so it's always after, n you never have to it before. Fine. Fine. And you can go on both sides as well. Okay. Well, I think the first thing is Well, the first thing I think is we need to uh sort out the call for abstracts or the c the call for titles, because I think that's kind of overdue. Yeah? Um so I volunteer to do that if you like. Um uh okay. So And I'll do that by Trying to think, what is it Thursday today, I'll d I'll do that by the end of the week anyway. So Yeah, we're gonna do that, but I think we should s probably send out um separate calls, okay. So we'll send one, but weren't men I mean we could mention the fact that we're inviting other people, but I think it will probably just uh I mean it probably won't matter too much to the other linguists that we're having other people there. We can mention it, but it's not gonna be too essential and uh we might actually just end up making them worry that, you know, they're gonna lose their place or whatever, because uh I don't know. But we do we do have to decide a priority thing, so that's something else we can look at um a little bit later down the line. So so that's the one for ling basically and I'll send that out. I'll do that today or tomorrow. Um now Claire, that's the other thing, she can deal with the Psychology. Um Psychology people, probably that's I reckon it's the best thing to do. 'Cause she'll know which email address to use and and everything else. So um if one of us could email Claire. Okay, yeah, so if Robert So i if Robert emails Claire and we're n gonna need to decide exactly what she's gonna say on there. Um we might need to just remind her of the dates in case she doesn't know, so she gets the dates right. Um And uh um she's I know she already knows that it's just anyone doing psycho-linguistics basically. So that's fine. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Um But then there's the rest of P_P_L_S_ and I think we need to decide whether I think she should just I think she should just write her own. Probably. And Okay. So what we'll do I mean the thing is the the main call will go out before she's got round to it anyway. So what I'll do is I'll copy it. I'll C_C_ her on the um No, they won't be. I just th the only thing I'm thinking is I want to make sure that it stands out as something applicable to them, that they don't go oh, we're just getting rubbish from y you know what I mean. I want them to really know that it's addressed to them. Um and the good thing about Claire sending it is she's probably got a psych email address as well and it it might look a bit more relevant to them. Yeah, exactly. They know her, et cetera. Um so yeah, so if if we've s if I've C_C_ed the original one, then you can tell her that that can be the basis for um the basis for her email, but just make sure that they know it's relevant to them, et cetera.. Um and obviously in P_P_L_S_ we've also got English language. Now in a way we could send out that first call to them, just as part of the same email, because I think they're more likely to think it was relevant to them. I don't really know. I don't really know what you think about that. But um I think we definitely should open it up to English language. Um I think particularly at the moment, 'cause they're really trying to sort of uh merge us into one subject area, even though it should be meaningless, because we're all part of a school, I think that it does actually make a difference. And so I think we should invite them, but then we've still got the problem of uh a priority issue. So, you know, probably what I was thinking is um certainly second and third-years absolutely need to be uh top on top priority. But then there's a kind of awkward question of where we put first-years, because they don't need to. If they want to, should they have priority? This is a kind of lower point but uh it kind of it crosses over with deciding what we're gonna do when we uh Well Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. It's three days. Right. The uh uh they were twenty twenty minute talks with ten minute uh question time, okay. And you can run two in a row, but probably not up to three. Two what do you think, two in a row or three in a row? Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean the thing is every time we have a break, there's a question of whether we actually serve coffee and biscuits and things, because that's the kinda normal thing to do. So are you saying have, say, three sessions in a row and then do that twice in the morning and twice in the afternoon? So that'd be six hours. Oh, so just have an hour and a half in the morning. 'Cause I mean would six hours a day be pushing it? Not necessarily, because I mean the good think is n Well I suppose what we can do is think about the structure now and say right, what's the maximum we can do? So I think that's about as much as we could do, to have an hour and a half, then have a coffee break, then have an hour and a half, then have lunch, hour and a half, coffee break, hour and a half. And so that would be eighteen hours of talks overall, wouldn't it? But what do we say? So it's th so it's twelve thirty six talks, is that right? Maximum thirty six. Um Okay, let's just put this down. Uh Well I could look 'cause I I've got that there's the list, isn't there, of post-graduates I maintain in in linguistics. Um there are probably about thirty on there. Um but a good number of them are first-years, and I don't know I mean just to get an idea, are you planning on talking? No. Are you planning, Robert? And I'm probably not. So there's a good chance that almost none of the first-years are gonna volunteer. Um so if we had say twenty linguistics and even then, I mean there are quite a few people who are abroad and who won't bother to turn up or can't make it or whatever. So, you know, it might be that we only get say fifteen anyway, and then we could be left with uh fifteen blocks for um the rest of P_P_L_S_. So at least we know that that we've got an absolute limit of about thirty-six talks, yeah? Um Yeah. Okay. And that's that's what uh the coffee breaks will be for, and maybe lunchtimes. But coffee breaks are probably more like ab or are gonna be a better time, because people will hang around, whereas people are more likely to go off somewhere for lunch, aren't they? Okay. Mm. So uh how long should a poster session be? Like how long will people want to mill around for looking at Okay. So that means we could have thirty talks. Plus uh one A_M_ or P_M_ of posters. Yeah? And we could probably get quite a few in there, at least six anyway. At least six posters, if you see what I mean. During the session, like how many can you have going on at once? Wall space and First years. No. I've been to Durham uh post-graduate conference and I mean every conference I've ever been to, the posters have always been in the coffee break, which is why probably, because normally they're limited on space and they Yeah. Well, I think keeping it um along-side the conference is possibly one way of maintaining interest and And uh Yeah, I think that's definitely the idea, I think the best idea. I can imagine it would seem a bit random just have like a poster session and bes uh yeah, just have a p a poster session um What would it be at the beginning? So I suppose it is it normally uh second years do it like just after they've come back for the s The That's what it would be, I think. It Yeah, but I d I don't think he means that it would be the first-years who've only just arrived would do a poster. That would be a bit odd, wouldn't it? Okay, so at least anyone who's feeling yeah, exactly. Yeah, I I might do, I d I still th I'm little bit doubtful. But um so that's good anyway. So we've got an idea. I think there's thirty talks and and say six, ten posters, whatever we can manage to fit in the room. Um so we need to look at we need to look at where we're gonna ho hold it. We could have it in B_ nine, but there's things all over the wall. There are those pictures that run all the way around, so can we take the pictures down? Can we use B_ nine for the posters for instance? Okay, so poster boards. And wha uh um what I'll do, I'll email Mits about that, okay? Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Okay. Well what we'll do is sa we can just say uh if you want to do a talk, then just say so, and if you want to do a poster, then say you want to do a poster. And we can sort of base it around that. And if we get absolutely tons of people wanting to do posters and we don't think there's a you know, everyone's kind of done it as a cop-out, then we might have to sort of say to them well, you know, would you consider doing a talk instead, because uh particularly the second and third-years, because we need more talks, and just, you know, do it like that. Um we could even say something like um you know, first-years might want to give a poster or something like that because I don't know, maybe that's a bad idea, but Yeah. Okay. Okay, so we got some sort of idea of the structure and how many talks we're going to be able to have. I mean w Yeah. Okay. So I've uh Okay, so English language um we'll put on the main call, and I'll just I I'll just kinda market it as an linguistics and English language or something like that, I think. Yes, and Informatics, we could think about it as well. So I had a look at whether they do philosophy of a language and logic and stuff here, and they kind of do. There's about there's about three or four uh full-time members of staff that list um philosophy of language as a major interest, so chances are they're gonna have some P_H_D_ students that uh are interested. So do we think we should invite them? I think I'd be surprised if we got sort of four out of them. I think that would be amazing if we did. So I think it's probably worth I don't think we're gonna get inundated with requests. So I think it's worth asking them. Yeah. I mean I think the Informatics are definitely worth asking. Uh th there's there's C_S_T_R_ and um H_C_R_C_. Yes. It is. Yeah, it is. It Yeah, well it would be nice to that. It would be nice it would be nice to do it. The thing is we can't afford to bias it towards any particular kind of linguistics in a sense, because it's such a Because of the way our department is, then we're supposed to sort of embrace all kinds. In fact, even by inviting um people from um Informatics and from or maybe from Philosophy and things, it might bias it in a particular direction. But I don't know, it's probably not too bad. I I think that I think that between Philosophy, Informatics and um Psychology you've probably got quite a lot of breadth there anyway. Um the thing is uh the one thing is the only kind of people doing anything like applied linguistics are the applied linguists themselves and people in sociology with an interest in language. And I don't think we'd be inviting them. But I don't think that's too bad, because the first thing is there's a good reason for inviting everyone in P_P_L_S_, because we are in one school. And then the fact that we also invite people from the Informatics, I suppose it's just that we do have pretty strong ties with them, and I don't think anyone would be too offended. I hope not anyway. Um so yeah. So what kind of provisor can we put on? I mean we could we could just say outright anyone in their third year or anyone in their second or third year. But I don't know. Or we can just, you know, t uh take whatever we get and pick the best between us, which is Y yeah. Yeah. So So you're going to email Claire. Um so who wants to send something out to Informatics? Yeah? Alright. Yeah, sure. Um so Yeah, so what you want to say is anyone who wants to give a talk on logic or philosophy of language, um but put a warning that if it's logic, then there's a good chance that no one will understand, or not that many. I mean maybe just maybe if you just put Yeah, just put philosophy of language. That's that's probably good. Or just or any ph Yep. Yeah, that's it. That's what you do. Yeah, that I think that's as much as we need to say. That's right. So uh you've gotta work out how to do that and who to email. Mm. Yeah, that's fine, that's fine. That's what you wanna do. Um as long as it's clear from the subject bar that it's relevant to them and that it says somewhere that for Philosophy students with an interest in language and and that's it. And then between us we'll have to have another meeting and and I mean at the same time as we're sorting through all the other titles and and deciding um how to divide up the sessions. See someone suggested to me that it's actually better to have talks on a similar topic spread out as much as possible, which to me just seemed absolutely crazy. And the reason she gave me was something to do with uh taking out like a whole day or a whole afternoon would be quite difficult, but I think that balance against the fact that most people want to be able to say well look, I can have just this one day off, as opposed to when I'll need an hour over three da you know, an hour each day for three days. It you can end up having to take three afternoons or three mornings or whatever off. So I think in general, and also for the sake of the lecturers Uh I think a lot of the time Simon Kirby has already said to me that anyone any of his students he wants to be on the first day, on the Wednesday, right, and that's because I shifted it I basically had it on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday to begin with, and then eve it moved down twice to Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. So Wednesday is the only day left that he can make. So Yeah. So and the other thing is um when we get some calls say we have uh for instance three people supervised by Bob Ladd, then it might be that then we are gonna have to uh contact Bob and say Bob, these three of your students are gonna be talking. Um presu presumably you want to be there. So can you give us a time that would be good for you? And then we can put them in a block at one time. 'Cause he says yeah, okay, Thursday afternoon I've got completely free. So I think we do need to stick everyone together, uh particularly if they've got the same supervisor. And it's also good if talks are on the same topic for a whole morning or a whole afternoon because then people will come along and go oh, this morning it's all on phonology or this morning it's all on applied linguistics. And then Okay? As much as possible anyway. Yeah. Now we need if I'm gonna send out this call, uh we need a deadline for titles. So Um what should we say? Something like 'cause we need a deadline for titles and a deadline for abstracts. So let's set the the latest deadline, the the uh the the sort of abstracts deadline first because we need to have a meeting, and that's gonna be when all the real work starts. So what's the absolute latest? I was think I mean maybe the end of End of March might be okay. Uh I'm going away for two weeks on the fourth of April. And then I'm coming back just in time for the conference. So any organising, at least stuff where I need to be where we need to meet physically has to be done before that. I tell you one thing. Uh it's starting on the Wednesday, and the first day back is Tuesday. I think I'm coming back I'm trying to get this right. Hopefully I'll be back in time that we'll be able to do something the day before. 'Cause I think I'm gonna be back. Might even have to come in in the evening. But that's not the end of the world, but we might have to set some things up. Like maybe just get the chairs organised or whatever. We might actually have to go into the rooms and get things ready. And there's gonna be other things like getting the technology ready. So not only is there a pressure to have uh talks that are on a similar topic together, but also if people need the same kind of computer set-up, it's good to have them together so we don't have to keep changing it. So Because I th I think it was Cedric has already offered to do whatever we need him to do. But he just needs to know in advance what people need so that he can be there and and get it ready for them. So I think when people Well, hopefully most people will d either have something like PowerPoint or they'll just have uh P_D_F_ slides or something. Hopefully, no one will have anything too specialized. S sh z Yeah. Yeah, it's got a lot in there. But I think it does take a little bit of I mean uh I think sometimes maybe people need to be in Linux rather than Windows and so booting in and out m is sometimes an issue I think. Um But I think what we should say is when I put out this call, I'll put both deadlines, and I think I'll say that when you send in your abstract, you need to mention that any technology you intend to use, so that at least if we have all the information Yeah? So um so deadlines. Um, okay so let's think about this. If if we gave them a whole month or just over a month, then that would be okay, wouldn't it, because we've still got Oh no, it wouldn't be okay at all. If we gave them the whole month, that'd give us hardly any time. So if we gave them say till mid-March, that would be good. So give them something like give them something like ten days or whatever to get the title in, and then give them a week on top of that to get the actual abstract done. And the abstract doesn't have to be much, it's probably only half a side of A_ four or something, isn't it? Just enough that we can see whether it's interesting or what kind of area it fits into. That's all we really need. Um see ideal ideally I would've liked to have given them a bit longer. But I think w That will be okay. Okay. So unfortunately I don't have a calendar. Um so let's just That's true. No, it's I think it's okay when you're not writing on there. Um so So Uh Thirty one oh no, it's twenty eight this this month, isn't it? Two, three, four. So if we have it like a Monday, Monday the fourteenth'd probably be quite good for the final deadline. And then um if I send it out tomorrow, we'll say something like the el Or maybe the fourth would be good. So give them a w yeah, a week for the title, and then they would have about ten days from then to actually get the abstract in. Does that sound reasonable? Just put it here, yeah? The eleventh. A bit earlier. So I'm saying a week from when I send it out That would be a week anyway. That would be a week anyway, but you can give them ten days to you can give them ten days to get the title, or you can give them it depends which way around you wanna do it. So what's gonna take them longer actually to decide what they're gonna do and send the title, or is it gonna be on the basis of the title, do they want more time to write the abstract. So give them the seventh, yeah? Okay, so So Monday the seventh is the title. And this presumably will apply across the board. Like um And Monday the fourteenth for the abstract. Well we we kind of have. I d uh we were given The only thing is acce is accessing the account. They can send it to P_G_C_ at ling as long as we can get the Wh I'll tell you what I'll do then, I'll go and see Mike th today and and get the password and everything. 'Cause we possibly have it, but I'll just sort that out with him. Because if we're gonna tell everyone to email P_G_C_, then we have to make pretty sure that we can actually access the account and that it's operational and stuff. 'Cause uh so far I've just been using my own uh email address. But it would be better it's quite easy to send f from an email address. 'Cause you can send from any email address you like. It's just the fact that you need to p uh it's just the fact that when they reply to it, you need to be able to uh access it. So I already tried it once, and I'm sure they gave us a password. And I even I even actu Oh well, that's it then. No problem. That's it. So does i I mean it You may already know, but the thing is if you want to send this call for abstracts, you know, when you do the philosophy and and thingy one, then if you want to send from P_G_C_, then uh I mean you might already know, but you can go f if if you did it from web-mail, you can just create a new account for yourself and where it sa it actually has a send from address, and you can just put P_G_C_ at ling dot and just do it that way. Uh or depending on your normal email client, you might be able to do it, but it doesn't matter too much. The the the other thing you could do is have is just fill in the reply to address as P_G_C_, depending on what you wanna do. But that's what I'll do. I'll send it from P_G_C_, so if anyone replies, it would just go to that account and any of us can access it at any time. Presumably, you can access from web-mail or, you know, or I_ MAP or whatever. Yeah, if you want to to create a web page and just copy my email into it or something, and anything else you might wanna do, and then later on we can put the uh the programme in. So um Okay? It's not quite it's p two or three minutes to. You you got something for two, haven't you? Right. Okay. So very quickly then, can we arrange a new time to have a meeting? Do you think we need to how long do you think until we need to meet again? Have we got enough to be getting on with. We probably have, haven't we? So I mean maybe m I mean ideally I suppose we'll meet again here. So we can with Melissa and we'll just send out an email. Okay? Yep. That's fine. Yep.
So if you've um if you're back to a page, then you tick it again to leave it for the second time. I don't believe all this stuff. It's just amazing. Mm-hmm. Right. Fine. Yep. And um you're gonna was it your idea to stick the bit in it where you say um uh, you know, you're we're inviting like from quite a wide audience we give priority to linguists? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Is it was that a volunteering yeah, or great. Yeah. And that should kinda take care of itself as well. If she just sends one round around to everyone, then only the psycho-linguists will say what was for me. Mm. I mean 'cause I can't imagine there'd be an essential difference really between the Right, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Well do we have um a d an idea of how many people were gonna actually have at the whole thing? Any kind of because then it because seems to me it could be quite obvious. Then we just subtract the number of second and third year students and then everything else is just I'd I would favour doing it just on a first come first serve basis. But I mean if we're like so, mean, we were gonna do this thing for um I can't even remember, was it two or three days? Okay. And so how many how many posters and talks are we gonna actually gonna get in? Mm-hmm. If you do two in a row then that's an hour, isn't it? Um and then give it a twenty minute break perhaps. Or Would we get that many people wanting to give talks? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. How many second and third year um students are there? Right, okay. No. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. We're also gonna be having posters, aren't we. And I should imagine that most people would rather do a poster than give a talk. Uh yeah. But w wouldn't we want to actually just like dedicate an afternoon or a morning to being a poster session? Mm. Yeah yeah yeah. But um people kinda like generally sort of sort them out themsel that sort that out themselves. Um I mean it's the thing about posters, unless you kind of say, you know, if your name is in the first half of the alphabet you can move and the other ones can't. I'd make it a whole morning or a whole afternoon. I mean the ju just because like ones that I've been to as well, um people tend to kinda come and go from them. Um I don't know, I mean I I I'd say a whole either a whole morning or a whole afternoon um at least. But that's just ju I mean just based on the ones that I've been to. Mm-hmm. At least six. Oh right. Okay, yeah, yeah. Um well that's just kind of dictated by the size of the room really, isn't it? Yeah. I mean would we have poster boards or is it just gonna be posters on the walls? They did it like um I ha I should have found this out. Are you guys second years or first years? You're both first year. So n so none of us have been to this before. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think so. Oh you mean um uh w on the October thing? I thought uh well, it seemed to me that he was saying that everyone would do it ju because its goal was to give the new in-take uh idea of Oh no no no no yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Um well we should find out if um generally they use poster boards, if there are some poster boards that we can get ahold of, then that's alright. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Well the maximum. I mean I guess that that will evolve uh when we get a response from people, perhaps. But that's fine, isn't it? So we've got three days. Mm-hmm. And is the the other main group then um philosophy? Oh yeah. Mm. Mm. Philosophy. And do you think inf Informatics would Mm. I mean I'm thinking that the Informatics potentially is quite a big response. Um Oh right, cool. Um Would we wanna ask them and put some kind of like provisor in to make it um specific to sort of preemptively um weed out the numbers or should we just say to them oh, you know, we're having this thing about language and, you know, if you got something you think about language, come to Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, let's just do that. That's seems most straight-forward. Yeah, just So so if you just send them a general thing saying the Linguistics Department's having this conference and would like to invite post-graduates from the Informatics. I'll do that. That's fine. And should I get in touch with Philosophy as well? No one will understand. Yeah. I mean no, you if I just send them a thing saying the Linguistics Department is is having um a postgraduate thing, so if you're a Philosophy student with um you know, and your work has got an interest in language, then Basically what I was thinking was um just sending them your call for papers and ch changing it slightly to say dear Philosophy students. Mm mm. Mm-hmm. Oh I see, right, he wants them there because he so he can make it. Okay. Yeah. Mm, yeah, and I think Yeah yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. What kinds of things do you think people are actually gonna need? Like Mm-hmm. I mean if we do it uh th hasn't B_ nine got all of that? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm. Mm-hmm. You're gonna send that pan pen crazy. Mm-hmm. Why not just give them a week to do the abstract? I mean I'm just thinking about um Oh no no no, I was s I was saying ju just give them a bit longer to get back with the title. Say get back with the title by the seventh. Or do we need ten days to go from Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. And we've got they we've got an email address for them to send all this to, haven't we? Or what was it? Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm, cool. Oh right, yeah. Oh, so am I. Is it five t is it almost two? Oh, my microphone fell off. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I mean that's just um Yeah, and uh that that would be cool. Okay, so um I mean I won't get in touch with Philosophy. Or I won't send anything to Philosophy and Informatics till I've got your email. 'Cause I'll just tell 'em a modified version of that. But I'll try and get a good address to send it to. Alright. So that was a note. And I'm okay. Alright, we're finished.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, right. Where should we start? What have we got? Mm-hmm. Yeah, right. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. I thi separate course is good idea. That's Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah, when in doubt. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right. But the the text for the actual call, is she going to re-work something or uh she should Mm-hmm. I think she might be glad to see kinda there linguistics to adapt. That's always quite helpful. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Ab Not certain anyway. They know her. That's that thing. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I don't think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I w well let's send out the call as soon as possible, see what reactions we get. And then See if we have to put on some restraints. Let's see. Mm. Up to three, but don't exaggerate, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I'm thinking if we go for say I'm thinking uh slots of one and a half hour each. So three lectures each, that would be uh three per day times three will be twenty seven. Mm-hmm. Once in the morning, twice in the afternoon. Yeah. I mean or twice in the morning once in the afternoon. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I was about to say, poster session is a good idea because just the people presenting the posters are there and can say something about it. Actually there's always the problem again then the people who are presenting the posters don't get around to go and look at others' posters. But let's see about that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Do we have any information on this? First years. Oh. Actually, we have a message here from Mits about the poster session. Poster session was introduced in nineteen ninety nine as part of the main conference. In two thousand it was held separately in October. The intention was to use it as a way to introduce incoming post-grad students to the department's research culture. However, I did not pursue this idea the following year because the comments I received from students in two thousand were generally discouraging. On the other hand, I later learned that some students did find the October poster session quite a useful experience. My suggestion therefore is to re-examine the idea of poster session altogether and find a better way to implement it if there seems to be enough interest in it. Mm. Yeah. Last sentence. One possibility is to put it back in the main conference and let people choose between a paper presentation and a poster. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. But a poster I might do. Mm-hmm. All these dead linguists. Mm-hmm. Um write into the call that we are considering the idea of having a poster session. So people can indicate would they prefer to give a poster or a talk. But the ultimate decision is on our side because we have to see how it does it work out with the poster session, how does it work out with the talks. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Just throw a general suggestion at them. See what happens. I think they do. Still Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, might be interesting stuff coming in. Read something recently about I think somebody's Masters project to look in how far English is actu uh or in how far English is a shaping influence on programming languages. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of Yeah. Or some some relevance clause. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Kind of a relevance clause. Mm-hmm. Adjust. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think that's So far it's just a general statement of interest, what we intend to do. What we actually get to do we'll see later when we have the stuff. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Two weeks ahead of End of March. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and I will be away probably until Easter. So this actually means we have the week directly after Easter between my coming back and you leaving to get the stuff done. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. In my experience what you usually should have is some kind of um, what's it, over-head thingo um beamer. In some cases we might if it's really tough, we might be in need of a of some sound system to play recordings. Should be there, yeah. Adjusting. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Nah. No way anymore. Mm neither do I. Mm-hmm. I could create us another calendar. For the title deadline? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh f I think if they're really serious to be a bit late with the title might not be bad, because it will help them to Yeah. Yep. Yep. Getting access to the uh to the account. Blah blah blah blah. Yeah. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. We've got it all written down. Should I take care of the web page? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. No. Not quite, but almost. Yeah. Um Mm-hmm. I think latest s soon as the call is out. Because then we have the call thing, we have that away and look at the boar organisatorial stuff like uh Do we know about chairs, tea, and stuff? Okay.

