Right. 'Kay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. He has had it certainly. Yeah. Yeah, he's been emailed it while ago. Now he's gone. Oh really? Excellent. We should have these things in our area. You know, we don't have high-tech things. Well, I guess there's telescopes, but that that's that's different though, isn't it. That's not no. Yeah, that's right, although you oh it isn't actually used all that often these days, I think. Gosh. Right, aye. Right. Gosh. And you miss all the the body language and things. Yeah, yeah. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Oh. Right. Gosh. Yeah. Yeah. That's very artificial though, isn't it? Yeah. Not very sensible. Yeah, right. Yeah. That must be really weird. Is there? Gosh. Yeah. Gosh. Well Mm-hmm. Great. Do you think? Sorry, I I shouldn't intervene probably. But well the um isn't it that if um it's a region of the spectrum that's u and we can point at it. And then it is a sp a sp spectral f f feature, and that isn't You think? Okay, alright. Okay. Okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a feature. Um because in the s sp spectrum it does that and it does that. So it yeah. That's that is where it breaks. So yeah. Oh, you want to s split that one and, do you, into two? Yeah. Yeah. Uh I'd agree with that, I think. Yeah. Thanks. But if it had been there, um you would've had it as a feature. Yeah, because you haven't actually listed explicitly um that you're not going to include it. L line ratio is after abundances. So Oh, I see what you mean. Um Well No. Yeah. Um Well, I mean you could look at this this spectrum and spot that um th L Lyman alpha has been damped.. That is a n spectral feature. Oh yeah. No, that's true. Different redshifts. Yeah yeah yeah, that's true. Yeah, but But you're guessing in a way though, aren't you? So Mm that's a that's a tricky one, certain certainly. Wouldn't you? Wouldn't you have all of it? Right, well th yeah, th that's in the the manual. So I g I guess it is. I And that it is altering the spectrum, isn't it? I mean is a ch change in the s spectrum of background objects. Uh is that right? Yeah. No. Yeah, I think so too in that M That's actually an ionic species, isn't it actually? Not a a spectral feature as such o on its own. No. B b why aren't you marking it then? Uh-huh. Well, that's p what I'm p pondering really. Um Yeah, but this is um species of cloud, it's a p a particular species of cloud, not just a general cloud, isn't it? So isn't that different? Okay, th Then I guess not then. Yeah. And But it's in this s sp sp sp sp spectrum of another object though. It it isn't the spectrum of the clouds. Yeah. That is true. Uh and he could point at it, that's true, and say that is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah. I'm not sure actually. I th I think I would mark it. And And that it It is a region of the spectrum and they're actually using a region of the spectrum as the data. Um But if you both want not to mark it, then fine, don't mark it. Mm. Right. You have to s speed up. We'll go p could be here all day. Well I y Yeah, I don't think you can. Yeah, uh I don't think that's a feature. Really? It's a process, isn't it? Well Isn't that a process? It's a process, isn't it? Well it I wouldn't have any of it, I think. I think all of that is um just that is process. Isn't it? Yeah. You think? Um You don't think that it Actually is abundance really in a way. I'm not sure. But I'm not sure. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Uh i Well, but it Isn't this an elemental um abundance that you estimate actually using a number of lines? Is it it isn't just one discrete line in the spectrum, is it? B I'm not sure. Well if you t Two is an ionic species and it'll have a number of Lines in the spectrum, and you'll uh estimate On the abundance all of the s species actually use the old lines. They haven't been if it's yeah. I think so, yeah. Oh well, what's new. Okay. Well, then have it in. Yeah, yeah, okay. What does that mean? Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Sorry, what's the I can't see. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't I think now probably. Well H_ L_ was a line there really, isn't it. So Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah, exactly that. Yeah, exactly that. Yep. Technique. Yeah. The network is an instrument though, isn't it. It It's E_V_N_, isn't it? Well it Isn't all of This is an instrument if you have it all, isn't it? I think so. Yeah. But um Which it is, uh I think. That's what I think. Oh, I think it's uh um s s s starting with um Eu European I think. Uh yes. Just in Europe. But it's actually Merlin and all the i um international logs in Europe, all hooked up into one instrument basically. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Did you? I thought it was a process and that it it wasn't included. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Well I would argue about that,you see, because I think that I mean th that you only extract that after you actually model a sp spectrum, don't you? Yeah. But, have a component though as such. Yeah, g um c Yeah, that's that's what I'm thinking, that It's actually really um after you actually model the s a spectrum, not just actually looking at the spectrum. Yeah, you think? Y Yeah. Yeah, but um component it is m means it's an element actually in the model though. Well uh The excesses, yeah. But um the component isn't. I think I would. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I I think actually pretty early on I'd have thought Where are they? Uh only just i Interesting because on the hour it yeah. No. No it is yeah. Well people do though, don't they? I mean it's pretty s stupid, but they do. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. If you're having ultra-loom this early on, then I think you have to have here. I don't think so. But t y are you arguing not to have anything with object in it though? So there goes And you s speed it up as well I think. So
And something to fidget with. Okay. See On your marks, get set, go. Such a long time since I've done these. At the beginning we did. Um we did a training set, didn't we, and then compared to see we probably did. And supposedly decided on things. And then we did th all the rest of them separately. Yes, I think. Okay. Yeah, but you convinced me. No, that's true. Mm-hmm. It's the length of it really. But we had That's really hard, yeah. Mm-hmm. No. Yeah. And we we had a manual, which we haven't got here. Do you reckon if we get a copy, would that be useful? Are we allowed to leave the meeting now it's started? Can we get Ben to print us out one? Mm. Okay. Yes, now we're moving with the headphones. Yes, he's he's been e emailed it, yeah. Otherwise we can go onto our system and get it. Yes. Let's say something rude. I oh. top. But no, how little work we did. I'm doing that at yes. Yeah. They have got a conference thing, haven't they? In the A_T_C_. I had to fly to Germany to do a teleconference, the same as you did for the interview. And they fly you to Germany and put you on a four-way teleconference with three people in Chile. And had they asked, we could have done it fine at A_T_C_ and saved me having to to go to Germany for a day. But they haven't got that far. Mm. And mine was even it was different again. W we had it was a four-way split screen with me and three other people, and it just stayed like that. And I had the talk on a laptop in front of me and they had the talk on their laptops, and I had to tell tell them when to press the button to turn the page. It just Yes, if you see towards the top left of the image, you'll notice And luckily Olivia had warned me it might be complicated, and so I had something with without very many um n not little flying in and things, because that would just make it really difficult. But I practised the talk, yeah, standing up in front of it and pointing to things, and you're sitting down in front of And you could see yourself, but not only could s you see yourself, you see yourself bounce back two seconds later. By the time the signal had gone to Chile and back. So you're like oh, did I just do that? And then you reacting to what you did a while ago. It was a really daft situation. Lovely. And then we can start fighting about Yes, let's. Continuum flux or continuum. Mm. Yes. Flux on its own wouldn't be a spectral feature. I think it should probably just be continuum. If it was continuum luminosity, you probably wouldn't it. Ooh. Okay, it's my part. Oh. I think I think we've worked Yes, and I'm pretty sure I'm bottom anyway. So even on one we can tell. 'Cause I would fight for line being a spectral feature as well. It's a bit hard to mark on this. Let's do that. The ones we want. Yes. And if neither, then we'll have to put something else. And I think you're probably right, soft component is a spectral feature. Ooh. Well, if you don't No. Yeah, go ahead. Mm-hmm. Pi You can point to a soft component. Yeah. Is it? Uh, now is a feature part of spectral feature? I think you're right there as well. 'Cause it it's not just absorption. But it's not just absorption point five K_V_. It is actually something in the absorption that you're seeing. If it was a a dip in absorption or a a lack of absorption, you would put it in, because we said we would put describing words. Mm-hmm. you would get a pencil. That's two. Ah, there's one with the equivalent width. I think you're right that we we weren't gonna mark the equivalent width, but we were gonna mark the lines. Broad line. And that should be a And nebulae. As a source type. I can't remember. Should we see when the manual comes. So let's come back to that one. Um Yep. I what we're doing about that either. Select a Yeah, that seems reasonable. Yes. Um Breaking the power law index, I think that's probably a you can point to it, but equally it's not a it's something you've derived. So what's a breaking a power-law index? Mm-hmm. Yep. Okay. Slight depression of the continuum near the Lyman limit. I think you're right there as well. But we're supposed to say w Yeah, i if it was absorption at H_ alpha, that would all be one. Or absorption at five thousand nanometres would all be one anyway, because it was at a certain point. But this is near. Yeah, I think you're right. It's it's near rather than at. It's not. Let's mark that then. Yes. Is that K_ clear? Oh.. Mm absorption. Yes, and you're right there as well. Tell you who's more awake at this. Mm-hmm. An absorption feature. Thank you. There is no steep soft component but our two K_V_. Mm. Yes, you could. I tend to miss out things if they're too long. Um You would point to it. Yeah. Yes, I think you're right. Should we go back to number five? But yes, nebula. Mm-hmm. I think it does. We weren't matching a H_ two regions, because it was a region I think was the argument for that. Line again. Line in ratios. But I remember we weren't gonna mark line ratios, but we were going to mark 'cau we're here where you've got equivalent width of H_ beta orbited. Ratio is different I guess. Mm. I guess it's similar. Don't include Is that the value or is that the word? Don't it in include the derived property? You wouldn't include line in that? Okay.. The one to keep, yeah. Damped Lyman alpha absorbers, I think that's a spectral feature even though it's You wouldn't mark the source type. Here. Yes, because we don't want it underlined. It shouldn't be highlighted. So. Yeah. M Mm-hmm. But it's also a I i if we have But th but you also absorb them by Y you observe them by their spectral feature. What were we doing for things broad absorption line quasar for example. We were marking the broad absorption line as well as broad absorption line quasar. So I think it should be the same as that. If it's defined by a spectral feature, we should mark it. Here. You could point to damped Lyman alpha though. Because it says here, spectral features we're now referring to a type of source, E_G_ quasar. Um not a bis specific type of source, but I think still the the spectral feature ge counts, even though it's m a modifier of something. What do you reckon, Bob? How does it work? I don't know what which doesn't help. Mm-hmm. Y ye But that doesn't mean that it's you could still say that's damped Lyman alpha and that's damped Lyman alpha. You could say all of that is damped Lyman alpha. But isn't that j always the case with something that's not particularly Mm-hmm. It it if it was if it was some other spectral feature and then absorbers, would we mark it? But But we include modifiers of source types we would mark. We're not marking absorbers. But if it was a damped Lyman alpha quasar. then we would mark quasar and we would mark damped Lyman alpha. If it was broad absorption line quasar, we'd mark it. Yeah. So it's just I guess whether damped Lyman alpha is a spectral feature in itself. Which I would probably say it was, but then I've never looked at i one. Mm-hmm. It doesn't have to be something that's specific. I guess y you know, we we say a uh big blue bump or a soft or a continuum. And we include those. That true, but w we have included c power law though. Well no, we included p steep soft component, sorry. And here we included breaking the power law, because of the break. Mm-hmm. But there's still some degree of fitting and it's steep, you're saying. You know, what's steep and what's shallow. Let's have that for now then. You if if we change our mind later when we go through, we can always come back to it and say Yeah, you're right. And absorption again. Right, what have we got different here? Hmm. It's Yeah, it's that one and this one here. Oh, we were including feature within spectral feature. Okay. I think I just missed it. I think it's not as if it's a although it's four widths half maximum, it's still the s the line within it. Silicone two is an element rather than a In this context. Rather than a line. These are the lines. I guess what you w If wasn't in there, then you'd have it silicone two lines at but without with the I think that means silicone two derived from these two features. Okay. Mm. Lyman alpha forest clouds. Lyman alpha forest you can point to on the spectrum. So we haven't basically, we just haven't got a a rule for spectral features within or referring to s types of source when we're not bother marking the source. So are we marking H_ two and H_ two regions, for example? Oh, that's true. But b yeah, but I guess it's not it's not defined by a spectral feature though, H_ two region, whereas Lyman alpha forest is defined by the definition of Lyman alpha forest clouds is that they have Lyman alpha forests. But someone's l someone's looked at that spectrum. I don't think we were making diffuse diffuse emission or Um Hmm. Mm. It's a modifier of of clouds, but I don't th don't think if we're including the I think if we're not including nebula and clouds, we can't include Perhaps we should've done. But we haven't done for the whole thing. So I think maybe we just need to put under don't include diffuse emission. But then we still have to decide if we don't label the source, what do we do about the spectral features that define that source? I if we have for example broad absorption line object, we mark that. We mark broad absorption line in that. It's an but just to know this is a Lyman alpha forest cloud, we're seen Lyman alpha forest. But it's still a spectral feature, even if it's not it might be a spectral feature i not in the cloud, but it a spectral feature in the quasar, the Lyman alpha forest. Okay. Even if not marked. No one else can read that, sorry. Okay, so th Lyman alpha forest again. And that definitely is a spectral feature on its own then, 'cause it doesn't even say Lyman alpha forest clouds. Each helium two optical depth, I think that's elemental species. Oh. Oh, we marked the same lines. What have we done differently? 'Cause the property of the line. They're gonna we're gonna have a lot of these. And we weren't using line What was the one we didn't do before? Line ratio we weren't doing. Was talking about l lines, okay. Line feature, need that. There's only one difference here. No, no, they are the same otherwise. Quite impressively. That one's the same. And damped Lyman alpha data. I can't even but if you said If you said the spectral dat The continuum's spet mm. But if it's a damped Lyman alpha spectrum, you'd mark damped Lyman alpha, because in the spectrum. And and a da is equivalent of spectrum. That's because it was talking about s but if it's saying silicone two line. Levels the new word. I think you're probably right in the case of it being data. Mm. Well If it's an emission line data Mm. If it's an emission line data, would we put it in? But if it just said em but if it just said emission line, we would. It the emission line is strong. The emission line data shows strong. Then uh I think it's the same actually, I th I think it's data isn't even needed. It's inconsistent with the damped Lyman alpha at more than the ninety nine percent. Or the damped Lyman alpha feature, if you put feature there rather than data, then you'd mark it. But I think data is equivalent if Yeah. Okay. That's think enough. Given that we can argue about it for ten minutes, it's probably not that clear-cut. Damped Lyman alpha systems and uh it shouldn't be either of them. It should be damped Lyman alpha in red, whatever that is. Spectral feature. And that shouldn't be there at all. And I've done it twice. Is that clear enough? Flat spectrum We were including modifiers, including broad line quasars, non broad line quasars as well. So I think we should probably include the flat spectrum with your q with your quasar is a very different from steep spectrum. We're ten percent of the way there. Continua. Oh gosh, it will be here forever. Remarkably soft ionising continua. You're right though, I think. Or or continuum. The absorbed continuum. Mm-hmm, yes. Oxygen shouldn't be there. That's not observed. Heavy element absorption lines I think should be there. Now what else is different? Mm. Oh, thank you. And that one. You're right, star-forming galaxies are distinct. That's, yeah, derived. Probably because you were doing seven thousand of these an hour. You mean that? If it was lines from H_ two you'd mark it. Blue wing flux. What were we gonna do about flux? Doesn't say. Yes, it's the amount of stuff in the blue wing. So I'm happy with that. Line peak. I think that should be marked. Even though it's talking about increasing line peak, it's also talking about increasing excess blue wing. Should actually be excess blue wing flux. Anyway. I think line peak is something you can point to. No, but you can't you can't s also point to increa increasing blue wing. What Mm. Okay. Light. Ye yes. Right. Neutral hydrogen Gunn-Petersen absorption. I think all of that's a spectral feature. It's basically a way of saying the Gunn-Petersen t it's a way of saying the Gunn-Petersen trough though. Which, if you just said that it's Gunn-Petersen absorption from neutral hydrogen rather than i if it was a t if it was hydrogen absorption, you'd mark the whole thing. If it was hydrogen align you would, so you should mark if it was or H_ beta absorption. It's a marks the kind of spectral feature, doesn't it? But so is H_ beta absorp uh emission as a process from H_ beta. But it's still this is a process from neutral hydrogen. I guess what I'm meaning is neutral hydrogen should be in there. And the fact that Gunn-Peterson comes between it is just a pain. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Let's just cross everything out. Blue-shifted absorption. I think it's a modifier of the thing, and so it probably should be there. As in we're putting weak and strong absorption would count, so I think blue-shifted should. Um that's talking about the line, isn't it? So that should be in. Yeah. That's talking about uh strength rather than It's not the uh abundance of it or any derived property, it's just the strength of the lines. I guess perhaps it is. Um let's make a decision. I guess it could be abundance. Yes, that's true. I think you probably should then, 'cause we will put in our align strength. Uh if it's a F_ i of a two line strength we would definitely put it in. And I think that's what it's referring to, even though it's not It's not saying two. Its lines. It's an abundance i it's an element I guess, but it's But it's a strength rather than abundance. I think that's still looking at the amount of flux coming out of the out of all the F_E_ two lines, rather than In general we haven't if unless it's specifically saying it's a line, but I guess the question is just as specifically referred to a line. And I maybe it's not clear enough to mark. Let's not mark it then. Well line, narrow line. If it says it F_E_ two line strength then we would mark it, 'cause you're talking about the line of it rather than the ev element. The word line should be in there. Or Yeah, I think they mean l I think they mean the line strength rather than the F_E_ two abundance. I think that's what they probably mean. But it's just not very clear. B_S_, bloated star. That's a Yeah. Um take out line. And that's just the wrong that's just the wrong colour, as is that. I think you were right there. Yep, you're right. And you're right there as well. That's a physical process. Yes, that was one I wasn't sure about, 'cause infrared. And if it was mid-infrar uh if it was, you'd put it in. That's just the wrong na that's just this should be a source name. I don't know w Yes. I guess the problem is due to what does that m mean. I presumed it Is it? Okay, right. 'Cause that's one I just didn't know what it Uh I thought it was a catalogue. Mm. H_ alpha I think should be marked, yeah. Yeah, you're still detecting a line, even if you're detecting it from broad-band filters. Um Broad-band Broad line region, you are right. And now align nebulae. Okay, we'll just go back and change those. You're right. Okay, where was it? Started here. Um Why did it so we mark Um we have got nebulae marked here. Oh. Yeah, okay, modifiers with them, which is give a yell if you see one. So damped Lyman alpha absorbers shouldn't be in there. But then I'm i I p I probably use that rule so half the time, and just forgotten to use at other times. Mm. Yeah. Yes, I I'm sure I've followed that rule sometimes and just forgotten. So let's take that out. Um Lyman alpha forest here. But lyman alpha forest should be in here, because it's not talking about uh m it's not modified. Damped Lyman alpha data. Data I think we should keep in. Because it's would be the same as feature. Or spec spectrum. I think data's the same as spectrum, 'cause the data is a spec m Final view, Bob? Okay. Mm let's take that out. And this one comes out as well. Okay, so we want nothing. There. Didn't it? Yeah. Right. We're there. Right. H_ alpha detection. But I wouldn't is H_ alpha broad-brand? It's a line. Whether you detect it H_ alpha emitters are not a distinct class of source, I don't think. Line. Mm-hmm. But I guess if you're picking out a spectral feature, even with a broad band or narrow band then it's still a spectral feat feature. If you're picking out a line. What however you pick it out. Line on its own. I think there's gonna be a lot of those, which makes life simpler. Yep. Absorption profiles. I think that I think the whole thing should actually be marked. Even this complex. How far should we go? Comple just absorption, per. Um Lyman alpha forest line blanketing or Lyman alpha forest line? Is it a system? V_L_B_A_ is an instrument. Oh, is it? Is a network. But is it? Yes. V_ V_L_ b very long baseline array. V_L_B_A_. If it had an A_ on the end, it would be the ne instrument. Yes, 'cause it ta it takes an image. So Oh, but then a m research group could take an image. Okay, let's oh, how much of modifiers are we putting in? From one point six or from European? Or just um V_L_B_A_ He's using capitals. But s Okay. Uh-huh. Okay.. That's just broad-band, isn't it? Broad line emission. So that shouldn't be marked. Radio-loud objects. It's not ve it's not a m mod It's not an original system. M Anything ending in object we don't include, yep. So none of those. Yep. Now we've both marked line ratios here. And that's the same. Continuum. And there it's different, because you're talking about the ionizing continuum, which is a pre Yeah. I think you can point to line pairs. And that shouldn't be in there. Yep. Scribble away. You're right there. That's all one big spectral feature. And nebula shouldn't be marked. What do we do back here? What did we do back here? We did mark nebula, yes. It was things that weren't distinct, like yeah. Mm-hmm, yeah, it's a difficult one. But if we're gonna stick to it, let's stick to it. The? The. And I think we need the. I think we would put stop putting the in, we could get confused. And you're right there. Oh, yeah. Line blanketing, you think y We had line blanketing just now and we included it. I think we sh um. Where was it? Don't think n Lyman f forest line blanket, we took blanketing out. And that's all the same. Yes. Yes, it is. Red and blue components. I think you're right there as well.. Yeah, I think i in the same way that you can point to the soft X_ rays or or the hard X_ rays, you can point to the red and the Hmm. But we're talking about the c the continuum though. If you have a galaxy spectrum though, you can say there's the blue component, there's the red component to the spectrum. Oh, I see what you mean, i like it comes from adding two different things together. I can see that, yeah. Yes. But if it said red or blue excess rather than red or blue component, I guess the problem with Mm-hmm, okay. Let's If you modelled it with two parts, one that had a a ha a harder and softer spectrum Hubble in Hubble deep field south. I didn't include it. Although it does apply to the telescope. But mm. Let's keep it in. Anyone remember when? Let's start at the beginning. Oh. Excellent. Um Hubble.. No wait, the top one I think you should include. Possibly with flux as well though. And then yes, the whole thing. Well, I said radio galaxies. Now what did we p we say about acronyms where part of it was useful? Um Um But I don't think we should mark high red-shift in that. They are just red-shi but yes. Wh what did we say about acronyms where Yes, I think you are. Seyfert one point eight and one point nine galaxies You wouldn't say we're talking about yes. I think they probably are. Inseparate. And it's just the and that annoys. Mission line feature we're gonna include. Galaxy when it's a process. Yes. Ah, now this is one where it should be this one, but what if you'd un if these are doubly underlined? Has it just plotted the top colour? Yes. Okay, because what we want here let's just mark what we want and mark that, but with also broad line I can't write. We changed it so that you could. Yeah, because quite often uh an object class is defined by a spectral feature. Like broad line radio galaxies. Broader lines, I think. List the wrong wrong colour for a few things. Oh, it's all here. Hyper-luminous galaxy. Mm-hmm. This is just a colour issue. Ye Yeah, they should all be and that one. I_S_M_. It's diffuse. So it probably shouldn't be in there. Oh. No. What we doing about nebula again? I've forgotten. Okay. Yeah. Features. Flat spectrum radio quasars. Strong drop in the continuum. I think you're right there. I think you're right again. That's just the place. Um we're not doing emission line when it's a modifier of objects, are we? The question is are emission line objects a separate class of source? I think they are. Yes, you're right. And Seyfert galaxies w should be one, you're right there. I got three seventy.
Hmm. Did did you guys actually had sort of um the interaction or discussions while you we doing the annotation, did you have had stages of clarification or I suppose you did, right? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So did you feel that it was some some kind of some process of convergence, like that initially had quite different ideas about the phrase types and and markations and then eventually you came up uh with some kind of rules that you set up between uh the two of you? Or Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think so. Okay. I dropped a. So did Dere Derek and Ben has the um the file that they this manual? Or Yeah? O okay. Okay, right, it's printing it out as well. I actually haven't really thought about like uh marking or not marking, who's top and who's bottom. I think maybe that would make sense for you guys to know. I don't know. Yeah. Okay, fair enough. So so you sorry, um just for the convention, you you you marking which uh which the annotation you think is is the right one. Okay, fair enough. Mm-hmm, okay. Would there be other cases where you would actually mark an ab absorption? Or Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Cheers. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Is that the nebula? Was it the nebula thin Yeah. Um so so can I just ask w w now you just uh aligned d uh sorry, you circle the word in the in the outline which didn't Right, sorry. Ok oh, I see, okay. Mm-hmm. Cheers. I see. That was easy. The the I it it wouldn't count as a source type? Or Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Um sorry, can we just go back th uh one page? Did did you resolve the the li the different um segmentations, like uh the main problem was Oh sorry, I I thought it was a problem of like uh one having underlined the entire oh sorry. No no, I I se okay, sorry. Yeah, I see. So from the perspective the named entity recognition task, so I th I think th there there was also this one guideline of saying for example if something uh is sitting under a negation, right, the there was no um damped L_ Y_ alpha something, then um we then I think the convention was that we still that you still would mark that. Right, so it's more like uh a s it's uh uh it's uh sort of like a quite literal task that's really like finding these kind of uh these types of strings uh rather than really referring to the underlying physical reality, which I mean sort of like if if you if you were to resolve these kind of uh cases in order to put them say in a database or so, then you'd probably be right in this case, right. But uh th given that the kind of thing is that that this named entity recogn task is is a much is a much more uh literal thing. Like really just fin finding these kind of strings. I think in this case um I w I would say this is probably an entity. Yeah. Um so uh just about changing rules, I mean in a sense you also want to make sure that the annotation that that they the agreements that you arrive on today, that they're consistent with what you did before. Right, so uh I mean this really only displays uh th those cases where you disagreed. But if you sorta like change a rule now on the fly, then that might be then that might b uh create inconsistencies with the Yeah. Just out of curiosity, this narrow and broad band, that that refers to the type of spectrogram that you have? Like t on the type of filter or is it oh, okay. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Oh, was it actually possible to doubly underline things? Um I don't know wh which one it would display then. I I actually didn't know that it was possible to have these so you you you allowed these kind of embedded uh annotations? Right, okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. That's pretty good, that's nearly a third.
Right. We did, yeah. Yeah, we did two of those, didn't we? I think we did two training sets and then we had at least one meeting with you where we talked it all through. Yes. Yeah. I'd say no, but I d I mean I thought we had basically the same ideas to b I don't remember ever having strong arguments about what should be in what group or it was just the rules about things that s yeah. And what counted as wha as for the spectral features it was more confusing what counted as a spectral feature, and we had a long discussion about that. But I don't remember sort of arguing from different sides and converging, just sort of piecing out what would come up and agreeing what we'd do. It probably would be, but I don't i it's been a long time, yeah, since we've done this. Yeah, that would be handy. Sign off. We did send it to him, yeah. Yeah. There's a cool little count-down clock that lets you know exactly how long you've been meeting as well. No, we don't at all. Yeah. But they're hardly in our areas. Uh Yeah, I did as well. No. It's a very strange interview feeling as well, because you can't see them while you're giving your talk, because they just show usually they have a camera on you and a camera on them, but during the talk part they have a camera on I believe them, 'cause I could see that guy reading a newspaper halfway through my talk. And then they had a camera on showing what my slides were, and so you forget that they can see you at all, and so when all that was over, they were answering me questions and the view switched again, I realised they were sitting there in the interview going. So Yeah. And you can't say looking over here. Like o. Yeah. Yeah. It is really strange. Mm. Excellent. Right. Shall w shall we dive in in the interim? Or Mm. No, you wouldn't do. I think I'm do I think I'm working out who's top and bottom. Um Yeah, I'm happy enough with that. I don't feel strongly about it. Ah. Ben said he he left it out on purpose, which is reason Yeah. I'm pretty sure I'm top. Uh Right. Right. Yeah, I think that's probably right as well. Okay, next. Okay. So here we're missing soft component on the bottom. There. If you get line I get soft component. Yeah. You can point to a soft component. Yeah. It's a big bump in the soft bit. It c uh yeah, I'm not fussed about that. They both mean the same thing. Yeah. This is the this is the thing you point to, yep. Yeah, that's the thing you point to and this is a ph a physical mechanism. So yeah, I'd say Two down. Two hundred and fifteen to go. Excellent. Mm that's definitely two. You're right. I think that's true. Alrighty. What are we missing? Broad line. Yeah, that's true. You get that. Uh I don't remember what we were doing with nebulae. We weren't doing like H_ two regions and stuff, were we? I can't remember actually. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mm we were doing descriptions that made things separate classes, in which case I'd argue for elliptical I think. My God, I've just gone mad with the underlining here. Yeah, I. Yeah, that's the thing, but you wouldn't know it was a p yeah. The parallel index is something you desi derive. A break in a spectrum is something you can point at. So Yeah, b that thing there. And if I did it again, I'd say a slight depression of the continuum and possibly well, 'cause you can see both the slight depression and the Lyman limit. But we're supposed to say the descriptive words of the features. So Mm-hmm. Yeah, but they would be the same they'd both be the same spectral feature, whereas here they're two spectral features. There's a Lyman limit, which you could see, and then there's a slight depression near it. But Yeah. Do you have a sense about that? Yeah. Excellent. Yeah, okay. Uh-huh. That I didn't mark because it's the physical process of absorption. Not the the thing. Yeah, if it was there's an absorption feature or absorption to see it the spectrum at this wave-length. But when you say for example the the quasar is absorbed, that just means the quasar is behind a a bunch of stuff. So that's describing something physically rather than describing the spectrum itself. So Thank you. I don't remember what we were gonna do about things that weren't there. It's not something you can point to. You could point to it if it were there. Marked it, yeah. Yeah. Huh? Oh yeah. Yeah. What were we saying about nebula? Source types. No, nebula counts, doesn't it? Right. Yeah. Yeah, but that's line ratios. But Uh, line in in line in line ratios is modifying ratios. It isn't it? It's it's not talking about specific lines. A line ratio is a thing. Right.. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean you wouldn't you wouldn't include abundances or line strengths. Yeah, it shouldn't be in. I don't think. Whoop, no. Oh, I see what you're doing, you're circling the one we like, right. Oh sorry, um yep. Uh right, damped Lyman see again, that's uh these are source types, the um I mean it's not a source type. B But damped Lyman alpha absorbers are th are physical things, not spectral features. Ye But uh you wouldn't be able to point something in a spectrum and say that's a damped Lyman alpha absorber, unless you'd Yeah, you could do. But we wouldn't say absorbers were a type of source. Okay. I'm not certain about that, but I Hmm. But D don't with damped Lyman alpha observers you them a variety of places along the line of sight? So you have to know If you look at a quasar and you see a bunch uh if you got a bunch of clouds of gas in the way, you can see these things and but you wouldn't be able to point at one of them and say ah, that's a damp yeah. They're gonna be at different red-shifts. I don't know how they do th that. But Yeah. Ye Well no, but you see them in all sorts of different red red-shifts. It's like the the Lyman alpha forest, sort of. And I'm not certain I would I would mark that. It's a tricky one. Um no, I wouldn't, because it's they're physical things, not spectral features. You can't point at something on a spectrum and say that's definitely a d damped Lyman alpha some I g and I guess it's because they're modifiers of this source type, and we wouldn't mark that source type. We wouldn't mark absorbers, no. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm it's tricky one. Okay. Okay. But we weren't going to include s descriptions of spectral features that were based on fitting, were we? Have we? Steep soft component. Yeah, breaking the power law is something I'm not certain of. Steep soft component is something you can point at in a spectrum and say, there it is. Yeah. Yeah. It's tricky. Yeah. That's grand. Yeah. Yes. Um again I'd say this this is a physical process, not a spectral feature. Uh Yeah. Uh I don't have K_ star, but I should do. Wait, where Okay. What's wrong with broad H_ alpha? Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's true, yeah. Yeah, that's true. Oh no, we're back to it again. That's true, but Lyman alpha forest clouds are source types we aren't marching marking. Which we don't mark, yeah. But we can just be consistent. And I don't think we are, 'cause that's not a spectral feature in the spectrum we're looking at. Yeah. But saying that isn't the same as saying we've seen that in a spectrum, whereas a broad line quasar, someone has looked at it and they've seen a broad line. But if you're discussing Lyman alpha forest clouds, they could just be discussing the physical object, which we aren't marking. Because they weren't I don't know. Anything blobby I di I didn't mark. Yeah. Yeah. I w I remembered not marking nebula or clouds or Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I think we just have to decide whether we're doing it. Yeah, but Bob's saying maybe we should be uh including nebula and clouds. But we haven't for the whole thing. Yeah. But that's 'cause we've to know it's a rather broad absorp absorption line object we have seen it. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Let's keep them. Nope. And here. Yep. Mm-hmm. There, that's derived, you're right. Oh, rubbish. Excellent. Uh you've got line brightness temperatures. Yeah. Yeah, we are. Yeah, I don't think line brightness temperatures counts. 'Cause it's not talking about a specific line. So Yeah. I don't think that counts. Feature. Right. Mm-hmm. Oh, no. Yeah, they're all the same. Yes, excellent. Um damped Lyman alpha again. Systems. That's a modifier of data. I mean that's that's a description of the type of data. A d I really don't think that counts. I wouldn't, but you would. I think just because it's got a spectral feature in the phrase, you wouldn't for example, when we were saying silicone two levels, we didn't mark silicone two. That's that's got nothing to do with the spectrum. But what this actually means is we've made some measurements based on damped Lyman alpha measurements, and they tell us this answer. And this answer is inconsistent with that answer. Yeah, I don't think that's right. Hmm? M I wouldn't, but because it's a modifier of data.. Oh feature, absolutely. B but Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Take it again, but systems should be out. Yeah. Mm 'kay. You've done it again. Yes. Right. Source type. Did we have a rule about this? Mm-hmm. Yep, that's true. That is true. Are we? Excellent. Just hitting the half an hour mark. See that i that's talking about the the flux of kin of ionising photons rather then the continuum of that spectrum. So I don't like that one. Oxygen abundance. Yeah. Mm. I'm happy enough with that. Blue-shifted. that's okay with me, I don't care. Yeah, you can have that as well. There you go. Next. Uh I think they are. I don't know why I did that. I don't like that at all. Yeah, could be that I was a bit sleepy. Lines from ions? You can't tell the difference between a line from an ion and a line line from something else. Well, you'd know where they are in the Well I guess yeah, I dunno. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's true. That's true. Alright. Yeah, but the feature itself is blue wing flux or if it was said blue wing feature, we'd mark feature. Hmm. Yeah. Possibly. Don't know. Ah uh You can point to it, but can you point to a line peak velocity shift? Well you can point to blue wing flux, 'cause you have your line and there's the blue wing flux. But if the line peak is increasingly shifted, you'd Mm there's a system issue again, so we should be consistent and keep it. Right? Yeah. Mm. Mm. I think I might agree with you. 'Cause this definitely shouldn't be marked. Because that is a process, not a A And if that shouldn't be marked, then that shouldn't be marked. Right. Oh okay. Mm. Yeah. Hmm yes. Okay. Yeah, I'm not sure either. But um. B oh yeah, either that if that shouldn't be in, neither should either of those. Mm yeah. A feature? What do you mean? Is it Uh We've marked thing have we marked things like Yeah, I don't know if we've marked things like silicone one throughout. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If we don't mark it though, we definitely shouldn't mark these two, should we? Do you agree with that? If that's true then their leaving out the word line I don't should mean that it shouldn't be marked. But But I mean, we know what they mean. Like Yeah, let's leave it in. Next. Uh Oh, is that what that means? Oh yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Seyfert two. Oh, yep. You're right. Radio loud counts, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That counts. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the and this shouldn't be, should it? M m does those count as modifiers active, we definitely include active. So It's a k kind of elliptical, is it? A E_ two is a kind of elliptical. What I don't know what the J_ means. Those can does that not mean a a broad band detection? And does that count? Uh H_ alpha detection. But don't we say we don't do that? Ah. I'm right, look. Don't include modifiers of regions or systems, E_G_ region, systems. That's why I wasn't doing it. G ah, look at that. Yeah, but b uh modifiers of regions or systems is the Yeah, we could always change this if we think we're right, rather than going back through and Based on this, but we could change this rule rather than changing all those things. What's the what was the appropriate thing to do at this point? Right. Right. Right. Yep 'Cause you might have followed that rule. Right. Alright. Um Yeah. Yeah, that's fine. Damped Lyman alpha systems. Ah, we're back to damped Lyman alpha data. Okay. I I do I still don't think that goes in. But Yeah. I still don't like it. But I don't have passionate feelings. Yep. Yeah, just cross those out. Oops. Excellent. So what were we looking at this page for anyway? It was for something else, H_ alpha detection. Uh Broad band detections is in don't include. Oh, so it would be a narrow band detection, a narrow band imaging detection. Alright, good. No, they aren't. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Okay, yeah. Right. Uh, this is another systems thing. Okay. Yeah. No.. Um Yeah, absorption profiles I'll go for. Why not. Yeah, take out the blanketing. Has this Ah, right. Yep. Yeah, V_L_B_I_ is uh a net uh it's it's a V_L_B_I_ is it's a technique. It's not a yeah. What's it's called something else, isn't it? The V_O_ Yeah, it's called a V_L_B_A_. This is V_L_B_I_ network image. So do they mean the V_L_B_A_. European V_L_B_I_ net. Is it in it it's an intstru group instrument, not a research group. Yeah. Yeah. It's only supposed to be proper names. But I don't Yeah, is that so this whole thing is an instrument, you say. Oh. Oh, I see, I see. Yeah. So is this like it's a subset of the V_L_B_A_? Right. Cool. Right. Oh. That is a source name, you're right. Yeah, that's just Mm-hmm. We say something about objects, and I think it's that we don't use it. Ye Yeah, but we shouldn't have done. So that's it, yeah. Yeah, that's fair enough. It's certainly not a source name. Yeah, that means that's a proc it's a process or it's a it's a type of photons, that's not the continuum you're looking at. Sure you can, yep. Mm nope. Neither should that. Excellent. Have we agreed on that? We only agreed that so far we've only agreed that we can't include spectral features modifying nebula, but I don't see yet where it's written down that you can't mark nebula. Yeah. Yeah, but the see there's so many different kinds of nebula. I think is why I wasn't doing it. Yeah. If we're going to have them, let's have them. What's different? Oh, yeah. Um, don't mind. Mm-hmm. You're right. There. Source type. Line blanketing. Sh I no, I don't think I did I? So that yeah. Did we? Ah Um We did just have it, don't know. It wasn't that far back, was it? No, it wasn't that far back. Line yeah, we took blanketing out, so I don't think that should be in. Is that it? Yeah. Uh that's a source nine. Isn't it? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm right. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Mm the soft excess you can definitely point to on an X_ ray thing. You kn you know if there's one there or not, you could say that's that. So You're saying you wouldn't know it was soft unless you'd w oh yeah. I see what Mm. But results from spectral. Give that for red and blue components, but I wouldn't probably give that for soft component. Because a soft excess is a uh I mean that's an X_ ray thing. Like a break, you say oh look, there's Mm. Yeah. Yeah, I'd take out red and blue. Which means maybe we should take out soft. But it's such a basic sort of you look at a spectrum and you say that's a a soft excess, it's a soft Yeah. It's just a t Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably true, yeah. Um Hubble and Hubble deep sent to us. Yeah. Yeah. So should w did we have a soft component earlier? So we sh should kill it. No. Yeah. There it is. Right. Alright. Mm d yeah, okay. Yeah, that's fine, I'm happy with all that. Yeah.. Yeah, that counts. Do we ha did we s make a decision about radio galaxies? 'Cause I think they are discussed as a separate source type, aren't they? radio galaxies? It hides that, yeah. Yeah, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Where part of it's useful. I think you're supposed to mark the whole thing, aren't you? Yeah, so you're right. Um It's a sub-classification of Seyfert's. would make a s study Seyfert one point eights. Oh do they? You're right, yeah. Yeah, that's fine. Uh yep. Yeah, galaxy and galaxy formation doesn't count. And yes, that counts. But in Yeah. Right, but I'm on the Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I don't think that should go in. Don't mind. Oh, up here. Yeah. Mm. Is it? Or is it oh, right. And Q_S_O_ is not yeah, you're right. Yep. The I_S_M_ isn't a source type. Is it? We're now including nebula, aren't we? Mm what have we done, features. Mm yep.. Okay. Nope. Yep. We aren't doing emission line objects. Oh no, we aren't doing that either, you're right. Mm no. They aren't, are they? Yeah. Yeah, anything to do with objects. So nothing. Yeah. Yes.
