Okay. Yeah. I mean m my view on this was that um the need for people to back up their data personally was made sufficiently clear to lab users. Um I mean I guess right, okay. As long as she admits it, then then that's fine. I I'm just thinking, you know, sometimes when there's a a process error like that, you think oh, then there's something we should change. Like make the sign in bigger red letters. But I in the our case, I don't think there's anything more we can do really. So Um well, I doubt anybody'll do that again 'cause that'll get around. So Yeah, there was a mailing list before. They've just revived that, right? Right, okay. Uh-huh. Right. And we don't know so there's every chance of this falling over again if it's a hardware thing, right. But there's not much we can do about that apart from Right. Yeah. Why is uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. So how long does this put you back for? Is it you know. How much disruption does this cause? D is this a day? Two days? Day and a bit? Yeah. Uh-huh. To actually do the re-install. You c Mm-hmm. And I saw uh a bunch of stuff about software updates. That's un unrelated to this problem, right? Um the Eye-Link. I c I didn't read 'em. I saw like five messages go back and forth. Maybe they were under the wrong subject header. So anyway, we have well Oh no, I mean the Eye-Link software. So it's unrelated, it's not that right. Okay, good. Um Yeah. So uh i uh did he get his data in? Or is this put his schedule back? He's done it, okay. Right. Um well unfortunate, but it sounds like um you guys are well placed for dealing with it. So better you than me. Yeah. Oh so you need to borrow somebody's head and mouth and stuff to to run it, right. And Yeah. Mm-hmm. So I've got a new um trainee who might need amusement at some point. So if you need to borrow a head that talks that doesn't necessarily need to do much else, I'll th I'll ask her if she'd mind coming down and helping you out for uh a while. But I guess Ellen was gonna be your the p the person who yeah, your spare head. Right. Yeah. So um uh mine is well, she's actually climbing Ben Nevis today, I think. But uh she'll be uh back tomorrow. Her name's Nynke. Did you guys meet her? This seems the sort of thing that people might might find i find amusing to look at. So um I I'll I'll see if if she'd be willing to Oh, who is that? Oh yeah, Heidi. Oh yeah, she's good. You guys might actually have something in common 'cause she does, well, you know, stuff for the video coding and gesturing. And autism. But So, okay. Uh right, what am I writing. Uh okay, Nynke to volunteer. Well uh no uh I will actually give her the the option. But um it sounds like the kind of thing where, you know, I think it's quite useful when you're at that stage to see the different kinds of technologies people use. So Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oops. Well, you found that then. Right. Okay. So we want one you can pick up using Matlab or something, right? Aye? Okay. Perfect. Perfect. So or you're gonna bank the script some place and tell us how to run it. Uh-huh. 'Cause we won't know. Right. Well that all sounds good. Oh really? Oh okay. Uh-huh, okay. Very nice, very pretty. It doesn't get in the way of seeing what's underneath? Version one. Mm-hmm. It's not too bad. Uh-huh. I c I can I can see where that's useful. No. Just change it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Although if if you had a big thing and it was jiggling around like anybody's business, like real eye track traces, then you might find that a little bit disconcerting. I mean small things you kind of expect to jiggle around, right. But It'll look like it's quivering, you know. Yeah, but well, that's all fine.. What else? You were saying Joe with the model builder. Oh, remind me. Oh yes. Okay. Oh that's good. Oh okay. Really? Just the parallelogram. Right. Okay, so you your job in this is to um ensure that it actually is a bug and then pass it to Joe? Okay. That makes sense. I mean the this geometry stuff is really tricky if you don't do the fold the boxes stuff in your head well, so I can imagine. 'Cause I could get it backwards easily, you know, and so it is just as well for w for you to check this. Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so you need to draw 'em in something. Oh, so yeah, I suggested you do that in X_ fig. Is that a reasonable thing to do or no? Yep, mm-hmm. Yeah. So this is this falls down completely if Nijmegen can't run X_ fig. So you better check that with 'em, right? But Okay, but they may need help finding the something if they can't do X_ fig, I suppose. Microsoft though? I mean well, what kinds of They are the paid. Yeah and Uh-huh. Yep, mm-hmm. Okay. So I wouldn't do any any work to find out what'll output S_V_G_. Just ask them, look, you know say we you need something that does S_V_G_ and then um if they if they come back and say ha, then y you may need to poodle around a bit looking for something. But uh you know, let them let them say they've got a problem before you um spend time trying to figure out what'll do it. 'Cause Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. Oh, so well I can imagine there being uh shapes that you could construct in S_V_G_ format that would fox the model builder in some way. I don't know, I mean it 'cause you don't have specs about what sorts of shapes are allowed, right? Um right, it doesn't matter whether they're um convex or concave in funny ways. Yeah, ex And you tried it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Would we want by self-intersection you mean you could You mean like Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well but by self-intersection here, I'll draw here, if I can find the right end of the pen. Y do you mean something like that? Yeah. A and you can rule out something like that, right. 'Cause that's two parts for you. Yeah. Um I mean you know, some f rainy day you might wanna think about Well, I don't know. I mean it you know, later on we can fix it if it if it turns out those parts it's not urgent now. I think this isn't important enough. Yeah. Yep, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Yeah. But but but if they have trouble, you know, half an hour googling and helping helping them is probably worthwhile. 'Cause someti sometimes people I mean it actually I would e I wouldn't expect them to have any trouble finding something 'cause J_P_ is quite up with all the all these things. So Um are th Well, you let's um encourage them not to use um any software that might have idiosyncratic ideas about what S_V_G_ is. She says delicately. I have no ooh, that I wasn't gonna say. I I have no idea whether they have idiosyncratic S_V_G_ output or whether but um their track their track record could uh on some of the other standards has not there have been slightly strange things about it. So Um but in my uh you know, I mean, they sh that should be if Mm-hmm. Um yeah. I haven't looked through other mail. I did see something from Marloes. Is there anything they're waiting on from us that is a problem or i they reasonably happy at the moment? Oh, they've done the pilots? Oh good. Dumped the data. Where is it dumped? B_S_C_W_. Well that's okay. You know, we're not using that much space if it's just for interim. And they have to get out to us some way. Um uh we had a uh brief discussion just before I left about uh this idea of exchanging data by fire-wire drive and I do I don't know if that ever got resolved. But you know, that's not that's not fast enough for little things like this. So I think B_S_C_W_ is the right way to exchange these. We just have to wipe this stuff off and keep separate copies after that. The C_V_S_. Oh, so you're managing that okay, and you haven't run into C_V_S_ before. Okay. Well good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well that's that's reassuring. Course he's sitting on the next desk. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well, she'll have to u use the C_V_S_ eventually 'cause we don't really have a good way of doing this otherwise. But Mm-hmm. Well that's it, we'll never see him here again. Watch, I'll find out he's got a better computer at home as well, right?. Right, and what about um the project as a whole? Is there anything that Ruud or anybody is after that we aren't supplying? Not at the moment, right? They're they're critical the to the success of a project. So Y uh yeah, and general places. But yeah, I wouldn't worry too much about it unless they ask you for specific input. Yeah. That's what's circulating. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. And John's going. Mm-hmm. Oh that's good. He'll be useful for the W_P_ seven stuff. So Well while you do that I'll be trained in how to hire people. So Uh both. So So is there anything else? What have you got on for the rest of the week besides getting this stuff up and running again? Yeah. Right. So are you concerned about it that I should be looking at it or you happy with it? I mean I sort of wrote the initial draft of it, I suppose. So Um uh slower. Uh-huh. Okay. Um I'll have to look. I can't remember um how this works now 'cause it was a while ago. So Yeah, and you'll get nothing back unless I look at it, right? So i best for for us for me to do that. I i um yeah, i I mean it's really good that you're y um putting things out for for review and saying like why for stuff. But um we don't we also don't want um to burn too much of your time recording stuff that that nobody's ever gonna look at necessarily. So I mean this this might be a good case for or it might uh or it might be that you should just like, you know, talk to me about this stuff if I happen to be around at the time that you're doing it and not y so i if the writing stuff down on the Wiki gets to be too high a proportion of things, then then you don't necessarily wanna do it. You do you know what I mean? The so um I th I think it's great to have the records and that's really important, especially in in big dispersed groups, but this is kind of a smaller group. Um so it you know, we can do things more informally where f you feel the Wikis are getting in the way of things. So Oh yeah, it well if it aids you in thinking to write it down, then definitely write it down. 'Cause, yeah, we want clear thinking. Um I can't actually remember uh i how it worked with the the moulds. I mean I w I wanted to make sure that um No, I can't even remember. So I'll I'll look at it. Uh but uh I'm sure it's fine 'cause um it's just my memory of things. Oh yeah, uh-huh. Yeah. So um is that gonna have a voice-over or is it we had discussions before you started about whether it should be completely silent so that they could use in case we ever wanted to do this in in Dutch, yeah. And uh and so, you know, you could just have sort of well the I think we discussed having it with an English voice-over or having it with no voice-over and then having it w just with cartoon noises or something like or you know when things break. So to emphasise the I may be imagining it. Oh, so we could produce a Dutch voice-over for the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, the oth the other issue is um uh i if we do a voice-over uh does that affect the language that the people choose to use. S so that might be another reason for not doing that. Alignment or you know. Yeah. So I think maybe that was another reason for um just having. Or or or ding for, you know, you got it or I don't know what. Yeah yeah yeah. Well that y Yeah. Well you need some way to make sure that they actually notice the thing you're trying to explain to them if there's no voice uh Or or you could just point to you know, have b great big arrow that points at the two pieces that broke. You know and Yeah. So you gonna clear or r however you do this with Ellen, right? 'Cause she's the one that has thoughts about the language and stuff. Oh well remin remind her that there was a question about whether there oughta be one. Mm-hmm. I bet Marloes just talked to 'em. Ah I think it's really up to us to Is it hard? You don't wanna give 'em the specification, you know, 'cause that's in too high-falutin a language. But um oh, i it can't be that hard to generate something that says Mm-hmm. Oh um uh on my holidays we encountered a children's toyshop where there we there were tamgrams. And my son reminded me that he ca hasn't been able to find his tamgram set in a while. Well uh if not if you guys are using it. Or do y do you find it helpful to have it? Oh, but it's so tactile to have the little metal bits. If you if you're using it, keep it. He's got plenty of toys. If you're not if you're not using it, then I'll take it back. Yeah, y it's not it's not a worry. The the lad has plenty of toys. Oh, similar types, uh-huh. Yeah. Right. So um how you gonna get your complexity ratings? Google. Is there a big tamgram community that ranks these things? Like, you know, that's just one booklet that came with one set of tamgrams. Or or is it obvious like when you look at these things? Yeah. But that still won't tell you well how many tamgrams are there that they're using? Fifteen or something. No, not even. Uh-huh. So that's not gonna g so that's not gonna tell you anything about relative complexity. That's just gonna tell you where in the span you wanna be. You still need some kinda scale for these things. Ca uh if you look at 'em, do you just know? No. I would either. What about him? I if h Mister Geometry. I mean, you know. Can you tell just by looking at these how hard people find them? Or right, okay. Well Who is Psychology already uses tamgrams that's still around? Mean, people have been using tamgrams for ages. So there must be somebody with a folk wisdom you can contact. Right. I only know ancient papers. So like late eighties. Do people still use tamgrams? Oh. So we're very old-fashioned. Well there was stuff in the seventies and the eighties, right? So Since then. Right. Well, the old the old tasks are the best. So I'm not gonna let that worry me. Um So uh sorry, that was k I think a big diversion, and we were talking about what you were gonna do next after all this stuff was up and the I was gonna look at the G_D_F_ spec. Are the rest of the y uh are is the rest of what you're to do with that software fairly clear? 'Cause this is about the analysis. You really only need Robin, right, to to specify the rest. Uh-huh. Yep, mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause there were all these issues about how you calculate eye-eye lag and, you know, w what other th analyses we want o want out of this that aren't settled. But I think um, you know, Robin is the person who knows the most about what's required there. And I can imagine it's gonna take a wee while to I can imagine you know, so that might be the focus of discussions next week or something, right, that um what need out of this and Yeah, so you might wanna try and come. If you get that far, try and come equipped with a list of the kinds of things you want out of it and and so we can look through and see. Um uh y Ellen might have views on what kinds of things once we have a list, right. So so Yeah. So, but it'd be good to, you know, make sure once we have a list of the things that we think we're getting of it that it matches her intentions for what we were supposed to get out of it. So um, you know, if we do talk about that, then it might be nice to have her along for it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Who is that then? 'Kay. Um are they still in the business? Where are they? Okay. Well, they might have the folk wisdom on the complexity, right? So Ninety two's not that long ago. Well it is really. But Um is it a paper you can get? Well, they still do it for library loans and stuff, so. Uh-huh, yep. So do we think next week that's what we're gonna talk about? 'Cause we want wanna ask Ellen ahead of time if she wants to come along for a discussion about oh well, that's that's fine then. Okay. Oh yeah, c she 'cause she her stuff is getting blocked off the mailing list 'cause she's not mailing from her normal account. Yeah. And I can't figure out any way to just approve messages from her without her subscribing at that account. So Um There's only one message so far. It didn't say much. Uh Yep. Anything else? Yeah. Bu I don't think that list is our final word on things and Oh well, maybe it is then. I Uh-huh. I don't think I was fully paying attention to that. I mean I'm not gonna have views on this anyway. What I'm really worried about is making sure that um there's not big surprises for Ellen and and J_P_, you know, when they suddenly discover that they're they're assuming some analysis is in there and we didn't didn't put it in. You know, 'cause now is the time for us to be figuring out what we want out of that data and and getting you write the stuff or getting J_P_ to write the one-dimensional analyses that he was talking about. So Oh right. Okay. So y actually you're breaking this down into two steps now. One is just a straight extraction from the ASCII, and the other one is any post-analysis that that adds information by analysing it. Is that th Yeah, it's just anything that's got shoved through the eye-tracker. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay, that is post-analysis. Yeah. So right, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Oh well, that all sounds good. So I've got o uh one thing to check and one person to ask if she'll volunteer to be a head. And as far as I know that's it for me. See, I have to explain. I'm for for one of my other things I there is now a specific Wiki page that says stuff Jean has to do. And I'm beginning to think that this is quite a good idea 'cause I worry about not doing the stuff people expect of me. Much more than the other way around, right. What documentation? Oh, okay. Well it doesn't actually make its way into its my salary, I'm afraid. So But yeah. I mean I do spend time talking to you guys. So you're getting something out of me.
Uh yeah. So we've moved over and onto the other eye link. So uh 'cause she's running at the moment. She did admit it. Yes. Uh-huh. Hmm. No. But ma Yes. Shock and worry at uh I think yeah, there's a there's a mailing list uh and mm-hmm, yeah. Uh F Frank went through it, deleted the people that were have gone or or whatever and replaced them. So the the eye the the list is now updated. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes uh Mm-hmm. Hmm. Yeah. We're doing a bit. See last week by the time everything and and then it'll be hopefully no more than, I don't know what, twenty minutes today to Hmm. Yep. I i yeah. You mean from was that Joe? Or is that Um there was nothing nothing over last week. Joe has uh produced another version of the uh model builder and put that up. Uh well that wa that was Ruud well a few weeks ago. But yeah. Yep, it's unrelated. And was r was running. 'Cause Frank did all that because he then had an experiment. So he's run an experiment and it's all worked. Uh he's he's done his and got his and yes. And he backs up anyway. Maybe too well placed, yeah. Yep. Wh a spare head? Or Uh yes, but she's not around. So uh Nynke. Mm-hmm.. Mm. Well I did meet uh uh uh uh someone from another project of yours on Wednesday evening it was. Hei Heidi, who is the gesture of autism. Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm yep. And autism, yeah. Yes. Sh she's been volunteered. Yep, make sure it uh it starts and finishes when it's meant to and that sort of thing as well. Mm-hmm. Uh yep. Uh yes, with the um the bleep was a hardware bleep originally. And so it comes from the P_C_, which is outside the sound-proof box. Yes. H-Mm-hmm. It comes through the Yeah, yep. Mm-hmm. No. Uh um what else? you have altered the um task programme because uh to put the um little eye icon and the mouse uh to make it Rather than just a blob uh Ellen wanted something to look more like an eye so that you knew that was the eye. There was like yeah, mm-hmm. Want it a reasonable size so that if they're looking at it we know they're looking at it though. So you has to be a a reasonable target uh for the for the tracking purposes. Mm-hmm. With large mm yeah, I suppose the larger more oscillation appears that um it's not w I mean uh it isn't it isn't it isn't that big. So Yeah. Uh yes, he's produced an another version that doesn't uh have the overlap problem. You know, there was the yeah, the collisions. The polygons now don't overlap. Um Marloes discovered something strange about the orientation of parallelograms from when it was constructed to when it appears in the um actual task. But I think that might be something to do with the original configuration than the parts that weren't the same across the two. So I'll check that out uh to see if it really is a problem or not. And basically the parallelogram was appearing in a sort of as a mirror image of what it was like in the uh model builder in the actual yeah. Just total it flipped uh in in a mirror image. Not rotated. So it wasn't anything to do with rotation. It was f yeah, just the parallelogram. So uh entirely sure. Must be some way of how the vertices were described or uh defined in one way or compared to something else. Joe, yep. Well uh mm-hmm. Yes. Uh the other thing we've done is uh looked at n not uh for this current experiment but for future, when we've got to build um bizarre parts like air-craft wings and and things, uh something like X_ fig uh can output the vertex points um for creating the air the actual polygons in the first place. 'Cause the model builder um assumes that there's an existing set of of original parts. So you need to draw them in the first place. So It it i yes. W or something i i uh uh Yeah. So it must be a some sort of pink package. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's not it's not an immediate problem anyway. But I thought it was worth before Joe disappears just checking that the model builder's not restricted to just doing the tamgrams. Or something tha you know. So uh no it does look like it's uh M_S_N_. Um no, but as long as they're solid polygons it should be alright. Uh no, it sh well uh uh hopefully that's not what the parallelogram problem is. Because it it does have sort of sum of angles and things. But uh no, as far as uh I mean it Mm-hmm. Yeah. Or part of it was convex. Yeah. I y yeah, but that's why uh we no, we'll only be working as I say with sort of solid obvious polygons and as parts. 'Cause they'll have they'll have to have a central point anyway for for rotation and and grabbing. But Mm-hmm. Well uh uh realise what we're I would consider that two parts, yep. Yeah. Yep. The last point to the yeah. Yep. Yes, yeah. J_P_ is quite yeah, uh-huh. Yes. The Microsoft version of S_V_G_ or something. Yes uh-huh. I have no idea either. Uh Nope. Uh I think they've um they're not waiting anything from us. Uh they've dumped the pilot, the pilot studies that they generated based on the task with their English participants, or English speaking participants. Yeah. Uh but they haven't done anything with it other than dump the data. Uh they well, they dumped it on the mm B_S_C_ C_W_ server. But I've moved well, I haven't moved it, I've copied it onto the C_S_V_, yeah. Yep. Nothing further is No. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh And I've uh sent a thing off to Marloes talk trying to encourage her again to register for the C_S_V_ and uh and what to the C_V_S_ and uh wha what to do and uh which bit of software I use that seems to be quite easy and simple. Yep. Nope. Well yes and no, as in yes, it's new, and no, I haven't got a problem. Yep. Oh so far. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh y yes. Uh and I am just using it through um a Windows bolt-on sort of piece of software. Yeah. No I've just yeah, straight-forward and then you just right right yeah, r and right click things in in Windows Explorer. That's it. Mm-hmm. On a day like this I know it's a yeah. Mm no. Not at the moment. The only thing that's been going around is the version of the flier. I don't know what real purpose of uh these little folded up A_ four fliers. Uh there's been bit of uh are they just for distribution at conferences and things? Or do they uh Right. Well I I'm not really bothering. But it there's that's what's circulating around the the group as a whole at the moment. Um I've sorted out uh travel et cetera to Munich for e for Ellen, John and myself. And we're all off on the fourteenth of December. Coming back on the Friday. the sixteenth, yes. That's a so that's How to hire or how to interview, is that that uh book. The Spend. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.. Well mm-hmm. Uh what el uh well I'll have to get to grips with cra Camtasia uh properly uh to generate a little sort of introductory video I suppose uh for instructional purposes at the beginning of the experiment. So people will be able to see uh and so that the p you know, example movements uh and things like that will be In Dutch as well. Um well Oh right. Oh. Huh. Right. Uh no, that must have been before me. So uh uh uh p it I Separated. Yes, mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Exa yeah, so the I mean th I don't think I think it'd be more sensible just to do the non the the video part of it first and then you add the voice-over afterwards. Rather than trying to do all at once. You know. Might use. Or are you going to prime them in any way? Doing uh anything with the voice, you know. If you start talking about have to avoid or uh yeah, talking about the parts or just naming them or anything like that. Mm-hmm. Bef yes. Okay. Or did no n no noise in fact I think is probably uh Yes. Uh pro probably actually not even the sound effects 'cause otherwise they'll expect that in the real experiment and that doesn't happen. So if they make move a piece and it breaks and they don't hear this crash and they go oh, what's, you know what's happened. Is that really all what happened. Yeah, it's uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, I think it can generate uh things. Uh-huh. Yes. Mm mm-hmm, yeah. Yes, but uh or in our discussion we haven't mentioned uh it was assumed there'd be a voice over. But I'll I'll I better I'll I'll remind her yeah, I'll I'll I'll do that. Mm-hmm. Yes, 'cause we've got to think of the instructions and sort of basic introduction to it all as well. So Actually I I did email Nijmegen to ask if they'd had a set of instructions they'd given their participants, but it probably I s I suspect so because I haven't had a reply back. Yeah, too too uh it was just in case they had something that what Mm-hmm. No, that should be a problem. I'll be straight-forward enough, I think. Alright, you want take it back. Um oh uh t uh no um th it's not got it's uh yeah, it's i well b actually, I could probably just photo-copy the manual. And there's only a Um yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. Uh oh I've hopefully well, I won't hopefully need it for more than another week or two anyway. So as long as you can hold off his No, no. Right. Um I I was looking at the the complexity sort of uh aspect of the tamgrams in that uh booklet. It's not quite that they just get harder. It's that they kind of have pages of similar um types. Yeah. So one page will have sort of parts that are kind of similar to each other and then you move over and there's a different almost type of design or style. Uh so it's not quite as progressive in complexity as uh No. Google. Mm-hmm. Uh I'll try I'll try. You never know what's what's out there. Well uh um I'm hoping the Dutch input will allow us to p sort of have a rough idea of what was the of a suitable complexity for the task. Uh no, not even that. They've of this relevant type to what we're wanting to use, probably three. Uh we've to generate sixteen in total. Mm-hmm. Yeah, ideally. Mm no. Well I don't. I'm not Uh I'll tr I'll try the good old Google and see if there is uh if there are some sort of ranking sites or whatever. Uh I'll try and find out. I don't know off off hand certainly. Uh I'll I'll do a search. B um I've not encountered them. Mm well or maybe they just don't use mm anything like that I suppose for But I'm not sure if anything's happened since then. Mm-hmm. As little as it is, but yeah. Yeah. Yes. Have to To try and, yes, and home home in parameters and choose the right sort of settings. So yep. I'm sure she'll have views on it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um oh, I found haven't fount it physically yet, but uh a reference to uh a ninety two paper. It's in the royal proceedings of something or other somewhere based on a um an experiment that had blocks a model, blocks of parts and then an area where people had to build, you know, replicate the model out with the parts. Uh just one person at a time of course. But uh it did involve um eye movements and monitoring where they're looking compared to their hand movements and uh that subject. Ballard. Back in ninety two. Yes, I think so. Uh the I'll mm not sure. Yep. Yeah. So there should still be well Not that on. Is it. Y uh-huh. Uh that's what I've m I'll have to try and find out. Uh Hmm. If not um the National Library is bound to have it. She's not here next week anyway. It's next Wednesday or Thursday before she's back. Oh, is that what yeah, she's got a mm Yahoo account or something that things are getting forwarded to and Ah. Or or oh well. That's only if things haven't been getting through. Ah. Um anything else? Well certainly. The the there's the provisional list of what we need on the Wiki anyway that I put it up. So Mm-hmm. Um well I I added things to it. Well, better uh Well I don't know when he last looked at it. But uh Or when I added it. It was sometime in the last two weeks anyway. But uh Mm-hmm. That's what they're getting. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it It's the it's the dynamic regions that uh I think might cause a bit of trouble. But uh That filter Mm yeah, filter out. Unless y Yep, I think so. To do. Hmm. Watch out Well I think according to the latest documentation uh you're down for five percent of your fifteen months on this project or something. Some b uh JAST report. Officially. Into reality, uh-huh. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But

Yeah. Yeah, we'll go we've got the mailing lists out now, isn't isn't it. So it's everyone should know about it now. Yeah. So so everyone on that list has now being reminded. Yeah, don't store anythi anything sensitive on yeah, don't store anything you you care about on the machines. So Yeah, with the yeah, I mean I di I di I did do hard dri hard drive check um and a memory check, and it says there's no uh there's no problems, but something caused it to go wrong in the first place. So we don't know, we don't know. We'll just fingers crossed and hope ho yeah ho hope that all this is just a software thing that we can just fix like that and that'll be it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean there's there's so what we yeah, one one for one. One we'll try and get done today, yeah, get get Windows back on there. Try and get Camtasia on there and get that tested out, and then that will be I think that's everything we need f before we can before you can start running the experiments, isn't it. So Yep. Yep. Yep, yep. Uh but uh yeah. No, I have to manage to get at things working on on Monday. So that that everything went down like on the Tuesday morning. Um so my m I should get everything working on the um, yeah, on Monday, so sure that the J_C_T_ is actually working, collaborating collaborating between the two machines. Um I had dinner I wasn't actually at dinner but I d have the eye tracker stuff working, 'cause it was just me running roun running round the lab. Um still have to once it's re-installed have to actually do a proper p yeah, of proper pilot and yeah. Yeah. But um but it loo it looks like it was doing all the calibration and drift correction things that s Ellen was wanting on it. So So that don't think there's anything to add to the software for that part. Um Don't think so. Mm. Don't s don't sound don't sound familiar. Yeah. Yeah, so I'll try and try and get Camtasia up and running so I can try it out when when when we've got her coming in. And we'll just sort of do a run-through of proper pilot just to just just so I can see th Yep. Yep. Um yeah, I'll make sure make sure they can actually pick up the f um audio signal as well. Uh so but uh it should be the yeah, the audio signal should be coming out the speakers once it's set up properly. So that should that should make that slightly easier. Yeah, yep. Uh but yeah, so they're fortunate have speakers o on the monitors inside the room. So as long as and what we'll have done is just gonna set up so the uh whatever the asterisk sound is on Windows is what gets played. So so just change sound to whatever you like, just go through the Windows control panel. Yep, yeah so I'll I'll have that running over the weekend. Um so la last week I tried it with a one kilo-hertz sound. Um and it was it c it could detect it, but it wasn't but but it wasn't very clear. Did it with ten kilo-hertz and it's just really clear, where you can tell exactly where exactly where the beep is now. So yeah. So tha it's ju just a matter of um yeah, you just ba basically just play it, just play a ten kilo-hertz sound over the over the speech and then just um compare the two signals basically. Um so I've I've got a little script for doing it. So So Yeah, yeah. Yep, yep, not a problem. Yep, yeah, the the one the one in just installed should have that now. Um we'll double we'll double-check and re-install on software on the on the um eye tracking machines. But yeah, it should uh should be updated without any. So Yeah, so so so we've got like uh a big circle with a white circle in the middle of it for an eye. And we got like a rectangle with two like rectangle buttons on it for a mouse. So Uh no, they're they're they're the same size as the as the original blobs basically. But um so they uh yeah, I think the mouse is slightly bigger, but it's not, you know, it's not it's not hugely bigger. So Yeah. And if it ever ever gets to be a problem in the pilot I can easily reduce the size of whatever. 'Cause that's not too hard. So Yeah. Yep,. Yeah. Uh I'll try it. Yeah, yeah. So so you can you can do it in X_ fig, export them as S_V_G_, and you just get a you just get a list of X_Y_ coordinates. Um and then I'll just write in a little script that turns those X_Y_ coordinates into a part. Well the thing is it's S_V_G_. So so long as I've got something that will output S_V_G_. Yeah, yeah. So I'll als I'll also have a look have a look at that. But the there's there must be plenty of Windows things for th that I o output S_V_G_. Min uh I kno I know I know Um I kn I know Adobe and things have faculties that do it. But obviously they're like a few hundred pounds. Um so, oth but other I I'd b I'd be very surprised if there wasn't a free package for doing it. Um I ha I have a feeling that the um Amaya, the W_ three C_ browser, does it. Have a feeling that that can actually edit S_V_G_ files. Yep, yep. Yep, fair enough. Yeah. Um when will yeah but no I'll I'll create a c I'll create a convex part um just so next week um ju yeah, but it just it it just just happened to be a convex part that I was that I was I was playing with. So it it handled that fine. Um it didn't have any self-intersections, so that might be a problem. So I'll just have to have check that. But Yeah, by by a by a part of it crosses over itself. Um s so it's sorta like a b Yeah, that sort of thing. Yeah. So Yeah. If if it if it becomes a yeah. Yep. Yeah, so for now we'll just just assume that non-interse non-intersecting um and um yeah, and then there's this at the moment the e the S_V_G_ stuff can output ones which aren't closed polygons. But um ones ones you ones that actually had turn up into parts list uh it creates a closed polygon by linking the l end point to the start point. So so uh, yeah, so as long as long as they're yeah, so so so as long as they're they're drawn well enough, it should be alright. So um but yeah, suppose let Nijmegen uh find their find their own S_V_G_, sort of find something that does S_V_G_ and then we'll see if there's any problems. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But it mi it might be worth just checking what software they are using 'cause it might crea it might create outputs slightly different from X_ fig. So Yeah. That should that should be fun. Yeah, I think it does S_V_J_ uh S_V_J_ output. Um so I'll I ca I can easy double-check if uh Nijmegen can't find anything. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but other than that that was easy enough to install though, wasn't it. It was yeah. Copy and paste the stuff out the off off the Wiki. So Yeah. Yeah, I mean uh also double-checked in that we're not gonna w could access the C_V_S_ from home when I was working from home last last week. Um on Thursday I managed to managed to get in and just just check the stuff and make sure it was all make sure th make sure ma make sure I could access it. So they shouldn't have any trouble accessing it once they've got the log-ins. So Not yet, I'm afraid. Uh well on once uh once I've tried out the Camtasia stuff, I'll see if the if there's any problems, gonna tr gonna try and fix them. If there isn't any problems, next time I'm working on this uh G_D_F_ stuff um so so I've I've I pu uh put on a D_T_D_ and a sample X_M_L_ file on the Wiki for the G_D_F_. So it's ba based on some stuff you put on there on the G_D_F_ specification. Um Yeah, I mean with I cha I changed a couple of things from your original draft. Um so there's not uh there's no longer a separate thing for creating new parts. So just put a start and end time on each part. Uh so So the the you you you had a you had a thing call I think it's mould or so or something that you said which is sort of to create a new part. There's an action to create a new part. Um but I th uh I've I gave each part a start time and an end time um so you can see when the parts were created. So I'm not su so I'm not not sure if you wanna keep the mould or not. Uh Yeah, but it's it's just the G_D_F_ specification page on the uh on the Wiki. I've uh I mean I'll try try to put in justification for for the change that I made uh on the page. So um but I've I've sent it out for review so that s anyone who is gonna using the format can have a look at it. Huh. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mind, when the Yeah. Well the ones that this stuff, I mean, is it's helpful. It was helpful for me to putting it up on the Wiki 'cause I could actually thin think about it as I put it up and say well this is this is why and th this is why I wanna do things this way. Um so Yep, yep. Yep. Fair enough, fair enough. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Well uh well I kn I know on Camtasia, if you got a ca if you've got a Camtasia project, you can have the video and audio stored separately. In which case Yeah. So yeah. So so we just ended the just ended the the Dutch stream, yeah, the video and our audio. And then they can easy create their audio out of mm from that outp Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah.. Yeah. Well one thing uh one one thing that Camtasia can do, you can have little videos when other haven't gotten got any cameras for doing that. But you could like have videos of people click on the mouses and sorta or whatever else, mm-hmm. You can do yeah, you can generate call-outs and whatever. So The might yeah, I'm sure there must be a way of putting big arrows ov or whatever. Um Oops.. No, I'm an af afraid not. I wouldn't know. No. No, no. That's a s that's psychology thing how hard they Yeah, yeah, so this yeah. Yes, yes. He'll he'll just be working with Robin on what analysis we need to get out of the G_D_F_ format. Um so I'm gonna c basically I've got a the gest analyser's the base the basis for uh um ASCII to G_D_F_ converter. Um so what I'm gonna do is actually create an output uh a G_D_F_ output part to it. Um 'cause at the moment uh only outputs the video. Um but it does have internal structures will just make it easy to do the the X_M_L_. So so that's that's what I'm gonna look at. And then once I've done that I can look at the whatever analysis we need to get done out of the G_D_F_. Yep. Yeah, yeah. Yep. Yeah.. Um I think that's it. And I'll t uh yeah, I'll get get working on the Camtasia stuff this week and then so once uh once uh once we've got some some idea about what analysis you want out of this, I can think about whether G_D_F_'s got everything we need in it. Um and f yeah, what analysis we can pull out of it. Yeah, yeah. So I'll I'll double-check the G_D_F_ specification against that just to make sure it's got everything you said that you'd you say you need from that list. Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause they I mean we w we got all this in the ASCII format at the moment and it's just a matter of what data do we need to pull out of that into the G_D_F_ so I can actually do the proper analysis. Um 'cause I think all the answers are gonna be run off the G_D_F_ format 'cause 'cause we've decided that if we went and looked well if we're looking at dynamic reasons and whatever else, it has to be G_D_F_. Yeah. Which is yeah, which is why we have to do it off the G_D_F_ as as opposed to the E_D_F_ format. So Yeah, yeah. So so the G_D_F_ it's got yeah, so it's it's got uh the all th the stuff on the um E_D_F_. So it's just the uh the ASCII file the things like the mouse movements and things like that. And then yeah, yeah, and then on top of that G_D_F_ can also it will also have information such as, right, at this point in time they were looking at the new parts area or they were looking at the target. Yeah. Um so yeah. So the the G_D_F_ is gonna have that sort of information in it. And then also 'cause it's X_M_L_ file, we can then do X_S_L_T_ or whatever on to it to get extract whatever bits of data you need for yeah, for for whichever bits of analysis you're trying to do from it. So Yep.
