Did we get seven out of ten for the other one? Okay. Yep. Not bad. Um I think there is. Just because um the the topic box and all this is um is based on um, oh what's it called, nom no, NITE text area or something. In text area, is that what it is? Um it has some sort of highlighting stuff there. So you should probably look at the Um I'm not sure if it's in-built though, to be honest. What what what wh wh You don't. Okay, I'll do it. Yeah, I w I was thinking about uh I was going that direction anyway. Yeah, that Okay, yeah. So Okay, yeah, I see what you mean. I think. I think. So um I uh have you already calculated all this data or are you supposed to do that? Oh right. Alright. Uh what should it come back as? Numbers. Oh, yeah. Um whatever you give me I can do it, I think. I mean um Um Um so what will whenever we open a window for one speaker um Yeah, yeah. Sh pretty much, I would have thought. Yep. Yep. Definitely. Oh is it? Um the one present. Although we could do th mm we could do the one highlighted I suppose. Mm. Mm-hmm. I mean that would um that would be um implementing what you said, that you wanna see, per topic you wanna see which one spoken most, something like that. So you could you could zap through these topics uh meetings, sorry. And um and it would come up with how much they spoke and you can pick the one that s looks the most interesting. So do you wanna do that then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. So yeah, random things like just like return talking time. Or Yeah. Good. Yeah, I mean Can you put in there what topic was spoken about as well? Then I could use that for the for the topic pop up window. That'd be r That wasn't what?. Yeah. Yeah. Because at the moment if you right-click on a topic window on one of the topics, you have the option of pop popping open a window which gives you a list of all the meetings containing that topic. So Yeah. Yep. So how how would you d how would you calculate that? Would you do the summarisation as you populate it? You know, just yeah, for the global Oh right, so oh, so that that is all sta stored together. Oh right, okay. Okay. Sounds good. So have you done these yet, the no. Mm just gotta decide on what we wanna Um Yeah, definitely. Yeah. So it's all all usable now, can I do it tonight? Hmm. Oh, I see. Yeah. Well, let me know when when it's sort of usable. Or at least What do you mean, a picture? Do you mean just the yeah, but it's not gonna take very long. I mean it's m yeah. Mm. Hmm. Sounds good. So where is that? Is that stored in the uh On your home directory, not in the okay. Yeah. Sounds good. Alright. Yeah. Well, are you wanting to write that in directly or what what do you wanna do with that? If you wanna change my code. You're yeah, but are you do you wanna change that m the original M_ browser file then? Or yeah. Have you done that now? Or Oh, okay, so not the actual one but a copy of it. Okay, yeah. No, I just Well just just tell me when, because I usually I usually work on my own copy for for the day and then update it without checking if th if the one in the one in the shared one has changed. So Okay. Yeah, let me know. Yeah. Cool. So is that what you're working on now then, to in to rip to present the results nice overall? You mean the hi highlighting stuff? Or Yeah. Actually for um um for an N_ text area, whatever it is, um they they defined some ha handy highlights on that. So you've got different different highlights. You've got just look at the the what they wrote about it. They've got like user highlights, um selection highlights, time highlights and something else. So you can quite easily if your text area is called area, you just do area dot set highlights or something, you know. Something like that. That's the way I did it to to highlight, to cross-highlight between topic and then transcripts. Sorta thing. Really? Really? Oh yeah, allocates more dat more room or whatever. More memory. Does it talk to you now, does it? Yeah. Spent too much time in front of it, I think. Mm. Right, well I've been uh I've been doing some random pop-up windows for the speaker characterisation, which is good. So I can feel that in now. The windows are all there now after lots of fiddling. Well, you know, just the pop uh pop-up window was difficult enough. Because um it it m basically has to set up um like whatever ten pop-up windows in memory, as in already initialize them, because there's there might be ten speakers that all have to have different mee windows and Um and I'm working on when you click on a topic to see a list of the of the topics of of of the meetings that that topic was mentioned in. And I have uh a question about the we said we wanted a start screen. What kind of start screen do we want? I mean do we want some general blurb about welcome to the browser or something? Some animation dancing on. Yeah. So do we want yeah, maybe we could write an on like the whatever it's called, the the top of the window saying welcome to the meeting browser.. Yeah, but how? M I mean at the moment the way it is it's uh it's a drop down menu, as you've seen, um with all the and that because it's it's the dialogue class that you use there. Yeah. I mean I think they should have two options, either load up a meeting that they choose or do a search. And through that, once you've got the results, you click on something and that loads up the first Oh. Does it? Oh. Oh ju just bec mm. Oh. Can you not get this nom object um I suppose we wouldn't wanna use yeah, we yeah, we wouldn't wanna use N_X_T_ at the beginning anyway, because we don't wanna search um locally, we wanna search globally. So d so let's say Well no, then they would open the meeting first, right? So let's say they have two options, either pick one meeting or search globally to find a meeting that they like. Yeah. No, but why do we want default? I mean just you know. Yeah, but local search. We can't do global search without anything. Pretty much. Yeah, I mean the local Yeah. But yeah, the the global um inverted file search gives the nom objects basically to the local search, right? Well yeah, th that's always gonna be the case with search. Mm. I mean you can uh you know, the option is to do a search in the way that you d if you do a global search, first as a first step, and you return the meetings, as in they're not even the meetings but the name of the meetings, so you know, say you wanna search for the word language, then it gives you as a result all the meetings that contain the word language. And then you can decide well I wanna search on this and this and this meeting, or only on this meeting, or Yeah. Definitely, yeah. There is um yeah, in the in in one of the papers they have m um names, such as um better understanding or whatever. Even w one of them is yeah, one of them is even even better understanding or something. I I love that. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. Yep. So I've yeah, I've put that in already to Sort of. So yeah, again concretely to the start-up start-up um libraries window. Um Well, can I Yeah, how is that? I mean do you think you would have have time for that as well? Wha what does T_F_I_D_F_ stand for? Oh. Okay. Yeah. Ah. So the general score, would that be a um for the whole of the language or the for all the whole of the corpus? Okay. Okay. Well, you know, you can you might have some general frequencies. Oh, I see. So what would the if we had the these fake topics, what what would the what would they look like? A bunch. Just a list of like three words or something.. Alright. Because that would be really handy then, we can actually test it on the user, as opposed to just doing it and not using it. 'Cause if you just have the segmentation, that's great, but we can't we can't compare it to the to the uh hand annotated, you know, the hand segmented tool. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Yeah, that would work. That'd be really nice. Mm, yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking too, yeah. Well, do we want to? Do we want to? Sort of, but then the main idea was more like to to speed it up, speed the search up, because N_X_T_ over the over the whole of the corpus was just not feasible. But it would be No, but the general inverted file. Oh, yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. That would just be a nice extra. Yeah, I I wasn't sure if it was or not. True. It's true. So what, it's only interim. Yeah, I mean if you have time. Do that as well, that'd be really nice, yeah. 'Cause I mean then then it would give you like if you searched for a word, it would give you the the meetings, but also how often the w that word occurred in that meeting. That would be so useful. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but it would be useful if you yeah. You know, you c if you have a if if you search for language and you return like, you know, basically all of the meetings, you wanna see where they actually spoke about it and where they just mentioned it once. Ah. Language and No, just like Edinburgh and language. alright. And then and then ad add those up or something. Or what? How would you combine them, that's the question. So to come back to the start-up screen I'm I'm I'm I'm very unsure about what that should look like. I mean we wanna for the part where you can choose choose the the meeting, what kind of information do you wanna have about the meeting? I mean the u the the longer name obviously, if there is one, 'cause they don't all have a longer name. What the users that spoke. The users that took part. But then that's probably pretty much the same for the same group. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah, just to give them an idea, general idea what there is and so they can pick a a to um a meeting. Yeah. Yeah, or w you kn yeah. I wanna look at the meeting where so-and-so spoke um of that, you know, sort of some sort of research group. I want that first meeting. Look at that. Oh. Oh. Mm I don't think we need that, yeah. Because we we just wanna have a way of of yeah. Because as soon as they've got loaded their first meeting, y they can they can browse through that quite nicely. Yeah. What do you mean? W how how are we gonna know that? Have a user model. But that would defy the whole point of browsing, right? If you only wanted to look at like five meetings. Well you just you just uh you just scroll down the list and find your favourite one. I mean It's not like they come back every day and do the same browsing. Let's see what's changed today. Mm. Yeah, yep. Oh right, oh okay. Well Yeah. No, that's Um I w I wasn't gonna put any, you know, any any help in there any sort of a explanation of how the browser works, to be honest. I wasn't oh right. Mm-hmm. I see. But I mean the main thing what you wanna do is to view a meeting, right? Yeah, or search, yeah. S and both of those we have and Yeah, that uh all happens for the search basically. Basically, either the user wa knows which meeting he wants to look at and he just clicks on it, or he doesn't and then he searches for one that sort of looks like Yeah. Oh, I see what you mean. Inside the search menu, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's that's what yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that looks about right. Um but I'm I'm unsure about how to how to put all the information in there. Because we need drop-down menu, but we want all the information about the name, the longer name, and the sp and the users. So how d how d No, but the codes I mean at least maybe if they know the codes and in or the to in or the corpus corpi? Yeah. Drop-down is definitely not Yep, yep. Yeah. But then yeah, as I said, how do you do it? Um No no no, I'm not I'm not saying you can you can pick a user, but you should come up with some list, but an extended list of the of the meetings, so you know, you have B_D_R_, whatever it was called, O_ one. And then it gives you the longer name, blah, and then it gives you the, you know, the participants. I was thinking that. Yeah. Tool tip. But then yeah. Uh no, it's not at all, I think. A tool tip, yeah. I've not tried that yet, but I was I was gonna do that. I'm very yeah, very keen on that, yeah. Yeah, I'm not sure what th it is that very is that not annoying if you have to hold your m you know, you ha you have t yeah, y yes. They do that a lot, don't they? No, but you know, to to search for a u pecif pec specific user, you have to hold your mouse over that one, wait for it to pop up, hold your mouse on that one, wait for the pop Um Hmm. Mm. Yeah. It'd just be nice to have some basic information on on each of the meetings. Yeah, I'm thinking that that updates depending on what you've got highlighted. Yeah, maybe that's the best idea then. So you've got a drop-down menu, a search a search button not search, go button. And then Some sort of field which updates dynamically depending on what you've got highlighted. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. I think. Nom. Yeah. What does nom actually stand for? NITE, oh yes. Oh. Oh, yeah. You've got lots of nom something and then NITE something and then N_ something. Oh really? Oh. Oh. No. In most of the descriptions are hints to each other saying you've gotta update this, Jonathan. This is this is uni unintelligible. Great. I know it is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yep definitely. Not very fun. Right, so anyone else got anything to say? Do we yeah, do we want another meeting at the end of the week um with Pernilla? Yeah. Yeah, something like that. I mean uh I think I'm gonna do quite a bit of work this week, so I'll have probably more to talk about. I think yeah. Well If you like. Well, we can disc uh discuss that on Friday if we have one. Friday? What what time? Um I've got a doctor's appointment at ten to two. What? Li W how about qui I can't. Um what I oh, no no, that that would only give us like thirty five minutes or something. Well what how about quite late? Like you know, five or six. Well three o'clock, let's say three o'clock for now. Okay. Right. I'll write um I'll write this meeting up and I'll send it to Pernilla as well. No. Because she's not here. I collect meeting summaries. Yeah, no, we should probably do that at end, depending on So can we just can we just r repeat briefly what we've spoken about. So we've din done uh progress on the speaker characterisation, who does the speaker characterisation. We've mentioned topic labelling with uh key-words. Um we discussed if the search should be ranked. And Michael, did you have anything else? And a start-up window. Oh well, basically not not unless you've got time for at the end. It would be nice at the end. I think it would. Yeah. I think I think it w it would it would give you the most relevant result. No, but for things like if you search for language, then you might have you have some topics which have as a, you know n some some meetings which have as a topic language, they specifically speak about language, and they use that word like in every sentence. And then you've got those that just mention, you know, mention it briefly, like once or twice saying, you know, my language is German or something stupid that you don't really want. So you wanna distinguish those somehow. Or would be nice anyway. Yeah, yeah. Uh for multiple terms we can just do something really simple. I mean Yeah. Yeah, just just just disregard it, yeah. Yeah, I mean you'd you'd just do it really simply, you know. You'll have the results as before, but yeah, yeah. Can discuss it on Friday. It doesn't have to be all intelligent. Yeah, exactly. Mm. Well it's not that many meetings. So that sh that shouldn't is there really? Wow. Ooh. Hmm yeah, that's true. It would be useful as well for a word like language that might occur in all of them. But you wanna find the one that actually contains it usefully somehow. You know, you still wanna be able to search for for the word language. In a sensible way. Well we'll discuss it again on Friday. Yep. Yep. Tick.

'Kay. Hmm. Did you wanna take a look at comments. There's more uh Yeah. Oh? Okay. Excellent. Okay, right, see ya. Okay. Yeah. Mm. 'Kay. Um one thing that I was wondering, is there a standard control that you use to connect the different things? Like if you're in a topic and it goes and highlights the topic in the text or whatever, is there a particular type of control that like is there one of these N_X_T_ or sorry, um NITE controls? N_O_M_ or Okay. Mm. You haven't had to build any new windows to do that sort of thing. Like other topics or well we're gonna do one for speaker I guess and all the rest, right? Or no? No. Well okay, um when we talk about speaker characterization, how are we accessing the list of speakers? Okay. Right. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Actually, I know, that might also help. Like when he was talking about like have an architecture that things are gonna plug into, I mean so that things are all modular, I mean it would be a good idea if we used that same idea for anything else we do. Or what else are we doing? Um actually even the searches or whatever, you know, just any sort of thing. I mean search results, if they're all in a predictable thing with a name, certain properties or a list of properties, a vector. Whatever. Um Mm right. H um yeah. Yeah. Just a matter of deciding what we what would be easiest, all the way around I mean. Oh. Right. Okay. Strange. Right. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So each time are you going straight to the X_M_L_ files for for the information or right. Oh well. Oh, I see. Okay, I see. Okay, right. Right, okay. So it's all just pre-processed and just okay. Thanks. Right. Okay. Right. Okay. That's cool. Yeah, right. Right. Is this is it for the entire corpus? Or is it just like individual ones, like t one fi one object for okay. That's nice. Oh, each meeting, okay. Alright. Wonder if that would be useful for some of the other stuff we're doing. Well, yeah. No. No no. Just Right, okay. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Or just return a null or a blank or a blank string or something, yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Alright. Yeah. Right. Okay. It's a good idea. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Actually I can up-load my stuff as well, I just have to make one change to your file. Just to load this one instead of the the default. So it's two lines of code. So Um what do you mean? Well yeah, just the one thing that's like the action for loading up the search thing. Yeah. Well your version, yeah, yeah. Yes. No. I did in my directory, just uh just do that, yeah. Um I have a copy, yes. I'm yeah. But I will yeah, I was going to update that one just 'cause yeah, it just makes sense that then you then you can test out yeah. Right. Right, yeah, and then update. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't I haven't made any changes to it yet. So yeah. Um yeah, I'll just make that one and I'll let you know. 'Cause yeah, like I say, two lines of code, if that. So, anyways um and then you can play. There's not much to do yet. But Have to get better results, like better presented. Yeah. Yeah, and just um to wire in the the topics and uh summaries. So um yeah, that's pr Well, also yeah, like that, that as well. So yeah. Yeah. just wanna find out what kind of objects those were that um for the other ones. So It goes in and highlights, 'cause that's I know. Hmm. Oh yeah? Okay. Right. Okay. Okay, sounds good. Um so yeah, just a few more things to do with that and then uh once Pernilla gets the uh the index, um then that's gonna be kind of fun. Like I'm just wondering, have you had to well the way you're doi I was gonna ask if the way you were doing it, you were loading like a new corpus each time for each meeting, but you're doing the objects. So you don't need to just uh 'cause if we're if we do have t like if the inverted search says that there's, you know, ten documents, are we gonna have to load each of these ten corp corpora just to um do the individual next uh N_X_T_ search? Yeah, I think probably, yeah. Are you serious? That's a Yeah, okay. That's insane. 'Kay. Right, okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. Okay. Hmm. Or just or is it more like right. Oh right, yeah, exactly. It doesn't take too long, no. Just we have to yeah, while we're debugging we'll probably be getting sick of it. Um but no, or something that just sort of guides them to the most obvious things. Yeah. Hmm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right. Mm should mm. Yeah. I was just gonna ask if we should assume that they all wanna load a meeting first, but not necessarily. I guess if they're doing a search on the entire, yeah, corpus. Yeah, that kinda makes sense. Right. Well we can put the logic in a, yeah. I could probably even that s shouldn't be too hard to put a check in there. And if it hasn't loaded then force him to load one. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Unless they know what meeting it is. Well yeah, it's hard to Yeah. Yeah. Or well the things they may n just be looking for a word or whate you know, like and if it shows up ten different meetings, then at that point they'll probably wanna like we do we want to like if it dumped by default goes with the first one and they want number five of the ones that are returned, I mean then they have to go through the Well no, t like to load up Like the thing is that I think Uh like when it loads up it'll load up the transcript window and the, whatever, other window. Right now I think just the topic ones. Um Although the time is probably more um caused by loading the actual data. So I'm just thinking if it's kinda like you were saying, you have to have a nom object, right? I mean before you do a search at all on this. Yeah. Okay, right, yeah. That's true, yeah. Yeah, but the okay, the global one feeds into the local. Um so if we're getting any usable data it's it's gonna be doing a search on each of those files. So it's gonna be loading up each of those one at a time to get the data that we wanna Right. But it's it could be time consuming, like if there are ten documents that hit with this thing, then Oh. Um yeah, well I'm j just thinking of some way we could, you know, st cash the results and in a nice little format that'll make things a bit easier. But the thing is I mean if we've got that, then it's gonna be needing really really to load the entire corpus for that meeting, if uh if it's trying to show us where those were, if it's trying to highlight those in the text, transcript or whatever. And we're gonna have to have all that other data in there. So each time when we have a she search window and we have like, you know, ten different meetings, you know, with the word wireless comes up, go to meeting one, then it has to reload the nom object. Next one. I mean that's gonna that could be yeah? Okay, right. It always seems to be slow loading up the first time at least, like that's all I I've been doing lately is just sort of loading it up, test it, try something else and then shut down, load it up. But So um so just sorta based on that as a yeah. But uh if it doesn't take that long each time, then that should be f alright. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. That Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. And that way if they know specifically which meaning it is then that'll save the time. Because I'm sure they don't wanna have the extra loading time either if they could avoid it. So yeah, or they could check mark against the ones they wanna check. So Well I think they were in the text. We can probably do that ourselves and just sort of B_D_B_, you know, just do a a string. Yeah, the long names. Yeah, yeah. Like the the working group that it's part of. Yeah. That probably even might have a. Yeah. Yeah, right. See if it's accurate. Um do we actually need the uh the frequencies? Yeah? Oh right, that. Right. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Well thing is if it's being done, there were there was Yeah. There's a @'s trying to get uh to work on Friday. Um they did have all that and it was sorta built in and just uh had some trouble getting it running properly. Um but it had sort of all that standard sort of stuff, but it w it last I heard it wasn't working. So She was gonna look at, you know, more straight-forward sorta thing that really just fulfils what we need it to do. But if we need the if we do need the frequencies, then Um I don't know. Um well it was would've been like a list of What's it stand for? Hmm. Mm. Well the corpus yeah. So yeah, the probably probably term frequency. Yeah, so the general one is pr yeah, yeah. Right. Actually what's the I_ in T_F_I_D_F_? Really? Okay. Oh yeah? Alright. Yeah. Uh-huh Right. Oh yeah. Well do we need to? I mean we're just looking oh, for for your s for your stuff I guess, yeah. For topic with Um Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. I don't think we had that in the the document. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I know. Hmm. Right. Yeah, b nice to have. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm. Well I don't know. Actually 'cause the thing is I mean typically yeah. But th um the thing is we're just looking for when it happens in a meeting, if they're looking for particular term or something, they just wanna know if that term exists there and where does it exist and I wanna see it, you know. Yeah. 'Kay. But if it's like a two word term, does the T_F_I_D_F_ handle that? It's not a compound noun, it's just two words together. Um in f I don't know. I don't know. Just something like uh Edinburgh University. Yeah. Well, essentially, I don't know. Or sunny day. You know. Hmm. Let's not make it more complicated. Yeah. Because the thing is the thing is that the way we were doing it we were just looking for the words, period, each word in the um in the index. Well that's way we were thinking about it. And then then it's just saying were these two words in in any of these documents, and then if it was then we go closer and do the the N_X_T_ search uh to look for the exact term or the regular expression or whatever. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Or we choose the list of meetings that we wanted to search to do that. So yeah. Um Like I'm just wondering if if it's gonna give us something cool, then yeah, absolutely, but if it's sort like if the N_X_T_ search has still gotta be run to find these terms or these, you know, these patterns, then uh Or also like do um wild cards work for something like that? So if you're looking for wireless, wired, wire, blah, blah, blah, you do wire with a star and um no? Not y actually, that's a problem for me too. So Or Pernilla. And uh Yeah, 'cause Actually it should work, yeah. Okay, then I'm just yeah. Sure that's not too bad. Oh yeah. Oh yeah? Okay.. Yeah, I've got uh somewhere P_D_F_. Yeah, what if it's yeah. Do the P_D_F_s, switch it to Postscript, switch it back to P_D_F_, and then Don't know. Okay, so that's okay, that might be good. Alright. Okay. Oh, I thought we sort of dis you know what I mean. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Or attended, yeah. P probably for the most part, I mean there'll be a set of people that do, and then a sub-set for each meeting probably. Search for stuff or start working or No. Or or browse okay, like search, browse um Like if you're looking for something speci like, is that what you're thinking? Like if they if they know exactly where they wanna go, they wanna go to, you know, that meeting on December third, and they just wanna go there and see stuff, then they can immediately go and browse that. Um Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Browse by meeting, browse by blah, browse by speaker. Like did no, I'm just thinking of different ways we can do that, like different buttons on the top. Like if they're looking for particular person, particular working group, particular whatever, I mean we just uh we could break things down like that to that level of detail if we want. Or we could keep a more general. Yeah. Um yeah, but I'm just thinking like initially, when they load up. What are the range of things that they'd wanna do? Like if they're part of X_ working group, they'll wanna get in there. Um do we wanna save preferences? Well, if they're part of B_D_B_ working group, they're gonna wanna look at the B_D_B_ ones and so we'd default to that. Or don't know. Based on what they did the last time. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah, okay, right. Yeah. Yeah, okay yeah, that's yeah. Right. What was that? Yeah, exactly. I forget. Right. Um okay. Well no I'm just getting back to sorta what could be on the the start-up screen. Like there is just a range of things we could do, we could have like search options, browse options. I mean just I don't know, just playing around with ideas. Um and then we can tie this into our evaluation uh tasks and say well if you want to search for a meeting or search for a user in a particular meeting, then do this, blah blah blah. So we can, yeah, sort of um, you know, guide them. And just like hey, my task is to do this and there's a button for it. Oh, p perfect. You know. You know. I don't know. No no, that's not what I'm suggesting. No, I'm just saying like these are just like a lot of programmes well kind of lame programmes do have that sort of thing first, just 'cause they don't want people to have to go through all the menus and search themselves and just like do commonly used tasks or just exit and just let me use the programme, you know, as well. So Probably or search something. Yeah. Yeah, like find specific meeting. You know, that's an easy sort of thing and. Mm. Mm-hmm. Fits his criteria. Well we don't actually have user names, do we? Aren't there all these codes like AMI eleven or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. In a case like that we do want drop-down. We don't want them to type them, do we? Okay. Um and allow multiple? No. Okay, you're just looking for one specific speaker, right? Yeah. Okay. Alright. Oh for speakers. M Oh. Mm-hmm. A tool tip. Mm-hmm. Yeah. 'Cause Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just so yeah. That's like nice and easy. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Right. Just yeah. Just but it's I think in that case it's the wr write corpus? Is that what it is? Writable corpus or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And N_X_T_ something and Oh. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Area, yeah. Yeah, drove you crazy. Oh God. Hmm. Um not really, just gonna keep on going. Like Friday afternoon or something? Okay. Then we won't have to have the meeting with Steve on Tuesday. Or at all. Yeah. So Do we wanna arrange this get this one earlier maybe? Three or I don't know. Yeah, that's true. True. Mm 'kay, yeah, sure. Um Hmm. Possibly, I don't know. Usually by then it's need a break. Um although well, I don't know, 'cause it's the lab and try and get some work done for the the lab stuff. Yeah. Oh, okay. Ten to two. Or th three o'clock? Or no or you wanna get out. Get away. Okay, right. 'Cause I think she's got a class at eleven. We've all got cla well three of us have class at twelve. Um could go Or if we could try one. We could try shortly after. Well yea yeah well yeah. Well it wouldn't be a long meeting then. Or no. Would you wanna no, probably not. If one's bad for you, then it won't okay. Right, okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay.. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Um there's just sorta the basic implementation stuff that I was wondering about. But um no, it should be fine. Um it's just progressing. Um we d did we decide whether it should be ranked? No? For now. 'Cause Yeah. Well I d I kinda think it would complicate things quite a bit and not bring us a lot. Just because if it is like independently doing the words for a particular document, it's not it's not really getting them together. Like if someone's looking for a particular term. Um I don't know, it just I just don't know if it would bring us that much. How so? If if if they're looking for, like I say, sunny day and, you know, sunny shows up in this document, day shows up, but they're not together. Um or if if they are toge I don't know, it just doesn't you're looking for that term and relevance is kind of irrelevant because if the term shows up, it shows up. Hmm. Right. In in that sense for single for single word yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, create a new yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, but you still have to do the search. You still have to do the N_X_T_ search then, right? If if it doesn't show up. Yeah, yeah, I know. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, it'll yeah,, yeah. Well it wouldn't show up on the search results if it if it didn't exist together. So Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We'll have we'll have to talk to Pernilla about this then, just 'cause uh see how she's uh doing this. 'Cause if we are using that, I mean it does make sense for that, but uh yeah, and just actually yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's sorta what is yeah, that's true. Well the thing is also I mean if it's well yeah. Yeah okay, I see what you mean. Um and then we could actually put that like on the list of um meetings that r get returned. If there were fifteen meetings with language is in, then it's gonna show you those and rank them as to which is the highest. So okay, I see that. Hmm. Yeah. Well the thing is I mean that'll be exactly how we're doing it now, like we're just looking for the two words separately, see if they exist in the same document. If they do, then there's a possibility that they c occur together. And then we do the N_X_T_ search on that document. Yeah, no. Hmm. Um well right now it's not doing anything. So I don I don't know I don't know what what it's doing. But yeah. Well I thou yeah. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Okay. Hmm look through them all. Well Yeah. I think so. Okay. Yeah. Mm.
Oops. Does it squeeze in, aye, like that? Yeah. Okay. Right. Yep. It's going uh. Okay. Sure. just said the same things you just said.. So how we're getting along? T uh I wanted to talk about that actually. Um this speaker, um the data processing is fine, but uh we don't particularly want to do the b the the b the GUI for it. No, not really. If someo if you wanna do that, then then tell me how you want the data presented, how the 'cause Do you want me to tell you? Okay, like, 'cause at the moment, the the the there is I've created two classes, one that represents speakers, one that represents the meetings, and the meet and the information about both is contained within each object. So and then they wr it writes objects and the objects contain all the information about the meetings and the speakers. So that the who the speakers that are at the meetings and the amount they speak, and then the averages are contained with the speakers. So there's two separate class, aren't there. And they all they're two different objects, and you can recall they can write the it writes the objects and then you call the objects back and they ha those returned objects have all the information that they need, and then you can call methods to return whatever you want. Or everything, but that's why I wanted to know how ho what's the easiest way to have the data. Yeah, supposedly all calculated, yeah. Um and all stored as objects, so dot object files. Um which means that you just ret call constructor and call the load thing and call it there and you can create a list of them or a vector of them or whatever you wanna do, yeah. And then or just call them one at a time to populate window. But that's what I wanted to how y how what format do you want the data to come back in. 'Cause it can come back as a almost anything. What's easiest to display on the screen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, ca you could Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So um so I can have it so that it returns you a 'cause at the moment the main data structures are hash tables for the meetings that say it's got one that says percent it's called percent talk. One's percent noise and one is percent participation. Do you see what I mean? So and then it's got inside it's got a link for it's got a it's got the n speaker's name, and then it's got their percentage for that thing. So it can either come back as a you can have the hash table or you can have it returned as a vector, and it will say noise. Uh just a string is noise w X_ percent. It will say vector this cou I don't know, whatever. W you can either have it th you could either have it you could i have it like an embedded in vector or array of strings and each one represents one person or whatever. What the what the easiest thing dec how how you wanna display it. Okay. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah. See that's the ca How did we Can I have a look at that again? Okay. S If it's in that format, it's speaker. It's speaker speaker is the uh controlling thing, not yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So all of this uh all that's calculated as well, stored as speaker objects. Yeah, that's that's easy. Some are quite amusing actually. The uh the influences of I lived in Germany for six months, don't know if that had any effect. Just spend too much time talking to Brits. That was bizarre thing., where did these people come from. So then the all that's calculated as well. All I have to do is get the dialogue acts. I don't think that'll be difficult. Um So then does this how does is how is this box populated? Is it populated by the one present or the one highlighted? The one present, okay. 'Cause at the moment I'm using there is there are methods that say um for the using, for other talks. So that's and it says like get get talk time, and you and y it takes a name, so that w could call that would call that and call the meetings method that said return that, and that would populate that, which should be an easy thing to do. Um and the same for that, comes out there. Meetings. Yeah, yeah. Yep. Yeah yeah, that would be easy as well, yeah. Yeah, okay. So I'll w I'll just leave in lots of methods that st that'll just return one number at a time. That'll be the easiest way to do, yeah. Okay, yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Get talk time I think it's called at the moment, something like that, yeah. No, it's stored as an object file. It processes a whole lot off-line and stores it as an object, and then they're much much smaller. They're only like a one um one thou one K_. Yeah, it's all pre-processed. And then it's just each method object's got a return bunch of return methods. You have to g re-create the object. It's got a load method. So what you do is you call a null constructor, 'cause if you call the th proper constructor for each meeting, it goes off and does all the processing and stores own object. And then um if you call a null constructor, then you pr call load and you can call load and whatever one or all of them or anything like that. Go through a list. Yeah. One object for each meeting. Yeah. Although yeah, yeah. Although you c Yeah. It's just tell it tells you who participated. At the moment it tells you who participated and the amount they participated in percentages, and in time as well. Yeah yeah, that'll be pro that'd be easy, yeah. Yeah, if that won't be too difficult. But that would be that would cause a problem with anything that wasn't annotated for topics. Oh yeah. No, topic specified, yeah have a default, yeah. There are some there are some default actually. The um a lot of people don't get their own ch and other stuff. But Yeah. Okay. Right. Y oh yeah, that wouldn't be a problem. And then you could do a search over the meetings over the objects. 'Cause that's the thing, these these are so small, they can load each o all of the whole lot up and do a search of the whole lot to find who by who and what problem or what topics were in what. So it doesn't crash the thing. What the global statistics come straight off of that, don't they. 'Cause they're just for the meter met th the The speaker class knows about all of that stuff, and the meeting class knows about that stuff. Um No no, but I don't think that'll be too difficult. What we want, yeah. I thought the other stuff was more important anyway, so I did that first. Mm no, design the GUI first, and uh 'cause it it w the problem is if you change the classes, it the object's serial numbers change and you can't re-load the object, so all the processing has to be done over again. And I haven't quite finished it. So It would become out of synch and get a bit funny. If I gave you one if I gave you it one and you worked on it, and then I changed it and run the thing again, you wouldn't ever be able to load the objects back up. And you'd have to and then you'd have a v multiple copies of objects all over the place and it'd get silly, I think. But if you can if you wanna make the picture c you can do that without anything, I'm presuming. Ju just the That, yeah. The text box. 'Cause that doesn't Okay. Alright. Well it won't take very long to get it all finished. But I think I'll need to have done all of this stuff too first. 'Cause otherwise the objects won't be the same. No, it's on my home directory. Yeah. No, I haven't global yet. When it's finished up global, otherwise it would get confusing. That way it doesn't crash if you try and load all ten in one it crashes, doesn't it. It it's a bit dumb, if you can fool it, if you c if you c load up ten different si engines simultaneously, it can do that fine. But it can't do them it can't do them if it thinks one, 'cause then it's about the amount that each if you you have to kinda call a new class and then it will do it fine, but if you don't then it won't l Yeah, it says okay, oh yeah, I've got all this space, you can use some. Otherwise it goes oh no. It talks to me, yeah. Say nice machine, it goes Oh, they're done, are they? Okay, cool. They pop up. Uh yeah. Welcome to the L_S_ N_L_S_D_ browser. Some some some speech and some music, some drum rolls. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or a switch-board that comes up that's just a blank form like that with some buttons on. Load me a meeting, load me a search, load me something else. Whistle a tune. Yeah. Hmm. I that's cheaper than X_T_ search. It would need you to have a meeting loaded before it will start doing any searching at all, doesn't it? You can't the the only thing you can search is a NITE object model, and the only time you get one of those if you've loaded an observation. Yeah, which we but doesn't that way c you cou you could use the inverted file search to return a list of of meetings and then use one of those to load a search. But you won't It has to be an observation, and even if you go and se you can go and search the whole corpus from that, but you have to have it has to start with something for some bizarre reason. The engine there's only one there's only one search method to the search engine. Uh the engine class only has one search method. Yeah, yeah, globally, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. It doesn't take long to load up anyway. You can load a dumb one up that doesn't have any Exactly, yeah. Yeah. But only gives one at a time anyway, doesn't it? 'Cause otherwise you'll crash the thing. Yeah. It's not too slow though, that thing. It shouldn't it's not it's not too bad on that. I don't think that will be a much of a problem. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Ma make it strings for as long as possible, and then only return the things when they actually needs to has to search. When it needs to be loaded. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did we think about um better names for the meetings? Oh do they do they re-translate them? Do they? Okay, well that's alright then. We'll just use that then. Well that's what's the that's the working group, is it? Okay. I wanna see the meetings about even better understanding. Okay, that's cool, that's good. So who would the the um I_D_F_s? I mean the D_F_s. The document frequencies for each word in the corpus. Yeah, to do um what Steve's talking about you do. To do the topic labelling. If somebody's done the keywords or the the g I_D_F_s or the D_F_s already would. Can't you do any better for our search without the T_F_I_D_F_? I think you need to. It's the amount that they occur over documents. Basically, the amount they D_F_ is the document frequency is the amount that each word occurs um no, what is it? Term frequency is the amount that that it occurs in ea one of them is the amount it occurs in each document and the other one is the amount it g occurs generally. So if you so the more it occurs in specific documents, compared compared to its general score, the bet more informative it is about a certain The corpus, the corpus, still data. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. But plus a stop list, so you remove stuff that doesn't ta it like yeah, and then the, which is gonna a a prob basically equal score. Or a massive Bunch of key-words. That'd probably be easiest thing. Key-words. Yeah, key-words, three f three, five words. In both documents. Yeah, term frequency inverse document frequency. I did do it once, I do have a Java class that does it for something, I don't know whether it'll work with this. But Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. also key-words gives you a a whole new type of search. You do keyword search. But you could do key-word search could be topic search, can they can be the same thing. Instead uh it would just search for key-words when it when they you tell him that with topics, but actually get searching with key-words. For each do you see what I mean? But I suppose even calculating the the w the the what's-its-faces themselves would be too much too long. The easy bit is it's probably the easiest to calculate them based upon in their whole occurrences in i in the corpus than it is to calculate them per topic, 'cause you don't have to integrate as much information. No, you can do you can do search without T_F_I_D_F_, you just can't rank the search. Yeah. No no no, but that's what isn't that what the idea was in the first place to rank these rank the results so that Yeah, but that won't slow it down. Ranking it won't slow it down. Yeah. It still uses an inverted file, but it ranks the results by the amount by the higher yeah. I thought that was part of it, but yeah, okay, it doesn't matter if it's not. Um No, we did Yeah. But yeah, I guess uh if you do if if that's not part of it, don't worry about it, it doesn't 'Cause I'm only gonna do this if I've got time anyway. So Yeah. Well it'd just give you a rank. It would that was the whole point was to if you say, this is your top one, this is your bottom. Yeah. But say but it's How how informative? That T_F_I_D_F_ is an informative score, isn't it. So Depends how you treat your compound nouns. like what? As a compound noun. Uh Sunny day, yeah. And like an adjective, yeah. Um in its most simple form it would do a separate rank for each one, each term. You could make it more complicated and make it do for th for the yeah. Yeah. You can just add 'em up, or you can Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you don't wanna start looking for bo Yeah. Um I guess you just do a sum of the um of the the individual T_F_I_D_F_ for each term returned, and that generally will be a bit crude, but it will give you a d score, and the higher the more uh more informative each term is for each thing would give you a a thing. It's pretty crude anyway, but it's just looking for um if it's all it's gonna do is look for six separate c oh, 'cause then it's gonna go into the N_X_T_ search and return that, isn't it. So mm Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's true. So yeah, that's less crude isn't it. But um Groups of terms. Yeah, without doing any like um word pairs, which is just omission. Yeah, I don't know how that works. That's how I remem Yeah. But then the idea is, that gives you an informative score. How you combine that is is up to you. I guess it there's lots in the literature. I if s if you were is there's a lo whole load about it in Manning and Schutz. So They've got a whole chunk about it's so just I_R_, isn't this. Basic information retrieval. They've got a big a good chapter on it. If you haven't got it, it's on Cognate., yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. Hundreds of P_D_F_s. Yeah. Okay. Do you want that on the start-up screen, yeah? 'Cause Yeah, I guess so. Yeah, yeah, I guess that's useful. Uh you can have a save preferences. You could have a save preferenc preferences, I guess. Well alright, call it favourites then. You can have a favourites. Yeah, it's not enough information, is it, to. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it would be quite good if it has yeah. Just a b search buttons, so just Mm. Yeah yeah. Doofus mode. Or search, yeah, yeah. So if even if it just had two things, just said one sai one said take me straight to this meeting and have a m text-box you can enter it, or a drop down menu. And then another that said search that loaded instantly. It loaded up the search screen. Yeah. Yeah yeah, or one that yeah, or one that Yeah. Yeah. Or the other thing to do is just have search as the default. Just it opens and the search window opens. And that's the interface, and you just go from there. And then that brings up the browser after you f searched for something. Or or the search but the search window could have on it something that said just has a drop down menu that says just and a go button that said take me to this. And so the f so the in yeah, so the f only thing that comes up when you're finished is a um when you start it's just one window like that and it's got all the search stuff like down there. And so this is your search. It's just all here, and here is just go to wherever and a go button. And then from there it takes you to wherever else you wanna go. Yeah. And the other topic says welcome to welcome to our browser. A drop drop-down menu. Oh, you wanna have oh yeah, the users. They're always nonsense, yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, it does. This is good, but if you wanna search a search, if you wanna look for one meeting and just look at it, then that's fine. Um that's that's true, that's or unless you have two. One one is one one there where you got two, one for meeting, one to speak. Or and you can choose, you can go go for go or go for the other. Go on go for both. If you go for both, you're searching Yeah. We could do Microsoft stylie and hold it over and it pops up a thing. Is that complicated? Mouse over, isn't it, or something. Actually in this n Oh let's do that then. You get out of the bloody way, I'm trying to do a search the damn thing. Yeah, that's true, that's annoying. But that's why you could just have a list of your users then. And just you just say I wanna look for this user. Go. Find me. Find me, then then then it pulls up a list of all the ones who got that user in it. And then you search then but then you didn't search. Maybe just leave it, just have them there, and don't worry about the speakers. If they're doing speakers, they're doing search. It's not the same as doing a a quick access. Yeah. Or you can have a f text box there that's got yeah, as you go over them. Then that doesn't get in your in the way. Yeah. The full name and then speakers. Yeah. We can do all of that without even ever going anywhere near loading up a I think. Oh cool. And uh a thing. A meeting, a nom. Yeah. I think it's in the right object model, but I'm not sure. No uh yeah, is you're right, it's the right corpus, yeah. It's the not right corpus and then you got not right elements in it. Got not right attributes in Yeah. I think the N_ ones are interfaces and the NITE one one of the ways round one's an interface and one's actually an implemented class. Uh 'Cause you go back enough and the um the what's its name is not very good. The A_P_I_ is alright, but there's not a lot of description in it. It's very crude. It tells you what Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you end up just it saying returns an N_ text box. Okay, what's that? Doh. It's a implementation of an N_ text interface. What's that? Oh, it's a extended version of a Stop it. Might be useful, mightn't it? Yeah, I should have more to talk about. Oh, for next week. No, just after S_P_ two. Yeah, yeah. I don't mean straight after. Yeah, for that. Yeah, that could be quite good. Right. Um Friday morning? Three o'clock. I don't know. Maybe I do, I'm not sure what I'm doing this weekend. Um Two. Should we say three o'clock and then if there's a v serious problem, I'll tell you. It's might not be too we th I don't think we need a probably Three's better than five or six. three so say three o'clock and then um if there's a problem with that, then if three o'clock's a problem, five or six will be a problem, 'cause I won't be here. But I don't think that won't be I'm not sure. Is she collecting them? Oh, you're just sending it to No. I mean, is she collecting oh right, oh yeah, sorry. Yeah. School for the gifted. Yeah. Well I thought somebody was collecting them. But right, well that's what I thought when you said that. Then we'd know who's missed them or who's if we've done any. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah, that would help a lot for that s for single terms it would be very useful. For multiple terms, unless you wanna do something there will be a way of doing it for multiple terms. Yeah. Or you could do it and override it by the you ca you could just ignore the d ranking if it doesn't show up together. Or you could perhap you could penalize it, you could just put a b weight against it. Yeah, you do the N_X_T_ so so it doesn't show up together. Either disregard it or put a weighting against it. So if you g how many pairs you get, you can Yeah, so then just next. Yeah. Yeah, might have to talk to Pernilla about that. 'Cause some things you're gonna get a lot of results for. And if the one that you got just happened to be at the bottom when it was actually the most relevant one, something like that would just push it up. Yeah. Which is the highest, exactly. And um also with their something like sunny day, the um if sunny and day aren't mentioned together a lot but sunny just happens to mentions once, then its term will be low and it will push down the other one if you combine them. If you just dup add them together. Yeah, yeah. But you have no ranking system at the moment, so if something's an amazing w highly ranked thing from T_F_I_D_F_, it could just be ignored because it falls off the bottom of the do you have a assuming you only have you have a return all results for all so you type language and it returns seventy five meetings. Yeah, there are already seventy f but there are seventy five meeting. Yeah, yeah. So if it m so yeah, if you return seventy five, wh where do you stop? How do you rank them or something. Or returns twenty, even if it returns twenty, do you cut off at ten, do you rank them, do you what's the threshold? Something like that would be Look through them all, yeah. One at a time and Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So is that it? We're done. Tick. I've signed off already.
