Could have one for your stereo, one for your D_V_ player. Yeah I kinda had a a kinda a natural kind of a idea where it's like more of a kind of like a kinda maybe slightly like thinner, yeah, kinda like that kinda like a flower or a plant for the more natural kinda Uh yeah, just click there. Uh the the maximise button. Evaluation. The the product or the project? Um, well well my presentation just now? Sure, uh can I get the Cheers. There we go, oh. Method of evaluation testing the product was to just if it met all the criteria all the conditions that we set out to set out to solve, from the point of view of the the consumer and the management. So what I've been asked to do is, on the whiteboard um gauge our team response to these questions. So, on a scale of one to seven, one being true and seven being being false. Yeah. And then at the end just take an average Yes. So uh. So, look at these questions. Is the device f flashy and fashionable? So uh and also uh technologically innovative? Easy to use? Uh suitable for the consumer? That was um Yeah. Uh is it complicated? Doing pretty well so far aren't we? Uh functional? Um. Where are we? We've b built in the the speech, where are you, function. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. And uh, what else? The R_S_I_ compares to the current standards, well. We we uh yeah it was our it was a we made an actual effort to Um will device appeal to all age groups? Yeah, uh that's a good call, yeah. Well we had the we had the data saying that old people will be less likely to pay extra money but the funct the increased functionality, the e ease of use of the device might make up for that. Mm. Uh can you just click the my mouse to move onto next page? Uh, yeah and what h did we make the management's Um. Okay. So uh one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven. Eleven divided by eleven's one so equals average of one. And that roughly concludes my evaluation of the of the product.
Mm. S And so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic, just kind of a light non-descript grey so that people'll wanna buy the covers and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make iPod covers, so they kinda just stretch over. Yeah, well I I didn't know that but yeah they're kind of it's just kind of a rubbery and that way you know spongy like is something that people wanted and it just sort of stretches over and that way I think probably helps protect it a little bit too as well and just kinda stretch it over and it'll just stay on and then the buttons come through and so and then the each one of 'em on the very end will have the logo with the yellow circle and the R_R_. Yeah. Like that. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, just kind of Or just make it little. Somewhere like that so it just sort of Yeah. Bu. fall over. Yeah. Yeah.. 'S a little longer. Yeah. I think it is yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think it made we met all of the consumer wants. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Yeah I think just the simplicity of it and not having to learn to programme and not having you know a million buttons. Under the cost. Yeah,. I mixed up the colours a little bit. I think I all wrong. Mm. Ps I don't think so, I mean I think we worked well together and looked really at what the consumers wanted and what we were trying to make and you know, seemed to discuss things pretty well and come to group consensus and Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Okay.
Uh okay we basically have the same kinda lay-out here it's just um you hold it like this and it gets kinda moulded to the to the shape of your hand, basically. Um on the left we've got the scroll for the volume, on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda so you can hold it and scroll, or you can hold it and and push. Uh this is the power key, um it's kinda like the biggest so you know how to turn on. Uh that's the little menu key. This is the infra-red section so you g it'll be sending rays and if you're you know pointing it like that it can send it, or if you hold it up like that it'll send it. Uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands so you can you know talk to it like that and it'll still understand. Um the logo is down down there um and has the cover on it and you can see like it just kinda goes the red bit's the cover and it kinda goes over everything and then there's holes for the buttons to come through. Um. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But it's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers you actually have to screw them on and stuff and you kinda sometimes have to get someone to do that for you. This is very much you should be able to stretch it over yourself and it'll be fine. Yeah. Yeah. Li that'll be the covers as well, yeah yeah. Yeah it could stand, yeah. Well we could broaden the broaden it out a bit so it would stand like that. Yeah, standing. Yeah, we could just widen it out uh Mm. Mm. Mm, yeah, yeah. Have to if we just lengthen it I guess so it comes down to the base of the hand and then flatten it out and could sit there. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. We might have to lengthen it so it kinda your hand still holds it and have it there, yeah, yeah, yeah like that, like that. Yeah. Mm. The final product would actually stand up, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Wee Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah I'd say definitely a one yeah. Yeah, defi yeah, yeah Yeah. Yeah definitely. Yeah. Yeah definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm-hmm. No, not at all. Uh Yeah it is sorta the the handle more ergonomically correct as well. yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. I I I think it will tend to appeal more to younger aged groups just 'cause we have gone with the fashion focus and the younger people tend to would be more conscious of that aspect of it, but um I think it should still appeal on a certain level to everybody, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yep. Well done us. Excellent. Oh no that's Uh.. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yep. Yep. Cool, thank you,
Right well. Welcome to the what should be the last of these meetings and uh it looks like we've uh done a good job here and uh we'll just go through the the final uh the final details. Um okay, oh the um th the the minutes of the last meeting uh I think we'll take those as read, um Okay the um th the the next uh thing we we we'll have a look at the uh th have a look at the prototypes and uh look at the uh evaluation criteria and finance and then uh uh just tidy up with production and um and then we can close. Um So f if if you'd like to uh present your your proposals. Uh-huh. Yep, yeah, good, good. Uh-huh. Yep, right. Uh-huh. Yep, yep, mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Yep yep. Yep. showing me age, I don't know what i c iPod covers are like. Yeah yeah. Uh-huh. Okay, yep, right. Okay. Yep. Okay, good yeah. Yep, right. Yeah, yeah. I mean tha it's it's a detailed point, I just wondered I mean h how will people put these down I wonder? Right. Okay for some strange re reason I had it in my mind that they'd put them down vertically but uh uh Yeah, uh no because particularly if they've dif if they're gonna have it as a you know as a fashion item uh I mean it it's uh it it's just I mean it's just a minor detailed point, but um as you say you can just make the base a little bit bigger and uh Yeah and uh it just needs another uh another logo somewhere is is is is all it gives gives people the option and if if say if they've got them um because actually have several upon the uh Yeah, well. Yeah but that that's uh but uh no the the the overall uh the overall concept is uh yeah yeah, no no, I mean that's these uh Yeah. But uh yeah but no th but the yeah the the the Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean it it's uh wouldn't wouldn't do that, indeed yeah. But th th but th yeah th b the these were all minor minor uh minor details, I think the uh the basic concept i i is is absolutely bang on and the i it certainly meets our criteria of being uh of you know looking different. Um, so good that's that that's excellent. Um right let us um What's on the next one? Oh right yes, let's have a look at the um f finance. Um, now we're given a a clear design brief, uh if I get the uh spreadsheet up. Oh.. Oh right. Ah. Good, this is why we need to make these things simple so that the uh the the the boss can understand. Now I've um this is the company's uh uh costing for for various uh uh aspects of design and I I I've treated some of these slightly uh liberally given the constraints placed on us, um I wouldn't know for in for instance if if they require us to have it in the corporate colours, then that is not a special colour, that's a that's a standard colour. Uh, so we're just simply on batteries, the the one th the one decision I've had to make is that um we're we will have to find a s a regular standard chip to to do this with and I I um I'm I'm I'm certain that they they are around so, um that I don't think is a a serious problem. The uh the the voice sensor is is expensive but we we made a a basic decision that that was absolutely fundamental to the to the design so that that has to stay. Um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it's it's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves but on the other hand because of our overall fashion concept um we we should exceed the the sales targets. Um it's simply made of plastic so th that's uh that's no problem and uh um just because the whole the colour of the the whole thing that's uh uh there's some cost there. Um and uh we haven't actually got a scroll wheel we we we got push buttons and and a simple uh um slider so um and the and the the buttons are uh uh well I do don't know that they're special colour. Anyway the the costings uh come in at exactly on target at twelve point five uh but I thi I think we have a a very strong case to argue that uh what what we've got is is so in innovative and uh and different that um any any slight compromise we have to make on on cost is is offset by the uh you know the uh you know the the the the concept of it being a a fashion accessory and and having the the interchangeable covers so uh um you know the if if if the management expect us to be techno again fail again technologically innovative um that they they have to accept that we we can't operate absolutely within uh the constraints that they give, so uh we we we present this as the uh the company's uh the the company's way forward and uh uh I I think we can argue that we we have uh come in on on budget. Um. Okay, uh. So um. Does anybody want to uh uh Andrew do you want what do you want to say about um the uh yeah the evaluation where where you know well where where we're where where we're at? The the the well the I meant the product. Yeah. Oh sorry yeah um, mm. Mm. More loud clicks in the microphone. Seven being a nice round number to work to. Tr On for true and seven for flase. Yes. Well I think most definitely. Yes the voice technology indeed. I don't see we could've made it any easier. Totally. No. Yeah. found easily. yeah I mean that's that's Yeah. Does it take long to learn to use? Shouldn't. Less buttons so it must be. So yeah, um um. I think it will because I mean uh old older people who can't manage the buttons anyway will actually probably like the like like the voice bit so And it's it's it's well I don't think we're actually charging a particular premium anyway, in the end, so Yeah. Yeah. It will appeal f for dif for different reasons but it's it's uh yeah yeah so I I yeah I Yeah, so I think we can reasonably say it's another another one, why not? in in in in my interpretation of management's instructions uh is that yes it it meets the requirement is t it's television only, it's it's simple to use, um it's it's it's within budget, um I it's uh yes an an any minor points we we we argue. So uh I I think we've done an amazing job in uh coming up with what Need a need a calculator for that. Okay, nick the cable back then. Ooh. Right do um either of you want to uh say anything? Mm. Before I uh No. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's right, I mean th this this slide here I mean the satisfaction with uh room for creativity, I mean I think we've allowed ourselves uh as much creativity as the uh the the the product uh allows. Um I won't comment on leadership, uh teamwork I think we've uh I think everybody's uh worked pretty well together. Um we've just about coped with the whiteboard and digital pens, uh I think the results speak for itself and new ideas found, um, again gi no given relatively everyday product, I think we've v very uh very effectively come up with a a new uh uh a new approach. Um are the costs within budget? Yes. Is the project evaluated? We're we're all happy that it it meets all the criteria, um Thank you very much indeed, I think that I think that's uh I think we can go f for an early bath. So I call the meeting closed. Not sure how far ahead of schedule we were there.
