Why are you looking at me? Do I have a choice? Okay. Ooh ooh, things falling everywhere. Right, okay. Cool. Okay. So, my name's Cat and I'm really not very good at this whole drawing malarkey so um Okay. Oh, good point. Ah, the eyes always ruin it. Right. Okay, what do it's eyes like? Okay, cool. Um this is a rabbit. Yeah, I don't think it's furry enough, so we'll make it a fluffy rabbit. Okay, right, it's a fluffy rabbit, blue. Rabbits don't come in blue but you know. Um okay and I like it because it's small and it's fluffy. And one day you'll be able to getical genetically modify them and they will come in pink. Okay? I am the um I need my notebook, mm ooh top banana. Thank you. Okay, cool, I am the Marketing Expert um so like I'm gonna be doing the apparently according to the little guy in the computer that knows everything the user g requirements specification of the functional design, um trend watching in the conceptual design and product evad-valuation in the detailed design um so yeah. Um I'm from Leicester, um second year. Um what else do you want to know? I like sports um yeah, aerobics, kickboxing, spinning um and uh not with rabbits, no no. And vets, I like vets as well. And yeah um and I like cocktails, especially pink ones. Okay? Cool. Is a bit more impressive than my rabbit. I think it needs four legs if it's gonna walk though. They're not just like a big round body and then some really skinny legs and then just some horns. It looks like Eeyore. Horns, draw some horns. Is that a lizard? Is there a difference? If you right click on it you can Yeah, I was looking at the website, and the other things that they've made and I like put down some like inspirational words like that I got from looking at the pictures. So the motto is um we put the fashion in electronics and um so it's something that is sleek and stylish but it's still functional, you know? So I'm kind of thinking, you know like those phones that they have, the new generation ones, where they don't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that. You know, so something heading towards that, so it's not overly I mean I don't know what h most of the buttons do on my remote controls, so I figure how many do you need, you know? Okay. Something that's a little less crowded than this, like I mean you know, theoretically you can do all kinds of things with your T_V_, right? But what do most people do? They turn it on, they watch certain specified channels, you know, and then they turn it off again. Sometimes they play a movie. Yeah, so there's no need to have buttons on it to do that, maybe to do Yeah. So, if you're the kind of sad case that knows how your remote control works, then you know that's fine and you can do it on the screen rather than everybody else having to have those buttons, which just confuse them. Hmm. 'Cause like if you look at the train, it's just very like, there's no extra bits on it, the train on the website and I dunno if you can put it up on the thing um but it is just like a long like thing used for mu moving people, but it looks really pretty too. Mm-hmm.
... Mm, yeah. I didn't receive it yet. Not at this point. Yeah well origi uh at first I thought it was going to be cat. Yeah now I now I understand now, yeah. Yeah. Ah. Okay. Um so my name is Maarika. Where's the pen? Okay. Yeah, well, or I can make it smaller. Uh so um um I'm the Interface Designer in this project and my favourite animal, I m I mean I'm not so sure because I'm not so so very um familiar with all kinds of animals, but I do like dogs. Oh, sorry, maybe I should have shouldn't have said it beforehand but mm hmm. Um well, there are different kinds of dogs, but okay um. Okay. Yeah, maybe it has some colourful patches, yeah. Um yeah and I do like dogs because they are good friends to people and they are loyal. Mm, well that's compared to some other animals like cats. Um they're really much more fun because they are not so independent. Um yeah maybe maybe the fact that they protect their home as well, yeah. Um what it has to do with with my role in the project is hard to say. Uh I hope to be loyal to the project and not to n not to um let people doing similar projects know the details of our project or something, yeah. I'm from Estonia uh, yep. Um so is there anything else you'd like to know? Oh, right, my roles, um so um in the different um stages of the design, so at first I will be responsible for um for yeah, designing the technical functions of the um um of the remote control uh then in the in the conceptual design stage I need to um come up with uh interface concept and then in the last um stage I will be responsible for the int infa for the user interface design. Okay, that's it. Thanks. It looks very very cute. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Wow. Ah, a gecko, okay. Is a ar are they also like lizards or are they yeah, they are mm-hmm. Ah. Mm-hmm. I hope you don't like snakes, do you? Okay. Mm-hmm. Wonderful. Yep. I'm just wondering whether whether there is like any special feature that we want to have w want this remote control have as opposed to the already existing ones. Mm-hmm. Yeah but uh I mean e even though it has to be re original we shouldn't uh go like too far away from from the usual ones, because otherwise the new users will just have a lot of problems with l learning, yeah, yeah. Hm-hmm. Okay. Thank you. See you.
Okay. So, this is uh first meeting of this design project. Um and I um like to show you the agenda for the meeting, I don't know if it was sent round to all of you. Maybe not. Anyway, this is the the plan for today's meeting is um firstly just to introduce the project briefly, um although I'm sure you've actually got some of the information already. Then the main purpose is to so that we get to know each other a little bit more. Um then we want to practice using some of the tools that we'll be using during the the course of the design project and the meetings, um specifically the whiteboard over there. Um then we need to go through the specifics of our project plan um and discuss come up with some preliminary ideas about it. And then that's it. So we've got twenty five minutes to do that, that's until eleven twenty five. S so any any questions? Is i not at this point. So this is our project. What we're aiming to do is to create a new remote control for a television. Um we want it to be something original, something trendy and also something user friendly, so it has to be quite intuitive that people are able to use this product. The method that we're going to use to complete the project, that has three components as such. There's the functional design of the the remote control. We're going the way we'll do that I think is to to work individually initially and then come together for meetings to to work on that. Um similarly with the conceptual design, we'll start off by working individually with our own expertise on our own laptops and then we'll bring what we've done together. Um and then the detailed design will come after that. We'll pull it all together. I think it th w we're talking the the functional design is more your um area of things where you'll be we want to look at what functions we need in the remote control and what what specific things it it has to do but the conceptual design is um perhaps bigger than that and includes the how people are going to use it and and that kind of thing. Um I think we'll we'll start that initially with the functional design already but then yeah. Okay, so that's just a brief overview of the p the the project itself. Um what I'd like us to do now is simultaneously introduce ourselves and start using some of the tools that we're using for for the project, specifically the whiteboard. So each person in turn, I'd like us to go up to the whiteboard, the pen's just underneath it there and draw your favourite animal and then tell everyone what the f your favourite characteristics of that animal are and while you're doing that tell us your name, what your role is and perhaps how your animal relates to the role that you're taking in this project. Would you like to go first? Oh, yeah, p put them in pockets. You don't have to hurry, we've got plenty of time. It's got no eyes. I thought it might be a cat. Yeah I can see by the ears. Mm. Excellent, and what's your what's your role within the team? Mm-hmm. And more about yourself, you're from? Mm-hmm. But not with rabbits. Excellent, to match the rabbit. There's a an if you have not enough room there's an eraser there and you can rub it off. Ah it looks like a dog. the other legs are on the other side.. And where where are you from? Estonia. Good luck. Mm. It's eating. Yeah. Excellent. Right, now now it's my turn obviously. Okay, here's a space. Yeah, I like the cow. I'm Jen. Um I like dogs too, but I can't do that already because I can't draw a dog as well as you can. I like Mm. Hmm. It's a gecko. Yeah. They're Yeah, they're l it's a kind of lizard. And I I like geckos because they remind me of warm places and, and where I was living in Cambodia they used to live in my house and they were on the ceiling and they would make little gecko noises in the evening. I don't like snakes. I come from Australia and we have nasty snakes. That's where I'm from, Australia. I'm from Melbourne and I'm your Project Manager for today and my role is basically to keep things going and make sure that you all work together in a productive way, so that by the end of the day we come up with a great product. Okay. So, let's see what's next in the PowerPoint presentation. So, I've just thought yeah I've just thought about this that we could even put it much more professionally as there we go. Okay, so this is the um overall budget for our project. We've got um we're planning to sell these remote controls for let's make that go away, that means we've got five minutes. Um we're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five Euros each. Um and with that we're aiming for a profit of fifty million Euros. And that's selling them on the international market, not just in the U_K_. Um so to do that our finance people estimate that we need production costs of maximum twelve and a half Euro so that we can reach that profit target. So that's something to keep in mind while you're designing. Okay. Hmm. This is let me just skip ahead to see that's the last thing, okay. We've only got a couple of minutes. Does anyone have any first ideas to bounce around about um what we're thinking of this remote control? Mm-hmm. I think that's probably something that w it's best if we take away with us, but if we all have a think, when we go away from the meeting, what specific things could be um included in this remote control that that are out of the ordinary. Something something new. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. So perhaps some sort of menu-based thing, or Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, no. It could be one button for a menu or something, if you really need to go and do that. Mm-hmm. Excellent. Oh I haven't had a look yet, yep. Mm-hmm. Great. Any other immediate thoughts before we move along? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. It's like those fancy websites that you can't access because you have no idea how to get in, but the designers thought they were great. Okay, so we need to wrap it up now, so that we can go away and get on with some of this. Um we've got another meeting in thirty minutes, so you're you'll be getting specific instructions once you go back to your workspace, but im basically you're looking at the working design, you're looking at the technical functions design, and for you it's the user requirements specification, like you said at the start. Okay? Thanks for that. Uh I'll see you in half an hour. Carry the laptops back again. Do we need to unplug things? Probably.
Mm-hmm. so sh. I'm a bit confused about uh what's the difference between the functional design and conceptual design? Uh i is it just uh more detail, uh as I understand it? Right. How how it will be done. So whe where do we identify the components of our uh product? Uh I think it's it's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the it's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the components of our product? Okay. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. 'Kay. Mm. Cool. Mm. That's not bad at all. Yep... Thank you. Okay um I'll do some I'll rub the features and let the drawing stay. 'Kay um my name is Gaurav. Um my favourite animal one of my favourite animals is a cow. I've got no idea how to draw a cow. Uh this is going to be Yeah, that'll do. Okay, so let let me draw the body first. Big, round body, really skinny legs and they've got a long tail and a long face. And there is some grass there. So this is what I like about cows that they just keeps sitting there eating grass, they do not disturb anybody um they're kind of Buddhist in a way. So yeah, I like cows. Um my my role in the project is um uh the industrial designer, so I'm supposed to design all the details of of the product um ho how it works and whatever it'll mm take during the functional role, what are the various functions that have to be performed by it uh during the um conceptual design, what are the various components of it and um finally, I'm not too sure what was the last part. Um the detailed design, I I guess it will again be the identification of the components and how they integrate with each other. Um I'm from India. Uh I'm doing my P_H_D_ in Psycholinguistics, I sit at the Department of Psychology. Yeah. Thank you. That doesn't look like a cow, does it? No way. Ah okay. Uh-huh. Mm. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think uh i in the beginning uh one thing was that was mentioned was that it should be mm trendy, user friendly and original so um I think your point is relevant as far as the originality is concerned, that we should provide some features that are quite unique to this. Mm. Alright. Mm. Yeah. There is a lot of functionality in there that is not used ninety percent of the time, but will be used ten percent of the time, yeah. Yep. And then use the Mm. Mm. Uh we can aim for I mean we can think about all these little things, but we can aim for something wi that gives a high battery life, although I don't think that um it's a huge problem for remote controls anyway, battery life, uh every now and then you need to replace the batteries. Um Hmm. Yeah. A big learning curve, yeah. Yeah. So, i it should kind of fit in as well, and the stereotype of a yeah. Alright.. Hmm.
