Is that alright? or Okay. Keeps coming off. 'S fiddly. Right. Oh, another one. Ah. Very nice. 'Kay. Okay. Clip. Ah. It's an elephant. Oh my gosh, I'm never gonna be able to draw that well. Does it? Oh. Mm. I have no idea what my favourite animal is. Oh. It's A what? Alright. How. No. Great. Me? Okay. Not quite sure how this is gonna work. Cool. Uh well I'll try my best to draw. Can I just draw the face? Ooh. It's a cat. Which also has what? A big fat body and big and a long tail. Why? Because um cuddly. And usually cats are very friendly. Usually. And they're healing as well. They heal. And they can feel when a human's got problems so So, that's why I like cats. There we are, that's me. Mm. Mm-hmm. Ah. Market range internationally sold. Ah right okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Yeah it's a T_V_ remote control. Well. A new remote control for T_V_. What would I like? Um. Medium. Mm. Twelve fifty. Each. Guess Couldn't we have like one that comes out? Like so you have one in like mm it doesn't have to be really thick. I mean remote controls can be thin bits. And then you have one for your D_V_D_ and you sort of slide it out, and then you have another one, you slide it out. have slides. And then it all comes compact into one. So it's not you actually just putting three or four different remotes together but making them thinner, and um into one basically. So you just flip them out. That would be cool. I was thinking that like a flip. Okay. Um.. But what'll make it what'll make it interesting for people to buy though? I mean if it's if it's just like Mm-hmm. Mm. I think a flip up thing, 'cause you always have this problem of like if it's on this well I did anyway, like we had five or six remotes and they would be lying on the c on the coach, and you'd come and sit down and ooh, the telephone's the television switched on or something. So maybe something that like does have a lid or closes, so you don't accidentally press a button or record button for something. Yeah. But make it like really snazzy and cool people will want it. So make it Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. And even for kids as well. It's um it's safer for them, I guess. Like they don't flick onto channels and all that sl flick onto. Mm. W What does I_D_V_I_D_N_M_E_ stand for? Ah ri okay. these are requirement specification. And I'm marketing. These are requirement specification. So what the user requires in a remote. I guess that's what it says. Mm. So, do we take these off?
Yeah. The back end of an elephant. Aesthetic yep, sure. 'Kay, my favourite animal, uh let's see. Dunno if any of you have seen Napoleon Dynamite before. It's a liger, a combination of a lion and tiger. Have you not seen Napoleon Dynamite? Oh it's a hilarious movie. You have to see it. And and it's best characteristic is it's pretty much the awesomest animal. But you have to see the movie to fully appreciate it. There go. A prairie dog? Oh a squirrel? Yeah, that's pretty good. Alright. So I think before we close uh, we are expected I mean the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer what our what our ideas where. I mean if you wanna go back to the last slide. Uh S Yeah, I think we're I mean before we close the meeting, we're supposed to come up with some ideas for Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think this is just the preliminary, get some rough ideas for what our experiences with remote controls have been and and what we would roughly what we would incorporate into a new one maybe. Yeah, I think we've all got Mm. Yeah it seems like there's like there's sort of a tension between two ideas, I mean, you want you want one remote that maybe can work uh all all of the functions of T_V_ and if you have whatever associated with T_V_ the D_V_D_ player, or something like that, but like at the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something. Mm. Yeah. It g can't be more than twelve fifty per unit. Cost. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure if that's like I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote though, 'cause it would be very hard to use in the way that you mani manipulate it. Oh. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we should uh I guess by the end of this meeting we should have at least a a rough conception you know stage one was technical functions design, what effect the apparatus should have. Okay. Um so I mean we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface, but the the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the T_V_, but also devices connected to the to the T_V_, I mean, be able to operate D_V_D_ players, things like that. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah, I mean. Yeah, that's true, maybe we should just concentrate on having a a good T_V_ remote, and have it be um have it be like ergonomic so it's comfortable to use, uh simple to use, and looks decent and Sorta find a niche for our remote, like market it to a certain kind of p kind of people, certain certain demographic Yeah, no I think you're right. Yeah, rathe rather than focus on Y Yeah. Yeah. Remotes spinning out from other remotes and having little nested remotes inside. Yeah, that's true what you were saying, I mean it doesn't have to have a flip function, it can just have a lock function, so that it's not uh not usable when you don't want it to be usable. I guess that's good good for now. That's me. Okay. Right. Right. Yeah, it does seem like our our responsibilities have some overlap. Yeah. Alright, see you in thirty minutes.
So we're 'kay? On the or No. I dunno where to put it 'cause the Okay. Could you s take it off?. Okay. Are we free to take notes uh Okay. Okay. So are we supposed to bring the little things for the Mm. Yeah. okay. So my favourite animal 'Kay um Um okay, it's big, it's got a great memory. Supposed to have a great memory, we say an elephant never forgets. And uh dunno know why but looks like nice to me. Nice animal. Okay. No. Really? Oh that's a Not bad I would say. Very good. Mm. Yeah. Is this a T_V_ one we are supposed to make? Okay. T But how do we know how much uh, I mean, how much do we have per how much? Twelve fifty. So do we have to be realistic within the budget or Close pr I don't know how much it would cost. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Um have uh one very complicated one on one side with all the D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ access and stuff, and then on the other side o one uh a remote control that would be very very simple with just the channel, program plus and minus, and the just the mute button, for example. I can real keep it really really simple on one side and the other side be very complicated. Yeah. Or grandma as well, you know it's like what is the mute button. No, but you would slide it into uh someth like something on the back would hold like you wouldn't be able to press the buttons, but Start breaking up. Yeah. Yeah. Could be really light or, I dunno, something special. Yeah, 'cause at the end of the day if it says just T_V_ remote, doesn't say com combination with all all the r Mm. Okay. That's Mm. Mm. Har how it works an Bu Do you think our two kind of overlap, because Yeah. I don't
Mm-hmm? Okay. Ooh. Hmm. How do we sta wa how do we start? Does anybody know? So that's this Oh okay, right. Uh.. Hmm. Okay, just hang on a second everybody. I haven't actually looked at this yet. um I haven't looked at it, but let's just start it off and we'll see what happens. If you're all ready. So is the agenda? Opening, acquaintance, tool training and project plan, discussion and then closing. Project aim is a new remote control. It's original, uh trendy and it's user-friendly. Project method, functional design, individual work, another meeting, conceptual design, individual work, and a meeting of details design, individual work and a meeting. Tool training. Try out the whiteboard, every participant should draw their favourite animal and sum up their favourite characteristics of that animal. Um. Uh Miss Industrial Designer, would you like to go first? Yeah, why don't you just c, I think just clip on clip do you have a belt? Or put 'em in your pocket, yeah. Yeah, what's your favourite animal? Is it rude? That's a very good elephant. 'Kay, and you want to write up on there, it says you've gotta sum up your f f your favourite characteristics of that animal. Mm. Okay. Wonderful, well done. Do you want to use the wipe the m the wiper and wipe it off? And Mister aesthetics designer do you wanna go next? No. No. Okay, well done. Yeah. Miss mar Miss Marketing? Um yeah, I think you can just draw the face, but then you'll have to describe in writing how the rest of it looks. That's a very pr pretty cat. Okay, do y do you wanna do some write you wanna just write some words about it? Wow, so they're kinda spiritual. Well done. Okay. Um, I don't actually have a favourite animal, but for the for th for this meeting I'll s draw a little Uh. I honestly can't draw for toffee. Uh. Yeah. no no uh That's exactly what it is. Uh not a very good one Okay, well, you got it's a s It's a squirrel, and I like them, because they're cute and stupid. Right. Okay, so, I guess that was the test to see if this equipment is all working. Mm. Let's move on to the next page. Okay, project finance, selling price twenty five Euros, profit aim fifty million Euros. Yeah. Production cost, ah right it's gotta be can't cost any more than twelve fifty to make. experience with with remote control, so talk about who who's used what. Any ideas? Stuff like that. Next meeting starts in thirty minutes. At quarter to twelve. Yeah. Oh k so we're actually supposed to be doing this discussion like right now are we or oh okay. I thought this was just t giving us instructions for the re to do next, but Okay. Right, who's got experiences with remote controls then? Pretty much everybody. Um. 'Kay um. W what You want it big do you want it small. Are we are we going for like like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we are going for something that's that's big and Video and ts hi-fi and stuff. Maybe you yeah now th that's the other thing is it's gotta be cheap. 'Cause I I I mean I was thinking something that's got different like maybe a a an L_C_D_ display on it that's got different pages for different devices, but that would p that would probably be quite expensive. Per unit, yeah. Well at the moment we could, wa I mean we 'cause we this is what we th what we're doing at the moment is just saying what what we'd like, and then after we after we've found out what we can like, some different ideas, we can then go and do the research to find out if these any of these ideas are feasible or not. So would be nice to have something that that controls lots of different things. Um. 'Kay. Okay, that's. Th that's an idea. Okay. One side for kids, one side for adults. Like it or something like a flip telephone, something like that maybe. F flip it open and you've got all the buttons, or you flip it closed and you've just got the basic buttons on the outside maybe. Um, oh we've got five minutes left. But okay. Well we've got a k we've got a few ideas there. Yeah. I have got I think we should also have a back-up plan of I 'cause I I I just think that it might be expensive to make something that I mean we don't, we haven't been told it has to be something that will control everything. We should have a back-up plan of just a really good television remote control, that just that is just for a T_V_, but it's just a really good, nice one. What do you reckon? See 'cause, I'm just thinking bearing in mind th we've gotta we have to have something that's cheap to make. I think we'll be able to come up with ideas and stuff a lot quicker. Yeah. May w you know, maybe even Or maybe even so something that's for disabled people or so people that uh b don't see very well or big buttons for touchy buttons for Yeah. Or just one that looks really fucking cool. Otherwise we'll be we'll be here all day talking about do this let's do that n I think we sh I think we should Yeah. I mean obviously everyone we're uh you know uh sounds like we're all a bit sort of gadget heads and we like things that do everything at once, but you know, that's Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. I mean I'd like one that makes tea as well, but that's not gonna happen. Okay, like a lock f like a lock functs function on it like you have on your telephones, yeah. Yeah, it's gotta be sellable. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No porn channel for children. Okay. Um alright, so we've got some ideas, we've got um Let's move on. Oops, let's close that. Next meeting, uh okay. Industrial Designer um which is Um. Yeah, there you go. So User Interface Designer, that's that's that's you, so you gotta you go, you're you're gonna be the one that's working out what what buttons we need. Um. Industrial Designer, you are the one, you know, you're gonna be working out kind of box it goes in, I guess so, um whether it's what goes into the box, somehow. And in marketing User requirements specifications. Yeah, what Right, okay, yeah. You two you two are gonna be just, I think, you just double up, you know, you working together. You're the one that's gotta go and find out do th do the research, see what people want in a remote, what buttons are used more often, and s stuff like that. Oh, we've been warned to finish the meeting now. Okay. Okay everyone, well done. Good meeting. Yeah.
