Okay. So as you guys know f, ISSCO is too small. Well, the building is too small for our group. So we're moving to a new building. Uh it's gonna be the building across the street. And we're actually moving in three weeks. But the problem is that the administration wants to know who is going to be in what office in the new building and where we're g we're gonna put things like the printer, the fax machine, all the big equipment. And the catch is that they have the final approval of where we put people and equipment. And they want to know where we're gonna do all this by November second. So that means basically next Tuesday. And since we don't really have any other time we have to make these decisions today. What we're getting is nine rooms for a maximum of eighteen people, which is okay, 'cause there's only fifteen of us. And all the rooms have windows luckily, so there's no fights about who gets a window and who doesn't. Um there's two views, either of the old town or the mountains and the rooms have various sizes. There's two three people rooms, five two person rooms which are on the corners of the building, so you actually get windows on two walls, and two one person rooms. That's pretty much what the building looks like. Um and then you have the number of people per room. The courtyard, because we're on the sixth floor, you can't actually go out to it, but it just means that the windows look out onto open space. Um you can see the bathrooms, the elevators are sort of further down the hall. The purple bar at the bottom, sort of on the right is the mail-boxes. All of the windows open, you can get out onto the terrace just like we can in our normal building. And the equipment that we have to put somewhere are like I said the photocopier, which is really big, the fax machine, which is not so big, and the printer, which is relatively big. Each office has a white board, a bulletin board and a coat rack. No cupboards like we have in the current offices, and each person gets their own chair, their own corner desk, so like the n the ones that we have now, um a small filing cabinet with three drawers, and by small I mean they're about that tall, and one sort of hanging shelf. So we don't get the bookcases like we have now, but just one shelf that's attached to the wall. And the people that we have to place, uh you can see the list there along with their position and the project that they work on. And I guess the question the first question is how we want to organise people. Whether we want to do it by rank, or by project, or I don't know, put all the P_H_D_ students together, all the professors together, that sort of thing. So the idea is that we come up with a plan. there's another group who's gonna be working on the same plan later this week. And then Andre and I have to do presentations for the university administrators on the second. So we have to come up with a plan, possibly, if we have time, a presentation, a quick presentation with arguments for why we think our plan works best. Okay? So, anyone have any ideas or I guess Yeah. Um I think it's the security is sort of the same as it is in the current building. So as long as the things are physically attached to the wall, so they can't be removed, then it should be okay to leave them in the hall. It's just a question of whether you are printing sensitive documents or n whatever. Um well we get one sort of networked printer and then I think some of us have personal printers. I think Susan has a personal printer, Gisella has one maybe. I can't remember who else. Yeah. But no-one else gets their own printer. In terms of equipment it's sort of the same thing as we have now. Um. So what I'd propose is that we sort of discuss various concepts without getting into specifics, and then go off and think about it over lunch and then come back later in the day with sort of more specific proposals, as to exactly where to put people. Does that work? Oh, and on the map the little half-circular, well, quater circles are doors, which I'm assuming you've figured out, but just in case. And there's just the one room that actually has two doors going into it, the the three person room on the right. Yeah. Yes, yeah. A lot of people were saying that they wanted to have a reading room. So we should leave a space for that. And we can, because like I said maximum eighteen people in those rooms and there is only fifteen of us. And I don't know if you've noticed, but two of us are only here half the time. So Martin and David um are half the time at the E_P_F_L_ and half the time in Geneva. So sort of keep that in mind, I guess, when you are doing the actual planning. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But Gisella's really the only administrator. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And she's always moving around. No. Yeah. Which I don't know if we can assume that there isn't going to be any overlap between them. Yeah. Either that or maybe put her in a two person room with the equipment or Like with the the photocopier, or Maybe not the photocopier, but the printer. Yeah, yeah. And not with a hundred percent staff yeah a staff worker. Yeah. I mean the rooms aren't tiny if you look at the this Yeah, yeah, that makes sense to put the fax in there. Uh. So. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the third option is just completely mix everyone up, which some people say is better sort of for a group environment, so that you are not stuck only with the people who are working on your project. Right. So if you share an office with someone who's on a completely different project, you find out about that project, but you also sort of interact with other people on a more regular basis. Yeah. I think it's not a question of reserving it, because there's other rooms at the university that you can reserve for a meeting, but if it's empty, then sure you can use it for a meeting. There's nothing wrong with that. But I think if someone's already reading in there, it's not fair to go and kick them out just because you want to have a meeting 'cause But if you're having a short meeting you don't really make an appointment for it. You just kind of go to someone's office and go down for a coffee or whatever. 'Cause there's still the cafeterias that you can use for informal Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And the other Marianne too. So there's three of you. Well, but then you either share offices with each other, which doesn't really solve the problem, because chances are you are not gonna have office hours at the exact same time. So you're still going to have Like unless you get individual offices, I don't know if there's an easy way to find a solution for that. 'Cause even if each of you share with a professor, then it's the same thing for the professor. But it is something to keep in mind. Unless you end up sharing an office with someone where your schedules completely don't overlap, and then you can schedule office hours when the other person isn't there. Some people come in around eleven and some people come in around eight. No. No, but you sort of see people's patterns. I mean, even if it's not always like that, I mean if it's like that, you know, eighty per cent of the time, then But you're right, we can't make assumptions too much. I think Well, it's up to us how we do it. I can see benefits of both. But Yeah. Plus the computers. And we all know what it's like to have five computers in your office. Yeah, that's a good point, because if we take the three person room out as a reading room, then everyone has an office, right? 'Cause it's maximum eighteen. So take away three spaces and you're down to your fifteen, and you're right, if we do have a stagieur, whoever, who comes in, then we have nowhere Well, we can put them in the reading room, but that kind of defeats the purpose. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Or again find people who don't work the same hours. It doesn't completely solve the problem, but Yeah, I think so. A one person'll be too small anyways. The one on the bottom? Yeah. Two. Well, which W There's three two person rooms. That has two windows. Which is fine. And still a big room. Yeah, so I should have explained that. Yeah, but then you get don't get a lot of light for reading. Really? That's I dunno, I like the idea of looking out over lots of space. Well, I mean that that's the whole point, right. It's just somewhere to get out of your office and go and do something else for a while whether you're reading or just kind of staring off into space. Yeah, we could do that. Yeah. We have some shelves, like cabinet type shelves for the reading room. But it's not really intended to be a library. I mean, we have an I_T_ library. Um but the other idea is to take 'Cause right now we all have bookshelves. So one idea might be to take sort of the books that aren't frequently used by people, put them all into that room. So it becomes sort of a mini-library, but not like a library system library, just go and borrow your collegues' books. I think the middle one. Yeah. It's also sort of m central to the layout, so everyone sort of has more or less the same distance to It's not that it makes that much of a difference, but Why not? Uh. Yeah. Actually what I can do is Yeah. Um actually that's a good idea. J just put it up. Yeah. So. This really isn't to scale, but Oh well. Um. That's really not to scale. Um so we've got an office there. And there's two and one Is that all? Okay so this is that. And this becomes the reading room, right? Yes. Sure. Yeah. Okay. But if Gisella works fifty percent and they work fifty percent That's true. Yeah. But Just Does Gisella have her own printer? Well if you put her in in this room here, it's relatively close. True. Yeah. I don't know how much the proximity to the mailbox matters, because usually when she's here and she picks up the mail, she actually brings it to your office. It's more the I_T_ administration that uses our mailboxes. That's true. Yeah. Yeah unless you put it into an office, which is just an annoying, I think. 'Cause even if you put it into Gisella's office it's gonna be Yeah. So. Mm. At the beginning we said that we were gonna give her one of the one person rooms. Okay. Yeah. Well, she's Go ahead. Stagieurs in there. And they are not really in a position to complain. Yeah. I think it's just a question of work conditions, like if you are a stagieur and you co only coming in for two months, then you can put up with it, but if you're there, you know, for the full year Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, in there if they need to go. Yeah. Yeah. South Well, southwest if that's north. Southwest for us. No tha Well, I'm assuming that's what you meant, right? That But that's southeast anyways. This office right? That's. No, I I'm very bad at orienting where's north in Geneva, I always get it wrong. But I just assumed Nikos was talking about the orientation here. Oh, that's true. So wait, we face the old town we face the old town now, and we are facing northeast. Okay. So. This is northeast. Yeah. Mm-hmm. This one. It's the oven. Yeah, we're the top floor. Yeah. It The building design is pretty much the same as the one we have now, we're just getting more space this way, because we couldn't move in the other building, 'cause it was occupied by the other departments. Actually, why don't I change it on here as well. So that's Gisella. Plus fax. And then this is the reading room. Oops. Um. So that leaves us with what? Six, eight, fourteen places, which is For f Yeah. No for fourteen, 'cause Gisella's already got a room. Excuse me. Okay. Um. So I'm gonna take Gisella off of that list as well. I'll put her in grey, I guess. That's boring. Can we? No. We have, we have one extra one person office and Two three person offices, yeah. Plus we have the two people who aren't there now that we have to put somewhere. We can keep some of the people together that are together now, but not everyone definitely. Well, why don't we take a break and go off and think about it? And then once we have more concrete ideas we can come back and finish it, 'cause if we just sit here and discuss, it's gonna take a long time and we're gonna start arguing and get cranky and Alright so Yeah. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay.
Mm-hmm. Alright. We can put it. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. 'Kay sure. Yeah That's a good idea. Ad administrator. Yeah, that would be maybe convenient. With someone Yeah, and with someone who is who is fifty pro percent. Yeah, okay, mm-hmm. Typing machine. Yes, yeah. Or uh yeah, professor assistent or uh Or uh yeah Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Mm mm. But still I find it's quite easy if you are with people who work in the same project in the same room, because you have the meetings or people come and ask you discuss things maybe. I don't know if it's uh for other people who is not working on the same project. Yeah, that's true. That's that's true. Yeah. You can u mm-hmm. Meeting about the project. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. People coming and going. Yeah, we don't. Yep, yeah. Mm. Yeah, it certainly is. Plus the com Mm-hmm. Yeah, but if there are people coming in, I mean, we have these people working for uh two months, who comes in the summertime or something. I th think we should reserve a little bit space for them too. So uh It's quite big Mm. For soemthing, yeah, mm. Yeah, that's yeah, certainly is. Maybe that would be good. On the sixth floor, I don't know. Yeah, if you are if you are reading. Do so Yeah. Why not? Yeah. A library down downstairs. Mm. In the middle, yeah. Oh it's g good enough. And uh Gisella? We thought a one person room. Person room. Or f Yes, yes, she does. And the place where we all pass kind of. It should be some central place. Yeah, that's a good idea. I it Yeah. So for example now if uh we reserve Yeah, yeah. But we can uh reserve So if you reserve a two people room, we can put uh trainees Further on if they are in the same room. In the corner. South. Southeast, yeah. That's southeast. North. When do we have sun? But s Well, there is a quite a lot of sun. Y yes and no. It's, yeah, it's really warm, that's Yeah yeah, that's true. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, good, p so And next. So we have reserved now two two person rooms. Mm-hmm. For fifteen people. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Marianne, Marianne. Yeah, why not? Yeah, that would be fun. That's boring. No, we don't. Okay.
So we only get one printer for fifteen people? The three person room? Mm. Yeah, I w I would suggest that too. Yeah. Okay, so th that's a one person room, but we don't know how how big they are. Or it's hard to tell. I mean, Gisella has this funny uh typing uh thing. Yeah. Computer, fax. So probably sh she should get the fax, right? 'Kay uh will it be dedicated for reading and for studying or can we have meetings there. Can reserve it for meetings. Well, the the problem is if you have to go across the building and it adds some overhead every time you want to have some short meeting and discuss some issues. Or maybe we shouldn't call it reading room, but So people would like to see uh the office organised by uh by by rank like professors and students and Yeah, that's a good idea, yeah. Yeah. Everybody agrees on that, yep? How about how about this room? Yeah, at the bottom in the middle. With a view to the mountains, yeah. It has three windows so I think it's uh Two? O one two The the middle one. Two. Oh, the big Oh. Ah okay. Me too. Yeah, and you can look outside of the window if you have a sh quick meeting there. You know, quick meetings always get longer. I don't know. I was thinking of maybe we should assign Gisella into this three person office? Because w we will probably place the printer next to the mailboxes. Then we could have Gisella and the two fifty per cent people sharing the three person room. Well, th They're fifty per cent, yeah. Well, I mean it W yeah we could. We could. I mean, I don't know how noisy she is. It's uh Convenient for her, yeah. Okay. It's fine with me. Yeah, it's it's not the m Yeah, yeah. Y Okay, we should write this down. Do we agree that the that the photocopier and the networked printer goes next to the mailboxes? Yeah. What with I mean she is sharing an office right now and I Has anybody heard of any complaints that she's too loud or Okay. Yeah that's true. She needs spaces. Okay. Okay, so Gisella at this southwest office? Yeah, yeah, that that one, yeah. Oh right, yeah, that's southeast, yeah it's Yeah, this office, yeah. Uh yeah, I was just talking about uh here on the map. The three people room or You get lots of sun during summer, yes. Plus spare, yeah. We got For fourteen people? Yeah. So we are good. Alphabetically. Is is any Is there anybody who's not happy with the current situation, so we could try to just keep the same arrangement just on the new building? Okay. So, let's start then top to bottom: Maggie, Susan,. So how long is?
Mm-hmm. Uh do we know if there will be a lot of people coming across the hall in terms of security stuff if we can I mean my idea is to put the photocopier and the fax in the hall. Um. Okay. Mm. Okay. Okay. Mm. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and that's it. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm okay. rooms, yeah. And do we need a room like a reading room or Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. The first split we can do is between administration and reasearch uh. I mean, it's completely different work so we can deal with administration and decide something for administration and then for the other. Yeah. But at least deal with that particular situation and then see with the other, because I was thinking uh Gisella is quite, I mean, Gile Gisella's work is quite noisy, because it's secretary so, yeah, lot of phone call and stuff like that so Yeah, so you won't share an office with Gisella unless you are fifty per cent and not the fifty per cent Gisella is working, which is another condition. Yeah mm. So I don't know, maybe we can decide that Gisella is having one of the one person room. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. But at least the thing we know that Gisella is gonna be alone. Or with equipment, but humanly alone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then I think the main discussion we should have is um if we want to make group of among the same project or among the same title or Yeah. Or Yeah. Couple of professor and assistant or That's more a conceptual question than a practical question. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but we will have this reading room, which can be Mm. Yeah, for a real meeting. Mm. Yeah. Mm. No. Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm yeah. The other thing we should take into account is if you receive student or not, because Marianne and I interact a lot with student and we have reception hours and stuff like that. So it means you get time where a lot of people come along and talk and So it's maybe Yeah, so maybe it's not really nice to have to share an office with somebody like us, having a lot of social life and Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I dunno. Yeah mm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, but that's something we can't reasonably assume like that and make plans with that because Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I don't know. Yeah. One point I can say by experience, it's really hard to share an office with three people, because it makes much more noise that only being two in an office. Plus the computers. So Yeah. So we might be It might be a good idea to first exclude one of the three person room to be the reading room and not to be necessary a room with three people. A working room. Oh yeah. Mm. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah. So the other solution is to say, okay we use a three person room, but only with two person each time. And leave a spare space for or But avoiding having three person full-time in a same room could be a good idea, I think. Yeah. Mm. So for the reading room we will have a two person room. Okay. Yeah. Which one? With the mountain? Yeah, it's Big black stripe is the windows, not the thin one between the big But what about the d the other one which has only one windows, but in the courtyard it maybe more quiet. We have electricity so I hope. No it's a question I mean it it's quite noisy outside with the streets and Yeah, we are on the sixth floor. Yeah. And stop reading. So it's a relaxing room. Yeah, yeah, no okay. Yeah, yeah. Mm yeah yeah. Mm. So what about one of the room in the corner? So you have three windows. It's even better. But you have less wall to put shelves and stuff like that. If you intend the reading room being more a library or Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Kind of, yeah, small library. No no, no no. No no, sure but Yeah. Mm. So are we all agree about these two person rooms? Which one? Corner or not corner? The middle one. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. So we can exclude this one to make an office. Or maybe write on the board, I don't know. So we have the map and It's alright. Three, yeah. Yeah, yeah mm. So Okay. Is that a mountain? Okay. And that an old town? Yeah, should we decide also the administration stuff? And So we exclude the n the thing we are quite sure, and then we discuss the That's really noisy to be in the same office with the administration. Yeah, that just imply you expect people to come when Gisella is not working, and that's not really fair if you So we can put Gisella in the two people room which is near the mailbox. No. I don't know. I it's just the question, you always have the phone ringing, even if the af even when she's not working. Yeah. Yeah, but that's that's a good point from Nikos to say that she needs to be n near the mail box and the printer and and the photocopier and stuff like that. Yeah. Exc except the door is not really convenient. No, but I think, if if the main, um how can I put that, the mm If the main reason to put to to choose Gisella's place, is the proximity of the mailbox, it should be a two pe people room and not a three people room. Otherwise we have a one people room and Yeah. Yeah. No but it's it's also it's also the place of the photocopier. Yeah. Because if we put the photocopier near the mail box and it seems to be the only place where there is room for that Yeah. Yeah oh no. Yeah, no, it's too And it's too big and Yeah. Okay. And then we can for the moment put Gisella in this corner room if you agree, I don't know. Yeah. But this option of putting Gisella near the photocopier. I mean, she is not sharing an office. I mean sh we put some trainee in Gisella's office, because there is a spare room, and that's quite imp Yeah, that's quite uh I mean, that's quite important to keep a spare room in Gisella's office, if we need more staff, but I wouldn't work in Gisella's office. Yeah, yeah. Mm yeah. For example, and there is no room in the cupboards for any people except Gisella, because she got lots of paper archives and files and stuff like that. So it's really, she needs space. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Are you sure it's southwest? I dunno if thi if this map is a Okay, the map is north oriented. Okay. No. Okay. I don't know. Anyways yeah, but Okay. You know because with mountain mountains and old town it's not No, sorry until but Okay. No, because sunrise and sunshine is quite uh sunshine, sunrise and sunset is quite also a good um something to take into account. Uh northeast. Sunrise. It's east, yeah, east. No, east. We we have sun in the morning only. So it does mean that the three piece room which is in the opposite of the northeast is the most sunny one. Let's say that. It's it's the one you have of now, you both. More or less. You get the sunset then. No? And it's really warm and Do you Uh by the way, is it a six floor building or is there more Okay. So it's warm. Mm. Okay. Mm. So how many rooms and uh how many place do we have? Yeah, plus one spare place, but really the last place to be used. Yeah. Okay. We got two, three, four, six, nine Fourteen places? For fourteen people? Yeah. T Okay. Bless you. So Can we group people by their name? I to Marianne. So it's gonna be Mariannes' office. Yeah, that's going that can be. That's boring, but that can be a good idea, but do do we can we do that? Because there is No we can't, because No we can't, there is two And two three person room. Yeah. So Mm. Yeah yeah. Yeah. I think we clear the things a little bit up too s Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So let's have a break. Save your file. You have X_P_? That's nice.
