I don't think they are concrete proposals. No. Yeah, this makes sense. Yeah. It's up to them I guess uh. Up to us? Well I mean they they can switch later. They can switch later. Pirette next? Who?. So I don't know, we spent quite some time at the last meeting and t to decide this, and now we are just Of course, but everybody had the documents before, so you could have studied them. So I don't think it's a good idea. Yeah, m W I I I don't mind going into this office. No. Oh, why not? Yeah? No. Maybe we can put Pierrette and her t two two P_H_D_ students into one room? Um yeah, mayb maybe the other one would be more convenient if we are all working on the same project. So we are close by. Mm. Agnes. Yeah. Why? Okay, w w why don't we move Maria to this to where to the office I'm supposed to be and I can go with Nancy? If you think that But is this about windows or is it about it it it must be functional. If you and Martin work on the same project then Yeah, we can each other, yeah.. I agree, but the setup is pretty good now. So Bruno is not on and he's sharing um office? Uh I'm not sharing somebody with I work on the same project, uh um, yeah. Martin and you, yeah. Yeah, what is it now? Bu s somebody has to be Well, will there be wireless in the building? I mean, if there are reception hours, so somebody could move to the reading room, and have people Well isn't this the case? Doesn't everybody has one? No?. Mm. No. Hmm? I have no problem with that. Um. Yeah, who does anyway? So maybe you and Bruno should take this office. Yeah, that's a good idea. And it's not very healthy either, yeah.. Mm. suggestion, if possible, we could move me and Yalina to the office where Andrei and Nancy are now. No, I I just it's just more convenient if I'm closer with my The partners of my project. She's the heart of the. It's not kitchen. Well it's it's ideal for Nancy, she is just very close to the lifts. Excellent, yeah. So when exactly are we supposed to move? Three weeks. So they've set up everything, wiring, uh internet, or what's the sta the status right now? S Well there are lots of walls we can put posters on. Yeah, we don't want to micro manage things, yeah. Can you mail a copy of that to everybody?
Not really. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Suzanne, for example. Mm-hmm. So what do you think for uh Susan and Maggie for example the the rooms for one person. Naturally.. Yeah, to I would say not together in a three it's quite a lo yeah, yeah. some. Just yeah. Yeah, it's quite dark. Yeah, it would be nicer. Finally, you think? Yeah, I agree, it's uh You you said that there is electricity. In the Well, let's uh how we can uh fill the three person rooms? Uh how we ge who we gonna put in the three person rooms? I mean we have now a two three person rooms left. And um Yeah, yeah. Mm, we do. Mm. So, where were we? Uh Pierrette, uh Andrei, Nancy? Yeah, why not? All two Mariannes or And you too, okay. So we need a Yeah, I'd like to have a view to the mountains, but well Yeah. Well that's that will do, but uh Yeah well f yeah, it's uh yeah, old town is as well as well yeah, that's alright. Yeah yeah. And that's good, because there are Pirette, Marianne and Nikos they are on the other side of the corridor, so it's yeah. Who is left um who And Yalina, Ya Yalina would be good. And actually she is working for the same project as well. With beautiful laughter. And anyway, Martin is just a fifty per cent.. Okay. That's all? How i how it looks like Yeah, you can Ah. Yeah, uh that was my question. Yeah, I mean with whom you'd you'd to with whom you'd like to work in the same office. I mean, is it important to have someone uh from the same project or um Yeah, we can skive. But you're gonna disturb all the people. We're gonna disturb all the people by skiving all the time. Yeah, that's for sure. With Yeah, I Yeah. I dunno you were saying that uh Maria and Nancy doesn't fit together in the same So what you say if you change the office uh, I don't know, and you work with Nancy or uh What do you yeah, I dunno. For example? Yeah. Sounds okay. What do you say? Sorry? No, what's bothering you? I thi I think And now you are you are changing your mind all the time. Yeah, but if you work with the people like Pirette and Marianne uh Well, at mm Uh well Pirette is having quite a unadvantaged situation, because there are Marianne and Bruno who are having uh reception hours. so it's gonna be a qui yeah, so it's quite a traffic there I would say. No. So well, of course, if they put uh The aim having a room room for reading or Yeah. people. Well, you can you als already speak quite well Finnish, so we might get along, yeah. Yes, I will.. It's easy for them to find the people. It only goes on Yalina. Yeah, we have to from the other side of the But well. Yeah, the people having students. Yeah, if we change the three people, Pirette, Marianne, David David with here and uh Yeah. We got it. W with the mount ah my mountains, yes I got the mountains. And bathrooms are nearby, yeah. Fifty per cent, yeah. Yeah, looks good. Yeah, I think too. I'm quite happy with it. Yeah. Yeah, but it's quite logical to have the for the professors one person rooms, I think. For the yeah. We can skive as you said. Yeah. Person rooms. Mm-hmm. And the projects they're they are quite well grouped actually now. And well Gisella she is kind of in the middle. Yeah, department. In the reading room, that would be good. Oh it's not, ah it's Yeah, good coffee. Yeah. Quite strong, strong good coffee. Uh yeah. Yeah.. If you late uh you work late, yeah. And you drink uh coffee, yeah. Is there actually a smoking uh area somewhere? Not for me but but we okay. We have the terrace still on the sixth floor or uh how how. No. Not at all. They have to go down, yeah.. Yeah, yeah. And Susan, Maggie as well. Yeah, I think it's okay. Let's see what the the other ones say. Three weeks. Okay. My boxes. Ah. Yeah.. That might be a good idea. Well, mai mailing lists. Of course, you can mail em yeah, if you have something. Ah okay, yeah a posters, okay. That's kind of thing. Yeah. Yes,. Or in front of the reading room or Yeah. Mm. No more special wishes. yeah, you know.
Okay. So now that we've all had a bit of time to think about it, um does anyone have any concrete proposals or do we want to just go through people and start placing them and kind of discuss as we go along? Nope. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, give them like the most comfortable offices and Yeah. 'Cause a professor, but he's only here half time, so it's sort of a different situation. And he's a professor at, but not in Geneva, he just does research in Geneva. Yeah. Okay, so let's go through that first. Um Yeah. And for Susan probably yeah, 'cause I think she prefers to have her own office. Um. Okay. Any preferences to which one? 'Kay. I put Susan here for now. And then Maggie in the other one? No, it's up to us. They're not here so Um okay. And then Yep. Um Well, Pierrette has students and Andrei and don't. Well, does Andrei? S he teaches but okay. Yeah. 'Cause also if we're gonna put people together by projects then there's no sense to put them together, 'cause they all work on different projects. Right? Mm? Yeah. 'Cause they'll fight for the window. What about moving Gisella in there? If she's in there half the time, she can have her desk near the window, and okay, she's not near the mailbox, but but it maybe more sort of practical in terms of working environments for people. But again, one of the reasons for putting the reading room where it is is so that you have You think. Yeah. I don't know. Or what if you put What if we put the two people that are fifty per cent in that room? Yeah. But they are only here fifty per cent. So everyone has to go somewhere. And you also have one three person room with two windows. Nikos volunteers. Who you're taking with you? Okay. Well 'kay so let's put David in there, yeah. You'll meet him. Okay. So I'm just gonna make a list on here of who we have. keep talking. with Pierrette. Okay, so David, Nikos, Gisella, Maggie and Susan are done. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Should we be nice and give them three windows? Okay. That won't get confusing. Where? Here? Oh, here. Would have to be here or the other three person room. Pick a room. Well she's not that far if she's like like in this one here. 'Kay so you want this one? Mm. Okay.. Yalina. Yeah. That could work. In room yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm. I guess I can go in there, 'cause Martin and I wor are working on the sort of the same thing. And that leaves And Nancy. Yeah, that's a weird combination. No, it's not that. It's just you've almost got like a project split, except that you don't, because Nancy and Maggie and I work on premindia parmenidy parmenidies. And then Andrei, Martin, Maria and I also work on. And sort of Susan. Although the Susan and Maggie thing we can't really change. No. But then we should split the little party up. All on your own. Hmm. See I would put it the other way. I would put the room with Martin in it in the two window room, 'cause he's fifty per cent, so then at least the other two people get Put Martin in the three person room with two windows. Since he's fifty per cent. Either way. Well I don't know for splitting up people or Well I'm trying to optimise. I don't think it's necessarily so important to be in the same office with someone if you're working on the same project. 'Cause you're too lazy to get up and walk next door. I don't know like right now I share an office with Bruno. We don't work on any projects together. Yeah. Of course. But I mean that's fine. Like I don't need to be in the same office with someone who works on or someone who works on parmenidies. It's not like yeah. Know anything about yeah. You hear things out of context. What? Okay. I just can't really see them sharing an office, I don't know why. Or we put Andrei and Nancy to Nancy together 'cause they're starting that new project. And then put Maria with me and Martha. I can see that working a bit better. Hmm. I thought you were saying you didn't wanna be in a three person room. First of all Yeah. And put David but then you and Nikos have the window problem, which is why I still think we should put Gisella in that room, because it's She gets the window, the whatever, he's there for two months, it's their problem. Yeah. Not for enjoying the view. So Yeah, but if you put So what if we switch no. You have to have a computer with wireless. No. Well, most of us first of all have desktop computers. pick up your desktop and plus you can't assume that you can just use the reading room for reception hours. Right. Like if people are actually using it as a reading room. Yeah.. Can we say we're gonna move Gisella here? And then I think that gives us a little bit more flexibility to play with moving people around. Goes here. You were the first one on the list, but if you wanna remove someone else Yeah. Mm-hmm. So what if we put you with yeah. Will you have. Okay, so I'm just putting Yalina in so we don't Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Or do you wanna go somewhere else? Here. You just don't photocopy. Well you have the other lift. The switch? With here? So like that and then move you to That's what the plan was. From the beginning. Do you get the photocopying noise. Now we are all gonna come photocopy just to annoy you. Okay. Or did was the id I should start start making full sentences. What about I was thinking about moving Pierrette and Marianne into a two person office rather than a three person office. But With Andrei and Nancy, for example. No, in a three person office. Because if they have reception I know, I thought you were saying that Pierrette should have a smaller office, or be in a smaller office, because of reception or something, or did I just completely misunderstand? Okay. Is because he's fifty per cent, okay. Okay, that works. Mm-hmm. I'm going to try. Yes. 'Kay, what arguments do I need? Well, we have the the group and students here. Although you still have Susan and Maggie over here. Yeah. So it is sort of a well, no, it's not a project split. It's weird, 'cause it kind of is and kind of isn't. Because Maria and Martin and I work all work on the same project, and then Andrei and Nancy work on the same project, and Pierrette n yeah. And yeah. Okay, let me just write down the arguments for why um Mm-hmm. You just want a bigger window. Happy? That's noise reduction. Okay. Now they are, yeah. Except for David, but we can't do anything about that. You mean like a little machine or a vending machine? 'Kay. The little machine, I think, would be harder to sell, but. I will. Nespresso? With the good strong coffee. What did you say, hot tea? Oh, herb tea. Nope. Non-smoking building. No, they'll have to go down. And Susan Maggie close enough, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think so. Just checking if actually have everyone, but I think we do. In was it what did I say, three weeks. As far as I know, yeah. As far as I know basically we pack up one day, the movers come, take all our stuff, put into the red boxes. So when you get there the next day, all your stuff is already in your office. And all the I_P_s and everything is set up. They're trying. So, we'll see. Make sure you label your boxes properly. Um especially the Marianne's. Yeah, so they won't confuse it get confused with the other Marianne's boxes. Uh we can try. I can ask them. But that's not really Um where? Like along Gisella's Yeah. Okay, so Along that bottom hallway somewhere. Okay. Anything else I need to ask them? 'Kay. I don't actually we may need to sort out That's not healthy. Um who I don't know if we need to sort out who sits where, 'cause if they're gonna plug everything and set everything up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no, no. Yeah. I just can't remember whether they're actually gonna set everything up for us or not, but we can change it I guess. Okay. That's it then. save this. Yep. Not right now, 'cause I'm not connected to the internet. But I will. Okay. Good, we're done then.
No, it's kind of we should maybe find a method to do stuff. Like, I don't know, choose one parameter. The first parameter to choose people to choose where to put people, like I dunno maybe permanent staff and non-permanent staff, we know that professor will stay for a long time. We uh we don't know for the other So maybe that could be the first parameter to take into account. Not just to have this dis Yeah, and have this discussion every two years. Because it's, you know make sense for everyone. So we can choose where to put uh, I would say, the the the three first one of the list. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And yeah. Mm and maybe the two other senior Andrei and Nancy. And then, yeah. Mm.. Yeah, that could be an idea. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. can switch. Yeah. Which is So we need to put Pirette, Andrei and Nancy do we want to the the question is now is do we want to put the three together or the three completely separate with other people? Yeah, yeah. Some, some. Yeah, but few, less than Pierrette. So we have a Mm. Yeah. Um I just realised something. The two people room in the middle which has only one windows, it's gonna be pretty hard to put two people inside that room. Yeah. Yeah. Except we yeah. And near the photocopier. Yeah. And what about the reading room? Yeah, but you I mean uh I think, everybody is supposed to spend more time in their office than in the reading room. So we might think that it's better to have a more comfortable office than a more comfortable reading room, I don't know, it change the plan of the morning, I'm sorry, but I just realised that stupid architect put only one windows. Who built this building? Do we know that? I dunno. What do you think? Yeah. Yeah, I know, but in the last meeting nobody just took attention at this one windows problem. And I think it is one problem. Yeah, you too, I can I can say the thing to you, I'm sorry. The two people? That's really welcoming and warming. Yeah. What what what? Say it again. No no, but the main problem we have the same number of place and the same number of people now. Yeah. And uh I just noticed that we have this two people room with only one windows. Yeah. You don't mind to have okay, so, Nikos and you have to find yeah. You have to find somebody agree to come with you. And it's not a question of you it's a question of windows. Who would you put with you? Let's put a fifty per cent so From the David. Yeah. Do you know David? You will learn to know him. So David and Nikos, it's done. And with um Pirette uh Andrei and Nancy. How many P_H_D_ student does she have? And me.. Yes, I'm doing a P_H_D_. Yes. Officially. Um. So and can you put the the map again, so we s see what happen. Um. That's that might be a good idea to put Pirette with two P_H_D_ student, whoever they are. Which one? Okay. So Pirette and the two Mariannes. Okay, so wha put me with Marianne and Pirette, it's alright. And we put Marianne in front if she want to be No, on the room on the opposite oh no, that's the old town view. Pick a room. Is that alright? Is the old town view beautiful enough? Mm. Yeah. Okay, so Marianne, and who do you want to work with? Nancy, Martin, Pirette? No, Pirette is done. Andrei, Yalina, Maria and Agnes. Okay. Okay, so put Yalina with um Yeah. Okay. And we have uh now Do you think it's a good idea to put Martin and Andrei together, since they are working on the same project? Yeah. And we might put Martin and Andrei and someone else in the three person room, since the fifty per cent, it's a good Okay. Maria and Nancy. That's really strange. So, what do we think about that? Mm-hmm mm yeah. I think this project thing is not good thing. This project splitting I mean. Splitting by project. Yeah. No but if you if if you split by project you put me in one person room. That's hard. Could you say that again? Okay. Okay. So you just you just move him or the two groups? You just Yeah. No. Except coffee time and that's important project too, but uh gossiping and stuff like that, yes. Mm. Yeah. And it's quite funny to to to hear other activities around you. And not always the same stuff. Especially when it's activity that you don't understand or yeah. Yeah. No, that's quite nice. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay, why not... I'm not totally convinced. I'm not convinced about this. I dunno. Yeah. First of all, no from the beginning I said the three person room it's quite I mean it's a disadvantage. And um to change a little bit this disadvantage we put somebody fifty per cent, in three person room, so we could do the same in the three person rooms, but there is still this problem yeah. Yeah. yeah, it's here for working. Not not us but exactly. And you, so there is no view. And Pirette as well. We uh all have uh reception hours. Yeah. Yeah.. You can move with your desktop, yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay, can we say that David uh is yeah. Instead of Okay, but okay. No, because I was thinking of we can um having these two office which are near to the lift Keep this office for reception people. If I can con we are Pirette, the two Marianne and I, are receivi and Maggie and Susan are receiving a lot of student. So we With the Finnish for example, if you want me. Yeah, so that's ki yeah, yeah, okay. Lopeta. Yeah, yeah. Uh that's nice to have a corner a student, I mean, a student area. You know what I mean. Yeah, to find us and it's also quite noisy when you have this kind of parade of student before the exams. So if you work with me and you have this agree with that? So and the photocopier is still Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, but it's too far from Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's quite good. And then yeah. So we have a three windows' room. With view everywhere. Aha. Yeah. We close the door. Yeah and I think that's quite nice. And then? And put David In a two person office? And why? No, no, the reason to put Pirette and Marianne Marianne and I together is because of the noise we make by receiving students. And then the reason to put David in this office it's because yeah, it's fifty per cent in a three um place office. Um. That sounds nice, no? And I think we do have the best office uh. It's a kind of dictatorship decision, but we are here to make a decision, so And Agnes, you're gonna sell this to the administrator? Yeah. So? The argument of student. Yeah. You can also s oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. is Yeah. Yeah, but we all work on different projects so we can't What is the little square d you put oh, a printer? And the photocopier? Okay. That's quite fine. Student reception. You. Okay. No yeah, that's fine. So the arguments are uh student reception in one corner. Yeah. The fifty per cent staff in the three person room. Yeah. Yeah. And um the two mm and the two professor is one single. Yeah. Centred. And since you nee you will meet the administrator, can we ask for a coffee machine somewhere. Yeah, or in that hall. I mean, the sixth floor, there is no coffee machine on the sixth floor. No no, um a vending machine. Yeah but try. Wi with good coffee. Italian one, please. Yeah. And herb tea. For the afternoon. H herb tea. For the afternoon, yeah. Because with strong coffee I don't t sleep. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Mm. And do we know if there will be air conditioning? No no no, there is no terrace on that building. So, no we're not gonna change the plan only for the smokers. Exactly. As well. I think it's fine. Okay. Is everyone happy with that? Mm. Wow. That's very professional yeah. Hmm. Uh can can we think of putting a white board somewhere in the hall? For general information? Yeah. Yeah, but I mean you have a nice poster of the next conference, you don't put it you know a a big board with Along one of the wall, yeah. Yeah. Mm yeah,.. Ooh. I think it's everybody's responsibility to find if they prefer to be in front of, back to window or whatever. I mean, if we start doing that not happy We are all adults, so I think we can all speak and Uh okay. I hope, yeah. Okay.. Okay.
