Hello. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I haven't see it. it's a One hundred thousand. One hundred and two. For for voted for it, yeah. More votes? Yeah, it's it seems to be quite popular. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.. Yeah. So my presentation is not that detailed, I just uh put there seven uh highly uh ranked movies, and we can just try to g uh go very quickly through all of them, just to re remind you them, and then we can perhaps consider another p uh potential candidates. Okay, so the movies that I have selected as as very good uh good ranked movies uh are uh uh are on the screen so uh Shaw The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, Silence of the Lambs and American Beauty. Uh so perhaps we can go to the to the f to the first movie. Uh The Shawshank Redempt uh Redemption um actually I didn't see that movie, so is there someone else who have seen this movie? Okay. mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, the plot outline says that the life of Andy uh Dufresne Duf okay, of Andy, changes when he uh he's uh convicted and jailed for the murder of his wife, and the user comment says it's simply amazing, the best uh film of the nineties. So that's uh what it says, okay, we can't tell much more, because basically none of us have seen it. Mm-hmm, yeah. So the second one is a Schindler's list, it's more serious movie, it's from the St uh Steven Spielberg and it's about the Second War uh Sec Second World War. Uh the plot outline is that the Oskar Schindler uh uses Jews to uh start a factory in Poland during the war, and he witnesses the uh horrors uh endured by the Jews and starts to save them. User comment says, a film for all to see and learn, and I think it's really something what is very serious uh theme and uh yeah. So that's a Schindler's List, um we can perhaps do you have some comments? I I have seen it. I think it's really good movie, it's uh it's quite long actually, I can't uh here I didn't put the the minutes, but I think it's it's at least about three hours. Yeah. No, I don't know, I don't know, unfortunately. But I would expect it. I would expect it. Okay, so if you can go to the It's a true story, yeah. It's it's yeah, I would say that the user comment says everything, a film to see and to learn. And to remember as well, yeah. Okay, th so the third one is The Usual Suspects. So I think I I wouldn't uh I don't want to comment it again, so we can just skip that, because it was this this is the one already commented by Agnes. So let's go to the to the other one. Pulp Fiction. I would say that's that's like a classical movies of of nineties, uh it's uh directed by Quentin Tarantino, it's a it's a crime and drama, it's a a there i there are several s several stories that are just mixed up during the during the movie, and uh yeah, it's a real classical movie, I would say almost nowadays. So I've seen it. So all of us. Sure, sure, you can see it several times, because I mean the first time you cannot catch all the details, and then i when you see it second times and third times it's It's big comeback, yeah, big comeback of John Travolta, yes. I would say good comeback. Yes. Who is there? Huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Bruce Willis is there as a boxer, yeah. Um Yes. Okay, so that's Pulp Fiction, definitely should be considered uh. Mm-hmm. Wow, that's interesting. How. That may be. Yeah, because yeah because I have I have uh I have th this review on on Wednesday. Okay. It's Goodfellas, I haven't see that movie. The plot outline says that the Henry Hill and the his friends uh work their way uh their way up through the mob uh hierarchy, and uh the user comment says, it's a simply a masterpiece, so and if you go to the to the to the votes, there is quite a lot of people who has vote for the Goodfellas, sixty six thousand. Okay, it's It's modern day average, so it's perhaps not a bad movie. I dunno, I haven't see that. You have seen it? Yeah? Mm-hmm. uh-huh. And how i was it called, Mafia? Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. So it talks about the nineteen twen twenties or something like o of twenties? Mm-hmm. Okay, so. Mob is mafia, mm-hmm. Okay. Silence of the Lambs, that's a godfather of all thrillers, I would say. Fully in line with the user comments. Uh basically it's a it's a thriller, horror and crime all together. The plot outline says that the uh Clarice Starling, the young F_B_I_ agent is assigned to help a f to help find a mi uh missing woman and save her from the ps psychopathic killer with the help of another killer. This another killer is actually in a jail and it's uh Anthony Hopkins, and he really plays it a very good, I would say. I'm not sure whether he received some a awards for that, but it's really it's Yes, very good performance, very good performance. Yeah, and we can see her actually on the picture on the on the projector.. Um uh ninety one uh ninety one uh. So nowadays she's already fourteen years older. Yeah. And I saw this movie when I was like uh twelve or thirteen and it was really really uh bad experience. So I can't remember all the details of that movie, but I would like to see it again. I recently I saw the the uh Hannibal, that the seco the sec uh it was a third third part actually, it was called Hannibal I guess. It was second one, yeah. So that's why It was really disgusting, yeah. Yeah. And the last choice that um I think it's it's not a bad movie, it's uh American Beauty. Uh it's basically about the about the people in America, each of them is uh I would say psychotic in his uh his own way, but uh normally they appear to be uh s normal people, as as we can see them ev every day. Uh so and it's really it's uh the user comments say it's a deep, wonderful, penetrating uh film, extraordinary uh irony uh in a psychological drama about American life, and I can fully agree with this user comment. Uh He's simulati I I I've seen this movie, but I Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. But then he fell in love with the the with the with the friend of uh his daughter, if I remember well. That's really Maybe. Yeah, yeah, that's true, yeah. Uh-huh. And I think that's the last If would like to go for something what is really serious I would definitely uh go for Schindler's List, and if not uh then Hmm. I would like to see this uh Shawshank Redemption, because it receive i yeah, it it none of us seen this movie unfortunately, but uh as you can see from the from your from your table, there is a plenty of votes. It's actually I think it's a movie with highest number of the votes, yeah, it is. Morgan Freeman, yeah. Darabont. Me neither, me neither. Yeah, but really I would like to highlight that it's a it's a movie with highest number of the votes and the highest ranking at the same time. So. And actually I don't think it's it's it's that popular in Europe at least, because I really you see, none of us have seen it, so. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But if I read your first point in the in this uh trivias, I am just surprised because it says that all the principle actors uh underwent several days of uh cruel army training except for the Man Matt Damon, and the reason was that they wan uh that the that the director wanted that uh the other actors would resent him. Why this was uh wanted actually? Yeah. And they didn't like it, they didn't like the mission? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Yeah, and it okay. Yes. Most of them. So there is actually several people dying because of one single single soldier, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I have no comments, no no, it's Yeah, but I really appreciate your table, because I found this table really useful. It's a very nice summary. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So doing nothing, just uh take it easy in the life, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And the one on the left is his friend? Aha, yeah. But this movie is is supposed to happen in uh what time, I mean it's uh Which ca From the nineties? And he's still uh still uh prepared from or or still as he he would come from the Vietnam. Okay. There i Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And this one is supposed to be the second Lebowski? Or who Okay, okay. But actually I'm I'm little bit missing th some information about our movie club, I think uh there should be some more information. Yeah I like this, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So perhaps we can somehow combine them. I think there is too many colours, too many colours. Nowadays, you know, if you see some advertisements on the s yeah, but nowadays if you see some advertisement on the on the street, this is typical typical uh poster I wouldn't wouldn't look at. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Exactly. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. How is it actually r ranked, because I cannot see it here in your table. I somehow can't find it. Ah, forty eight. Yeah, fifty thousand, mm-mm. Voted, yeah. Mm-hmm. Let's nominate, okay. So I will take basically two extremes, I will take Schindler's List and I will take uh The Big Lebowski. One of the one of them is really just funny and from the nineties, uh I mean the story is from the nineties, while the second one is about the Second War and is uh serious. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, that's Yeah, but then each of us will will uh but then each of us will vote for uh our nominees, so I would propose to to to vote for s sun uh to to give the points to the to the movies that were not nominated by you. So then it's it's more complicated but yeah, okay, let's Mm-hmm, okay. Sixth Sense. 'Kay. Seconds. okay, and I wi I will give one to The Big Lebowski and two to The uh uh Shawshank Redemption. So now try to sum it up. American Beauty. Uh three. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But I would say these images are very nice and they are really representative perhaps. Mm-hmm. I'm Yeah, sure, sorry. Sorry. I was sleepi sleeping for a while. Mm-hmm. It should be from this period, because nineties would be finished. Mm. Two thousand. Mm-hmm. Yeah.. Whatever. First Monday of May, yeah, so it's after the projection, and we will see what are the reactions of the people and so it makes sense that we are yes, yes, yes. And perhaps we will have some new members. Um American Beauty, finally. Okay.
Yep. Um So hello everybody. So uh you everybody had the a agenda for today, you received it or Yep. So the goal for today is to decide for a movie to project at the end of the month, so for this month of of April, and also discuss the content for an adver advertising posters and um I I will present you three des different design, we'll discuss it. So first we have to decide for um a movie. So I think we all prepared documents. So I propose that we start with uh presentation Agnes uh sent. And actually the psychologist is dead. Yep. Mm. Yep. So wha what will be your argument for projecting this movie? Yep. It's very well known. Yeah. I think, yeah. It's one of the most well known thriller.. Yeah. That's my impression, yeah. But it's it's rated four fourth in uh in the list and one hundred one hundred thousand seen it. Voted for it. Voted for it, and I think only two other mov uh no, f three other movies uh have uh have more votes. But the kid is seeing dead people, I mean is uh it's quite uh No, but it's quite uh morbid you can say that? Yeah, morbid. Yeah. They don't remember. Yep. So what was you criteria for selecting this movie or But then it's only at the at the end that it it becomes a good movie. Only because of the of the end. I I've heard some people in the in the theatre saying, oh now we have to see it again. But then if you asked them five minutes ago okay. Yeah. Okay, so uh I think, Mirek, you prepared a presentation also. We can have a look. Sorry, it's control L_ I have s I have seen it, but I don't remember it. Which is not good.. But the rating is very good then. It you know if it's to uh if it received some award? Or Probably no? Yeah, I think also but uh Yeah yeah. Well, it's a true story also, uh so. And to remember maybe, or Yeah. So who has seen it? Agnes, you've seen it? Yeah. And it's it's the comeback from of uh John Travolta, no? So uh Big comeback, yeah. Bruce Willis is there also. Yeah. Um Sorry? And what's the name of the girl on the poster. Um Uma Thurman, okay. Yep. So on the list I I brought on the docu on my document, the two movies, Pulp Fiction and Usual Su Suspect are just swapped. Pulp Fiction is actually coming before The Usual Suspect. Yeah, Tuesday, it's quite surprising though, but uh, okay. Yeah. Actually I have seen it, now I realise, yeah, yeah. No, because I thought it was like another movie, but it's it's this movie actually. Uh Les in French. I think it that one, but it's very violent. Very. It doesn't say it here, but uh it's probably rated R_. It speak about uh a guy who is not Italian, who is uh going up in the hierarchy of mafia. So. The mob, so the mob is the mafia actually? Okay. And Jodie Foster is very good as well. She was pretty young, no? For. W w from whe when is the movie? Ninety one, yeah. Yep. But not that good, no? Okay, what's your opinion? You have seen it? Violent and and uh scary as well. Mm. Psychopathic, I mean it's uh Okay. And last choice. Yep, that's a good one. And Kevin Spacey? It's no, Kevin Spacey, he received something, no? He's actually uh quitting his job at the beginning, but he's uh simulating a fight with his boss in order to to to pursue pursue to Yeah, I think. Yeah, to sue him afterward. And then Yeah. Yeah. Yep. No uh there is this rose, because the she's he's imagining her taking baths with ro roses all around and uh he's uh yeah. Exactly. Okay. Um so what will be your favou your preferred one on in this list? The first one, yeah. Probably yeah, you received so yeah. Yeah, yeah. And it's uh Tim Robbins and uh who is the the guy behi Morgan Freeman. Yeah. Yeah, great actors. Mm yeah. Yep. Okay. Yep, it tells something. Okay, it's just a do we want to have to display the most popular movie or or we're Yeah. That's right, yeah. Okay, Andrei, yeah, can can you comment your Yeah. Um yeah, I w thank you. Yep. And you e And you enjoyed that, the fact the you see clo I To realise how it wa how it was exactly. Yeah, it's very different, yeah. To make it like uh an historical movie or Yeah, mm. Oh. Yeah. What kind of message? Sorry, I'm not getting your Okay. Yep. Or or we have you have Okay. So actually I don't know if uh y any of you have uh read the document I prepared on The Big Lebowski. It's below the table, yeah. I wanted Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I wanted to say that uh it's quite open, there are many choices possible. But then my proposal is The Big Lebowski from um the two brothers uh Coen, Coen brothers. And it's a actually Joel Co Coen who uh directed the movie. Um the plot is quite hard to to make, but maybe you you read it al already you understood something from the plot or. I am? Yeah, it's it's it's a bit like the f in my opinion like um American Beauty, because it's it's a funny movie but uh it critiques a lot the American society. And the the the hero, the the Dude, the mm Big Lebowksi, it's actually his name, is a a kind of non-hero, but he's representative of the of uh a normal uh L_A_ L_A_ guy. And uh he has a friend comi veter veteran from Vietnam and uh another friend who is never speaking. And they all are together in a bowling club where they meet and they discuss about uh everything. They seems to have no job, I not know, we never seen i them working. Yeah. And actually he's uh taking part to a kind of um uh uh s some some killers come to his apartment uh because they think he's someone else, and uh the whole story is about uh he wants to to to get some money out of this story, and he's going to see the other Lebowski to ask him money, because he he because the killers actually uh damage some stuff in his apartment. It's uh Jeff Bridges and uh John Goodman. John Goodman, you have probably seen him in in a series? On the right, the guy on the right, Jeff Bridges. Yeah. He's the one coming uh from from Vietnam. He's kind of uh he is still equipped for for war. Okay so uh It's f a movie from the nineties actually, yep. Yep, yeah, yeah, that's a problem. I'm going to actually I want to show you some posters I prepared for this movie, so we actually can discuss at the same time the poster design. So on the left you see the main characters of the movie, so the the hero at the top left. Then it's the guy coming back from Vietnam. Afterward it's uh uh a guy who John Turturro, they are competing with him on a bowling uh contest, and um Julianne Moore and the last one is Buscemi or something like that. Buscemi? He's never speaking in the movie. Each time he's trying to speak, the other one are are stopping him. So it's qu No, he's not on the on the picture, the second Lebowski. So uh my proposition was to add um the title of course, some information abo about the pricing on the right Uh yeah, but when it will be printed it will be okay, I think. Ah, you mean Okay, so I prepared a second one where th th th there's there is some information. At the bottom we can see that um, do you know Mondre Montreux English Movie Club? Uh I said that people can contact us to to get to the committee and select movies. So um. Okay. But there is a th there is a third one. Um actually I I prefer it because it's more colourful also. But it's it can catch the eyes actually but um But then the problem I preferred the first one, because I think it's important to have the plot of movie, e especially for uh a movie people don't n never heard about it. But uh I don't know. Okay. Okay, so what do you propose, what should I do for these posters? In terms of content. Okay, I'll try to do something, but first anyway we have to select a movie. So I'll put all the information and you want me to put the at the bottom, all the information about the committee and the the Montreux Club, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, so just to conti to finish with The Big Lebowski, it's um I think those two images are pretty representative, so the on the first on on the top you see the hero with a a cowboy that i introduces the movie, and on the bottom it's uh he is he keeps dreaming in th in this movie, because uh uh the killer's um uh put it d put it or he is drinking too much also, so each time he's uh drinking he's having some dreams, very very weird, but interesting. Yep. Yeah, yeah. Actually, she wants him to she wants to make kids and she's using the Big Lebowski to have kids with him, but he doesn't know. So maybe he's making strange uh Okay. Yeah, yeah, it's very very sweet and it's like a it's like a dream actually. It's um no, it is on in the table actually. It's um it's coming at the end. Forty eight. But quite a lot of people have seen it actually. Yeah. Yeah, but generally you vote when you have seen the movie, no? Okay, so uh I think we should decide for a movie now. So maybe each of us can s can select two movies or Okay. Um no, actually I'm happy with the choices, because I really I would really push uh American Beauty, because I think it's uh it's an easy movie to watch and and still there are a lot of things to think afterward. And it's representative of the nineties, I think. Okay. Yeah. Okay, start, Andrei. No I don't want to finish I think I'm going to No. Yeah, maybe it makes more sense, yeah. Okay, me I put two to American Beauty and uh one to Saving Private Ryan. No, Big Lebowski, I nominate. So do we have something? Yeah, that's the only thing that's worrying me, but it should be okay. Yeah, yeah. So you select you wanted actually me to select the this design? That takes a bit more time, but if you c if all of you can send me one image, I can make something on the left. Select one image from the movie and uh With a different title? Okay. No but I'll make something. Julianne Moore actually uh She's playing in the no? In American Beauty? Ah okay. Okay uh we s We still have to decide for next meeting and we're all set. Uh by uh Monday, next Monday. I think we can meet at the same period. Yeah. No. First Monday of May. Yep. But then in June, what are we going to do in June, because we cannot make movies from ten two thousand Yeah. yeah, maybe. Okay. Thank you. So what's the movie again? Okay. Thank you.
It's just that I need uh some some white paper. Uh yes. Um, hello? Yes, I did. Mm. Ah. No, but we're the clubbers, but Agnes, uh I was just wondering, uh I see uh I have here Denis's table, and when they say that it's the freshest whatever since Pulp Fiction, well that's probably not a very long time, because Pulp Fiction is ninety four and Usual Suspects is ninety five. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I haven't seen it. Really? Oh. It's it's hard to tell. So that's your impression. Yeah. That's mine, but uh Yeah. How many people voted for it, yeah? That's true. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Isn't violent at all in fact, or it's more like scary or Uh-huh. Scary or yeah, mm-hmm. Creepy or Mm-hmm. Have you seen it? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Ah. If we show it twice. Okay. So is Bruce Willis the child psychologist? Ah. Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's the guy who then played in uh Artificial Intelligence or something like this, mm-hmm. Great. Mm. Uh me neither. I thi So uh I was told that in French it was called uh Les Evadees. Yeah. Should we should we believe this? Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe even best picture, yeah. Mm-hmm. But yeah, indeed, it's maybe too sad and too, yeah, too poignant for Well Mm-hmm. Yeah, I've seen it too. Yeah it's it's very good and it's a bit violent, but it's also quite funny I think. It's a Mm-hmm. Yeah. the boxer. Pardon? Yeah, as the boxer. Uh Uma Thurman. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's strange, with so many votes that they can p shift. I mean statistically speaking it's strange. Mm-hmm. Wow. Mm. But it was that movie? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Not really in favour of this, but Ah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think, yeah, when yeah, I saw this movie some time ago and yeah, she looked quite young I thought. Ninety one,. Mm-hmm. Okay. Oh yeah, I've seen it, yeah. Yeah, it's a good movie, I um I don't know, maybe too well known, but since it's fifteen years old maybe people would li Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh again? Mm-hmm. I see. S mm-hmm mm-hmm. Ah, that's the girl who is represented on the the picture? You recognise her belly? Uh Oh so you recognise the rose. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, but didn't I mean I see this name of the the director on the slide, but I don't really know him. Frank Darabont? Never heard of this guy. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe. But it's true, yeah, we shouldn't stick to only very highly rated movies on this table. Though it's a very useful table, but um okay, do you want me to yeah. So yeah, uh I wrote some notes on um on Saving Private Ryan, which is my candidate. If you can display them it's perfect. Uh do you all have a copy of them? I have some paper copies. Uh you're welcome. So actually given that more or less our theme since the beginning of the year was um history, drama, action, and given also that, well, we decided to to present this month a movie from the the nineties, um I thought that among these movies, who look quite popular, uh Saving Private Ryan would be a very good candidate. Um actually it's a movie I've seen. Have you seen it before? Okay, so you've all seen it, so maybe everyone has seen it, I'm not very sure. Um but I think it's a very novel treatment of of war, it's uh it's no longer the b glorification of uh, whatever, combat and victory, but the plot is quite different, it's about saving one person who has a special special value in the in the movie um if only because his brothers actually were all killed, so uh the government believes that they should save at least one person from the family, and saving means actually removing from the the front, if you if re if you remember the plot. So in fact this guy, the Private Ryan is not at all the main actor, the the main a well, the main character is uh played by Tom Hanks and it's actually you can see his picture on the second page of my my notes uh Captain John Miller. So he is sent with this rather strange mission, which is not a combat mission, but they uh they want just to to get this guy back, which is in fact this guy is I think behind enemy lines or something like this. So it happens in in Europe, just after the the Normandy landing, and it's very very striking the way they they filmed all the the combat scenes and uh it's it's very dramatic, it's uh it's not, you know, like in the movies from the fifties or the sixties where people just fall and die anonymously, but here they well, you see everything and you see how many people die on that day. It's actually Well it's very strange, you could s ask this for any sad movie, did you enjoy it. Well I didn't really enjoy to see bad things, but uh I think it was satisfying to see that, well, how dramatic things are. Yeah. Exactly, yeah. I it's very moving, I it's true, it's not very it's not very, well, happy. I don't know how it would compare with Apocalypse Now, if it's darker or maybe Yeah. So yeah, so I think this would continue a bit our our theme. So the the movie is ranked quite high, if I if I refer back to your table it's number uh, what actually, um fourteen. Quite a lot of votes, so um also one of the the mainstream movies. Um on the second page uh of my notes I well I quoted some uh well some facts about the movie that I found interesting, we we could use them for either a poster or uh or a presentation. Um especially I enjoyed the story about the the colour saturation. It's true that the movie is not really black and white, uh but uh the colours are grey-ish, dark-ish, it it prov it makes a very moving effect. Yeah, I think also to show the um yeah, I think it's the reference to history and also this dark yeah the mood and uh things are actually well most of the things are quite grey, you know, the uniforms, weapons, things and things like that. Mm-hmm. Exactly. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well I think Matt Damon is the guy who must be saved, if I remember well, and in fact the die Well yeah, the people didn't understand why they should save one person. So and they are quite resentful, because they I mean they feel they should fight, they shouldn't just go there and uh just get someone and get back. And in fact some of them d get killed for this guy. Actually most of them, yeah, I think so. So Yeah, yeah. It's a very I think some people compare it with uh, whatever, Christian message or I dunno, but um I think it's quite quite universal and it's uh I think it's a modern, very modern Well this uh value of one individual, it looks like a Christian message, you know, the value of one is compared to others I I don't know I th I think I heard this at that point, but maybe I'm just wrong. So yeah, I I think it would make a coherent choice. It's probably a bit long and we might want something that is lighter and funnier, but uh if we want to keep this this idea of history and conflict and also to show some some kind of modern treatment of it, it it would make for a good choice. But if you see in my notes at the bottom of the first page I put some other candidate movies. Uh La Vita e Bella is an Italian one, but it's also about history and it happens at t the same period as Schindler's List. And I also quoted Pulp Fiction and Silence of the Lambs, um a bit more remote from the themes, but quite well known movies and enjoyable I would say. So do you have any questions about this, or should we just move to the next candidate maybe? Okay. It's just below the table, so since we all refer to the table Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, I think the summary is i is quite good, and especially I think it uh well mm when you read it you just want to go to see the movie. I think it looks funny for me. I haven't seen the movie, but uh the summary looks funny. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Actually, who are the two characters on the the p the poster, on the on the image that Uh-huh. And w and which one is the Big Lebowski on the picture? Okay, so the guy with the glasses. The Vietnam guy. Hmm. Well, sort of. Oh. Mm-hmm. Oh. Yeah, you cannot read it very well because Mm. Uh-huh. Yeah, the text on this one is very good. Oh because it's square. Uh-huh. Yeah, I don't like the black one. The f the first poster is I think much uh much too dark. No, that's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe two or three sentences, because I guess they won't stop in front of the poster. Yep. So layout of the first one and colours of the third one. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh okay. So the woman on the second picture, that's Julianne Moore or oh. Ah. Interesting. So it's not really violent or I mean the movie is quite for general audiences. Okay. okay. Huh. Well, at least voted for it. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, let's nominate first. And then we vote we choose from the list. Mm-hmm. Well I'll nominate the one I proposed, Saving Private Ryan, so history, war, drem drama. And I haven't seen it, but I would like to see it and I think American Beauty. If you if you think that our series okay, it's not about America, but uh still Apocalypse well, yeah. It's about countries. So, Agnes, Denis? So Denis, are you happy with our choices or would you like to add something? Mm-hmm. Okay. So what if we voted, say, like for first and second choice and then we count? You can give two points to one and one point to another one? Would you like this strange way to vote? Um okay so uh Oh yeah, um well it's uh well if I nominated two and I was the only one, I'll give two points to Saving Private Ryan and one to American Beauty. You don't want to finish, Denis. Then you'd better hurry. Okay. Okay. That makes the vote more complicated. Um okay, so I'll give um uh b um okay, two to The Sixth Sense and one to The Big Lebowski. I note that you didn't nominate a film, so you are sort of freer than us. Agnes? Okay, oh. American Beauty four, Big Lebowski three. So you have to redo the posters, uh? Mm. Mm-hmm. You mean the first poster, yeah. Maybe you can leave those. Oh leave Julianne Moore. Okay, I'm looking forward to seeing it, I haven't see it, so Um so we have to select the movie for May. So uh we'll try a movie from the two thousands. And we can meet at the beginning of May. So I think Monday is second? No, Monday is third already. Mm whatever. Okay. Yeah, how many people we got and uh Mm-hmm. Maybe some kind of movies that spans across periods. I think there is a Godard with a lot of um quotations from other movies or well let's see when we Let's cross the bridge when we get to it. Thanks, see you April ni twenty ninth, American Beauty.
Are you gonna take the minutes? Good. Hello. Um I don't, do you have an extra copy? Thanks. Okay. Mm-hmm. Sure. Okay, so the previous movies that we've done this year were Lawrence of Arabia, Apop Apocalypse Now and Amadeus, which were all historical, serious, dramatic and somewhat actiony movies. So for this month I propose doing something different, preferably something set in the present, um something maybe dramatic but slightly less serious. So what I'd propose is actually a thriller or a mystery. And while these days people are so jaded by general movies that they tend not to be surprised by the endings in mysteries, some movies in the nineties did actually have twists that people came out saying, never saw that coming, I didn't know that that was gonna happen. And so what I'm gonna do is present you two of those movies, and before anyone says that, well, if you know th how the movie ends, you're not gonna wanna see it again, that's not necessarily the case, because a lot of people like to re-watch movies um to see where the clues were, what they missed, things they didn't pay attention to the first time around. Um so if you can go to the next slide. What I'd propose is either The Usual Suspects or The Sixth Sense. Um The Usual Suspects is slightly less mainstream. Um is has a fairly large cast, notably Kevin Spacey, Gabriel Byrne, um and it was directed by Bryan Singer, it's one of his earlier movies I think. It was written by Quist Christopher McQuarrie. Um and according to Rolling Stone it's the freshest, funniest and scariest crime thril thriller to come along since Pulp Fiction. Uh The Sixth Sense on the other hand is a more commercial movie with its famous line, I see dead people. Um it was written and directed by M_ Night uh Shyamalan and stars Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment and Toni Collette, and it's about a little boy who sees dead people and i he sees a child psychologist to try to get him to understand why he sees the dead people, what it means. Now that you've given away the twist, yes. Um Yeah. Send your complaints to Rolling Stone. So on the next couple of slides I'll just go through some of um more detailed stuff that we might need for administrative purposes. Um the length for The Usual Suspects um is a hundred and five minutes. Uh as you can s well, as Andrei already said, it's n nineteen ninety five. It has an R_ rating, which means that at least in the in North America it was not recommended for people under eighteen, 'cause it's fairly violent, but not so violent as other movies. Um plot outline uh five villains in New York are rounded up by the police in an unconventional manner that worries them. After release they get together for a spot of revenge, but someone else is controlling events. And the big mystery of the movie is who's controlling the events. Um it got an eight point seven out of ten user rating on the Internet Movie Database, it's sixteenth in the top two hundred and fifty movies of all time, forth in Denis's list of the top movies of the nineteen nineties, which I think was also taken from I_M_D_B_. Um it won several Academy Awards, including best supporting actor and best writing, um best film for the British equivalent of the Academy Awards, it was nominated for a Cesar for best foreign film. So it got a fair bit of recognition despite not being um a very mainstream, high budget movie, or maybe because it wasn't a mainstream, high budget movie. I don't think a lot of people have seen it, in fact, other than you haven't seen it, you haven't seen it, you've seen it. And don't think a lot of people have seen it, it's not a very very well known movie. What? Is it? See? Really? That surprises me, I always got the impression that it was Yeah. Well, it's a good movie. Yeah. Yeah. So but I think the main thing is it's got a good twist at the end and it's it's an interesting movie to watch. Um so if you go to the next slide. More or less the same thing for The Sixth Sense. It's slightly newer, nineteen ninety nine, more or less the same amount of time. It has a lower rating, 'cause it's less violent, but it depends what audience we are gonna have at the showings. It has it's scary and I think it has some sort of slight violence, but. Yeah, but they're not violently dead. It's it's morbid and it's creepy, but it's not violent as in people being sliced in half or anything like that. Um um it's nineteenth in the top movies of the nineties, hundred first in the top two hundred fifty, it was nominated for a lot of awards, it didn't win as many. Might have won more sort of minor awards, but at least the Academy Awards, it was nominated for five of them, um but didn't win. Nevertheless still a good movie, still a good twist at the end, which Denis already gave away. Good. Um so those would be my two choices. Let it's a sort of different style from the other movies we've seen, and they have a twist, so it's not your general movie where you just kind of sit through it and go, oh okay, get up and leave. It's at least out of those two movies I came out thinking, oh cool, okay. Yeah, but I mean that's a good thing, right? Yes. Yeah. Which is a good marketing ploy, if you think about it. Yeah, Bruce Willis is and the kid is really good, who plays the the main character. Yeah, yeah. Same guy. No. I've heard a lot of really good things about it, but Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think it's about three hours long, something like that. And it's a heavy movie, I it's emotional, it's I think it did. Either for director if not for best picture. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I've seen it. Yeah, yeah, that was his comeback movie, yeah. Yeah. It's Uma Thurman, yeah. Uh maybe 'cause I_M_D_B_ is updated daily, so if it happens that people had voted for it Mm-hmm. Have you? But it is this movie. Ah okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. No, it's later than that, isn't it? Yeah. I don't know, but it was a good performance, creepy. Yeah. I think so, yeah. When did it come out? Yeah. As are we all. Yeah, me too. I don't think I've seen it since then. Ah. No, on the seco uh second one. Yeah. It wasn't that good, but I think it was almost more disgusting in a way There were some scenes in it where normally I don't get queasy watching movies, but that was just too much. It might be a little bit too violent for I dunno. Yeah. That's a good movie. Yeah, it's Kevin Spacey. Quite possibly, yeah. Yeah. Theoretically, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Morgan Freeman. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well let's go through the other suggestions. I do. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Up close. Yeah. It's very different, I don't think you can compare them. Also sets the mood a little bit. Darker and Yeah, but you'd get a different impression if you had bright blue sky and bright sunshine behind it. Mm-hmm. Yeah, he's private Ryan. Well They're being sent to the front behind enemy lines to retrieve one soldier only because all of his other brothers died. Most of them get killed, don't they? Yeah. Yeah. Mm-mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I tried to. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Or is that the other Lebowski? Oh, okay. Buscemi, yeah. Really? Mm-hmm, yeah. I think it looks too much like a C_D_ cover, though. I like the layout of the first one and the content of this one. It looks like two different posters though. It's hard to read. The paragraph I think was a little bit long. I would and content of the second one. Yeah. Yeah, like what you have there. And then maybe replace the paragraph that you had on the first poster with either shorter sort of descriptions, not even of the whole plot, but just descriptions of the movie or 'cause I think that paragraph is too long, people don't r generally just stand there and then read the whole thing. Mm-hmm. It's here, forty eight. I hope more people have seen it. Mm-hmm. Um I'd go for Sixth Sense, just because it's different from all the other ones and maybe Shawshank Redemption, just because we haven't seen it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay, um Okay. Okay, um So I'll I'll give two to American Beauty and mm one to The Big Lebowski. Okay, so it's pretty clear. American Beauty. Well you can keep the format, I mean th you didn't have that many graphics in the first one. Yeah. Okay. Yes, but of the wrong movie. That's the real twist. No, she's not. No, it's who is it? Annette Bening, who's the m the main character, the well, the main female character, the mother. When do you want these images by? Just quickly. Day after tomorrow? Two thousands. Third isn't it? Monday May third? We can ask people casually, sort of what genre of movie they want, or Start again. Or go back to the fifties. Okay. American Beauty.
