Hello. Yeah. Yep. Um I've got a PowerPoint presentation. Sure. It's not very long in any case. Yep. Yeah. Okay, so what I was thinking is basically the previous movies that we had, which you've already mentioned in the agenda d um Lawrence of Arabia, Apocalypse Now and Amadeus, were fairly historical, serious, dramatic, and also action-ey movies except for maybe Amadeus. Um this month I was thinking of selecting something that's more in the present time, still dramatic but slightly less serious. And what I'd propose is something of a thriller or mystery. And I know that a lot of people find mystery is not really mysterious in the movies these days, they kind of can predict what's gonna happen, um but in the nineties there were some movies that did have surprise endings and that people came out saying okay, didn't see that coming, so I thought we could maybe show one of those. And even if people have already seen the movie, a lot of the times you go back and watch the movie again, and you pick up on things that you didn't really notice the first time around, or you see where the clues were and mm what led up to the end, so that's more along the lines of what I was thinking. And the two in particular that I would propose are, next slide please, The Usual Suspects and The Sixth Sense. Um I don't know if you've seen any of them. Uh The Usual Suspects was directed by Bryan Singer and written by Christopher McQuarrie. It has a fairly large cast, so I'm not gonna read all of them, but the main characters are Kevin Spacey and Gabriel Byrne. And it's basically about five criminals who get set up. Um they're arrested, they're released from prison and the get together um and plan a crime, and basically the story is told through the views of one of the suspects. Um the tag line is kind of neat, five criminals, one lineup, no coincidence and you get told the story um as uh that these f characters are being controlled um by one sort of uber-villain, and in the end you find who the uber-villain was. And I kind of like the the quote from Rolling Stone magazine, The Usual Suspects is the freshest, funniest Well they ha have you guys seen the movie? So I'm not gonna give away you want me to give away the movie? That'll spoil it. I'll tell you later. But the the quote from Rolling Stone is fairly accurate, I think. It's one of the freshest, funniest and scariest crime thrillers to come along since Pulp Fiction. And the other movie is The Sixth Sense with the famous line I see dead people, which the little boy says. Um it was written and directed by M_ Night uh Shyamalan and stars Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment and Toni Collette and again has a neat twist that you find out right at the end. Yeah. yeah, The Sixth Sense was very commercial, but anyways It's the poster for The Sixth Sense, but unfortunately I couldn't find a clear, big enough one. Yeah. Yeah, I th I think it's only part of a full yeah, it goes th the all of the se all of the senses. Um if you go to the next slide there's slightly more detailed things about the movies. So The Usual Suspects is a hundred and five minutes long, so it's a decent length of time. It has an R_ rating, so I don't remember what type of audience we had at the last uh shows, but it may not necessarily be suitable for kids. R_ is sort of if you're eighteen and under, you have to have an adult with you. It's mostly for violence, yeah, it's restricted. Um it got an eight point seven out of ten on the Internet Movie Database. It's the sixteenth in the top f two hundred and fifty movies and fourth in the top movies of the nineties. It won um a couple of Academy Awards, notably for best writing, um so that's for the script um and best actor for Kevin Spacey. Mm-hmm. Yeah, fourth in the top movies of the nineties. Sixteenth in the top two hundred and fifty I think, of all time. Yeah. So it won lots of awards um, it won best film from the British um British Film Association, or the British equivalent of the Academy Awards. Um it was nominated for best foreign film for the Cesar. Plenty of awards, yeah. I think of all time, yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, it's ratings by viewers and Yeah, like Memories Yeah, and Forty Four as well, which has seven hundred and forty something votes. Yeah so Yeah um Yeah. No it's a good movie, I I highly recommend it, and I wouldn't mind seeing it again, because I do know the ending and I haven't been able to watch it again to see where the hints were that were scattered across the movie, 'cause apparently there are hints as to who it is. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. and he's the one telling the story, yeah. There's him and the the guy in the burn unit. The second movie is The Sixth Sense. Again, it's fairly short. It has an easier rating, it's P_G_ thirteen, um it's much less violent. It got an eight point one out of ten, it's a hundred and first in the top two hundred and fifty and it's nineteenth on your list I think, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, it's nineteenth. Um got a fair number of votes, too, ninety six thousand. Um again, it was nominated for a lot of different Academy Awards, um it didn't win any, but it got a lot of buzz and a lot of people liked it, so. Those are my two selections, and as you can see, the plot is a boy who communicates with spirits that don't know when they're dead, seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist to figure out why he's seeing what he's seeing and what it means. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's only right right at the end where you find out really what's going on and it makes you rethink everything that happened beforehand. So those would be my two suggestions and y they ar they are slightly more commercial, or at leas The Sixth Sense is, than the other ones we've seen, but Yeah. Yeah, they were they were nominated for a lot of different awards, they didn't win. But I guess the comp I can't remember what the competition was that year, but And they were nominated for a lot of them, and um Yeah. So I think that's it, unless you have any questions. Yeah, that's it. You sent your slides around, right? Yeah. No I haven't. I've heard a lot of good things about it, I've heard it's a really powerful movie, but I haven't seen it. Yeah, it's set in a jail. Yeah. Me. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's a fairly emotional movie though. That's one thing to keep in mind is that it's Yeah, but Amadeus isn't really representative of the eighties either. Yeah, and according to your thing it's nineteen eighty four, so. No. It is a good movie, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But it gets updated daily. Yeah. Mm. No. Wait, how many of us saw Schindler's List? Three of us? Did you see it? I'm just trying to keep track of how many of us have seen You have? You have. You haven't. I can't remember. I think also it's old enough that even if people saw it the first time around, they don't necessarily remember everything that happened, 'cause I remember seeing it when it came out, but I don't particularly remember So we've all seen it. Is what? I haven't I don't remember the soundtrack. Yeah, I mean if there's something that none of us like, we can just eliminate it, but we might as well leave everything 'till the end. No. Yeah. Yeah, it's a gangster movie. Ray Liotta and Joe Pesci I think, maybe? I think yeah, on the right, and the guy on the left is Ray Liotta. I recognise them. I'm a movie buff, I know way too much about movies and actors and everything. What was it about? Very descriptive. No. A little bit? Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So the other killer is Hannibal Lecter, who Yeah, he's in jail and he's real no, h He tries to help the F_B_I_ agent, but he plays head games with the F_B_I_ agent at the same time. And so With her? He manages to freak her out. So. Hannibal Lecter is a very The Moth. Which, the one who's in jail or the one who Anthony Hopkins. I don't either. Yeah, he's scary in that movie. Yeah, I vaguely remember what it is, but How many of us have seen it? I'm guessing you haven't seen it or h okay. So have we all seen it? Okay, so we've all seen it. I can't either, 'cause I saw it right when it came out. It came out when ninety one, yeah. So. Yeah, me too. And at that age I was like mm. Yeah. That was very good, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Suburban life. There's a lot of very true things in it. Yeah. Yeah. It's much less dark than the other movies we have on that list. It's not well it's dark but no. No. But not like violent cutting people to pieces psychopaths they're just everyone has their own issues and No. Well With hi his daughter, his like teenage daughter. So that's the best friend, and he fantasises about her and Mm-hmm. See I don't know what was mainstream in Europe, like all of these movies are very mainstream for me. But It has other movies, but I think it's predominantly No, there's movies from everywhere, but Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, I've never even heard of it. Oh okay. Thank you. Mm-hmm. It's v very very violent. The landing, yeah. Yeah. This is not a movie for kids, like Yeah. yeah. Yeah, the redux version is longer. Yeah. I think just once for this. Oh maybe he did. No, for E_T_ he didn't. It wasn't until he started doing things like Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan that he actually started winning awards for them. Did he? Oh okay, yeah. I didn't know that. They re-enhanced the colour, yeah. That it was their T_V_s and not Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, about two thirds of the way through the movie, 'cause most of the movie is them find trying to find him on the front, right? No, no. Yeah, he's trying to find him. Private Ryan was Matt Damon I think, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is it him at the begin it's him at the beginning of the movie at the at the the graveyard, right? Yeah, with his family. Yeah. I have. I don't think so. No, it was an Italian. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No. Mm-hmm. Mm it's Julianne Moore, isn't it? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I quite like that. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Looks like a C_D_ cover. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh okay. I actually don't like it. It looks like two yeah. It's it looks like two separate posters. Although I think you can mix I would keep the format of the first one, add the quotes and the content information from the second one. So take those take those quotes, get rid of that section of text, put those quotes in there, put the the information you had in the second poster about the movie club, how to join, kind of in the middle and keep this title and everything just slightly higher up. I think it does. I think the contrast between the the the strip of film and or the strip of pictures and everything else is Yeah. Yeah, so take all of that content throw it up into the first one, and then maybe add the quotes that you had from the from the famous directors sort of at the bottom or something. Yeah. Usual Suspects. Mainly because only two of us have seen it and it's not a mainstream movie, so I don't think a lot of people would have seen it to begin with. Mm-hmm. So you reduced that by what, two? American Beauty and Wait I'm missing one. What am I missing, Pulp Fiction? Was that one of them? Okay. I have seven. Okay. Pulp Fiction. I'm not a huge fan of Quentin Tarantino. And it didn't make a good impression. Really eliminate Pulp Fiction. It's gone. We're all gonna vote for something different. I I still like The Usual Suspects, but I like American Beauty too. So. Usual Suspects. You have the deciding vote. Yeah. That's fine. It'll make a good change from the other ones. If you don't like it it's your problem. Yeah. Yeah. Ascension. Mm 'kay. Okay. Ninth, ninth? Yeah, twenty ninth.
Hello. No, I haven't. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Okay, I have a PowerPoint presentation and uh it's about there are some reviews of the of the I think like seven movies. No, I haven't. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. Nineties, yeah. So plenty of awards we we could say. Of all the movies, yeah yeah. It's still good, actually. By the users. So it's definitely just the average of the rating and okay th the number of the votes is there just for the information, so that you know how how reliable yeah. Yes. Mm Okay. Okay, then you yeah. Then yes, yes, yes, yes, sure. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. And what is the second movie? Yeah, Sixth Sen Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, now you can go to to my slides, but actually what I pre what I have prepared is just a kind of a review of fo uh se six or seven movies, if you ca can go to the second slide. Yes, basically seven movies, and it's uh it's uh uh top movies uh based on the uh on the ra ranking and a and awards awards. Um you see the the names of the movies on the on the on the wall. So um we can perhaps go through all of them and we can little bit discuss, so I I I have n I didn't see all of them actually, so it's just we should probably select one of these, because I think uh these are really good movies and uh, okay, we will see. So if you can go through uh okay, so this is the first movie and uh it's it's m it's more like a drama. Uh it's uh it's uh very uh high ranked and actually you have a a nicer list, because uh we can even see the number of the votes. So what is the number of the people? Finally I found actually your table much better than my than my presentation, because perhaps here we can we can really see I mean What is the ranking? We ha didn't have the plot, yeah. Yeah, who has seen this movie? Because then perhaps someone can give some some comment. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's this one. It's the one that is on the on the wall. It's projected, yeah. So I ge okay, so no one of us saw this movie, so in that case perhaps it's it's little bit danger to select that movie for the for the s play, so uh Schindler's List, who saw this? I saw it, and I think this on is re um this one is really nice, it's uh, you know, all a all of you knows the the story, so. Uh it's quite hi it's quite high ranked, so I think uh it's not a bad movie, I'm uh thinking whether there was some good occasion, uh something what has happened recently. There was something like a celebration of the fifty years after the war or something recently, no? No, that's Sixty, yeah. S it can't be fifty, sure. Yeah, so. Mm-hmm. That's true. Yes. Yes yes yes. Um but even here I wouldn't uh uh say that the that th this style is representative of the nineties, right, so. Um okay, but uh anyway, I think it's it's really a good movie, I like it when I saw it and uh okay. It's one of the candidates, I defini yeah, Steven Spielberg is really quite a good so I director, so I I would say we we could think about it. So I would keep it as a candidate, at least. That's the second one. Um no. I think we can just skip this slide. Uh yeah. It's That's strange, what is the rating? Perhaps it has changed. It's higher. It gets updated. Yes, yes, and I did it I did it on Wednesday. Yes. Mm-hmm. So it probably has changed, so um it becomes more popular, no po uh yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh Schindler's List. I saw it, I saw it. Mm-hmm. Okay, Pulp Fiction. Uh I think it's again quite uh hi high ranked uh, but from my perspective, everyone already saw it. Who was interested in that movie, he saw it. Wh who is not interested in that movie, he he didn't see it and he uh wouldn't uh like to see it in the in our movie club. So I think we should uh we should just leave skip it out and leave it out. I I wouldn't think about this as a candidate, even if it's a good movie, but I don't know, I think it's Yes, yes, there was ple I I think there was a plenty of loops actually, plenty of. I fully agree that you can see this movie three times perhaps, three times and for the fourth time see you still discover something new, but uh on the other hand, I have the impression it's really it's uh, you know, every everyone saw it, it's it's quite well known, uh it woul it wou I Yeah. Me neither. Mm. So what do you think? I I wouldn't think about this as a candidate, because it seems to me it's Mm-hmm. Vote, that's the best, yeah, yeah. When going through we c we could just eliminate. Okay, so we are not gonna eliminate this one. Uh Goodfellas, I didn't see it. No. But you can read the comment from the users, uh that's the that's the last uh bullet point, and it says uh simply a masterpiece uh, and it's uh Scorsese's last really great movie to date. Mafia, yes. I can't recognise them from the picture. The picture is not very good quality. And it's a movie from nineties? The one that you saw, that you mentioned? Yeah. No. Silence of the Lambs uh should I tell something more? Godfather of all thrillers, that's what it what it says on the what some uh user says. Uh so, okay, it's a little bit horror, so I think it's quite it's uh it's uh It's definitely not for kids, uh but uh if the kids are not visitors of our cinema, why not? It One have to rethink when when when you are watching this movie, you have to think and it's uh scaring. Uh why not? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. So the F_B_I_ agent is assigned to to help uh find a a missing woman and uh save her f uh her from a psychopathic killer with the help of another killer. Yeah. He's in prison, yes. He's a really psychotic man. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Anthony No. But he plays it really good. Anthony Hop Hopkins he really plays it very good, very good, yeah. So I've I've see I've seen it, but I can't really remember exactly the all the details. Uh. It's a long time ago, it's from ninety one? Ninety one, yeah. So and I saw it when I was like twelve or thirteen. So perhaps it would be Yeah. Could you go to the next slide? Yeah, it's here, and that's actually my last slide. So um I don't know, because it nicely f I I was thinking perhaps we are not able to go through more of them. Uh So American Beauty, so I can perhaps read a little bit the user comment if you want, or uh yeah, you can read the plot outline on the on the on the projector, but it's basically deep, wonderful and penetrating movie, extraordinary uh irony and the p and the psychological drama about American life. Poetic? Okay, the way of filming perhaps, but uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And it's my last slide. So uh yes, yes, yes. And I think, okay, why not. It seems to me that perhaps that Schindler okay, definitely Schindler Schindler's List is perhaps more serious topic for sure, but um well it depends, it depends what we want. Do we want that people are more like uh relaxed in our in our cinema, or are more interested in some particular things? Um what do you think, I mean what should we how we should uh What should be the influence, how we are influencing the people in the cinema? Um What do we want? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Maybe can I ask you for the for the list of movies? This one. And the Denis, Denis, could you give me the the list of the to uh top fifty? Yeah. But you have your own copy then? okay, good, thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's the I I I saw it and I d I'm trying to remember the beginning, that's the Normandy landing? Okay, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, that was really horrible. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. No, not at all. Mm-hmm. Because people start to complain that uh that w there was a problem with a T_V_ when they were broadcasting the movie on the T_V_. Uh That's an interesting point, interesting point. Yeah, but in the end you can ref yes. No. Mm-hmm. By the way, did he fied dinally uh f fi died finally or not? Uh the Private Ryan, yeah. Th they I remember I remember they found him, but ah okay, yes yes yes. Because I remember Mm-hmm. Because I remember that th in the end of the movie they are trying to defend some bridge or something and there's quite heavy shooting and uh finally it's actually John Miller who die. Okay okay. It's not the Private Ryan Mm-hmm. Perhaps it was a g uh this uh Tom Hanks, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. If he would kill him, he wouldn't die. Wow. Tom Hanks wouldn't die. I've seen it. I've seen it. Out of time? Mm-hmm. What is the movie about, the La Vita e Bella? Ah-ha. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh uh-huh. How it end up, what is the what is the ending of the movie? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's actually the third movie about the Second War. Schindler's List, a P uh Saving Private Ryan and La Vita e Bella. Mm-hmm. Just partially I think. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Why the movie is called The Big Lebowski? Why The Big uh Lebowski is his uh family name, right, but why it's called The Big Okay. And why The Big Lebowski? It's the it's the second one or Uh-huh. Ah okay, okay. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think this is not bad, because they say something little bit about our uh movie club and uh, yeah, The Big Lebowski it's clear that it's a movie and uh I guess the people can remember that it was a movie at least, even if they haven't see it. CD cover. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but I on the contrary I would say there is too many colours and uh it's difficult to read and uh Yeah, that would be the best. Yeah, all this information and put into the first one. Mm-hmm. If if they fit there if they fit there, you will see. Mm-hmm. So Big Lebowski. Mm-hmm. Okay, good idea. So I'm really convinced by The Big Lebowski. I yes, yeah, I I would like to uh, yeah, at least to have it uh in the in the nominees, exactly and uh I'm trying to remember all of them. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And then I'm still hesitating between the Schindler's List and the S uh Silence of the Lambs. May I nominate uh these all these three movies, Big Lebowski, Schindler's List and the Silence of the Lambs? Mm-hmm. So eliminate first eliminate first? Mm-hmm. I'm sorry, could you go t uh uh uh once again through uh the list of the movies, because I don't or i is it possible to put them on the on the on the uh whiteboard? Okay, okay, so the Schindler's list, The Usual Suspects, uh Silence of the Lambs, uh Big Lebowski, okay. Saving Private Ryan. One, two. Pulp Fiction, okay. I have six I have six. How many? Okay, we American Beauty. Okay. Yeah, and I would eliminate Yeah. And I would eliminate Pulp Fiction actually as well if so Another one. Because it because it would be Saving Private Ryan. Mm. I vote for Big Lebowski. Make a decision. Already ready yeah. So So it's gonna to be Big Lebowski? Okay. No no no no no, I I like it, I like it. Okay, beginning of May, but there are there is plenty of holidays at the beginning of May, no? Ascension? Mm-hmm. Okay, okay, no problem. Good. Twenty nine. Really looking forward. I want to see it.
Hi. So I don't know if you all received the the a agenda for this meeting. Do you no? Here it is. So um um the goal for today are um We have two goals. Uh first is to decide a movie for uh the next projection for our movie club. As you know uh so it's for the last Friday of this month of April. As you probably remember, the movie already projected were uh Lawrence of Arabia and Apocalypse Now in February and Amadeus from Milos Forman in March. So um the question that is open is are we going to select a movie from the nineties and which movie. So that's the first goal, decide for a movie to be projected, and second goal is to uh discuss for an ad advertising poster um for our um uh club, because we noticed that n last time not enough people came to the projection. So that's it. Um wh who wants to start to So I guess you all prepared some documents for the mm selection of movie. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I have also uh a piece of paper with uh my favourite movie. Okay, so presentation? Yeah. Okay. A Agnes, we can start with you? Okay, here it is. I passed this one. Which which one was it again? The guy who was controlling? I don't remember, I have seen the movie twice, but uh It's the bald guy, the No, no. Okay. Yeah, it's a bit more commercial that one. first one. Um R_ is what uh in Okay. Restricted. But wait, I I have the top ten from the nineties? No, the top fifty. And it's fourth. Oh, sorry, sorry, yep. Yeah, yeah. From yeah. Yeah, yeah. But but sixteenth in top two hundred fifty, it's what two uh all all days? All time? Okay. But those rating are more like uh it's the number of votes, no? Votes and u Yep. And rating. Yep. Yeah yeah. Yep. Okay, yep. Ah, now I remember. Yep. Actually there is one guy who is the at the police station and they ask him to tell the story. Yeah. Yeah. Both movies are quite similar in some way, because the last sentence is uh totally contradictory to the whole movie. It's uh Yeah, the last sentence from the movie. Yeah. Okay. You have a last slide or no. Okay. Okay. Yeah one hundred f w uh one hundred forty thousand. No, we don't have the plot of the of the movie and uh Okay, but maybe we can wh who has seen this movie? I uh I think I I I've seen it actually, but I have no idea. It it's in uh jail right, it taking yeah. I don't remember well this movie. Yep. Okay. Okay. Okay, so mm Yep, so let's Yeah, I've seen it also. Sixty. S sixty years. Yep. Yep. That's right, yeah. But then it's not representative of the nineties. It's more a movie about the story of uh the horror of the uh endured by the Jewish during the Second World War. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah. Okay, and Steven Steven Spielberg is uh Okay. Okay, The Usual Suspect, do we want to say something again about it, or How come it's coming third on your list? It's forth on Agnes's uh and on my list, but it's okay. Ah you j you selected some movies, no? You didn't take the six first. And me on Tuesday, probably. Okay. Do we have something to add on this movie, or Okay. Yep. Yep. That's why you are in the movie club, to see more movies. Why not? It's quite representative of the nineties, I think. And the structure of the movie is interesting. I I think the the first scene is actually the same scene as the last scene, no? There is a kind of loop in this movie. Yep. Yeah yeah. I agree also. Yeah. You've you've seen it? Okay. And the soundtrack is uh is gorgeous also. No, you don't the soundtrack. No. Yeah, yeah. W w we vote at the end, or you want to Okay. No. Ah it's Scorsese's It's uh yeah, again a movie about uh on mafia, no? With uh Robert de Niro, and who are the o two other guys? I cannot Ah Joe Pesci, yeah. On the r on the right, you mean? Yeah. It's the exact same actors who played in um another mafia movie that I cannot rememb Les Affranchis, it was the name in French. No? About uh mafia uh it that's why I tha that's why I didn't go to see this one, it's quite i it seems to me they're all about the same subject and the same I don't know. Probably. Yeah. Okay, n nobody's seen it, so. Okay. So it's about a psychopathic killer. And what was it again, the plot? I mea the He he's in jail and he's still killing? Ah, okay, yeah, yeah. Yep. Who's playing the ps psychopath again? I don't Yeah. Okay, yeah. Okay. No, I've seen it actually twice, I think. That's it's it's probably begin Ninety one. Yep. Okay, American Beauty w w was coming next, seven, was quite quite nice actually. Ah, it's actually there. Why you choose you choose seven movie? Okay. Yeah, it's definitely about American life. It's it's kind of crude the critique, but uh on the other way it's quite poetic, it's uh yeah. Yeah, you know, with the the way of filming and um I don't know, I found it pretty No, it's q it's quite in interesting. So yeah. Well, it depends. Ah no, it's it's not violent at all, but more it's more the cr the cr the critique that is quite crude, because all the people in this movie are are uh psychopath in their own way. But they are normal people then. Yeah. Actually, there is this it's uh uh what, a fifty years old man that quit his job and fall in love with um the best friend of his daughter. Yeah, it's it's good movie. Okay. You have seen it, Mirek? I think we w want them to to see movies that they won't see oth otherwise, but I'm not sure then it's quite popular the movie we selected, so. If they are in the top fifty, they are quite mainstream, but uh Uh I think there is the There are Chinese movies, English movies. It's it's quite a lot for Kieslowski actually. I was surprised to s yeah yeah. And Festen also is uh is quite high. Uh I I don't know if you've seen this one. It's The Celebration I think. It's uh uh movie from a Swedish guy. Danish? Dogma movies, yeah. Lars von Trier. Yeah. Okay, can we discuss about your document, maybe? Yep. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sure. Yep. Yeah. It's quite horrible actually. Yeah. Mirek, you didn't see it? Yeah. But it's it's a piece of art because he used something like one hundred camera to film that, or Yep. Yeah it's quite s yeah. Yeah, it is. There is two there are two versions I think, and but w but we yeah, we projected the longer one, so. How many times uh Spielberg received the best uh director Oscar? Not for the Schin Schindler's List or for for E_T_? He won f he won the mm No, he won f for E_T_, he won the mm Cannes, uh what is uh Palme d'Or. Yeah. That was very interesting to read, yeah. But then they uh I read that they they w where was it? Th they turned back to yeah. And then then there is this uh there is an hero, I mean it's uh or a non-hero, and in all the other stu stories, the in the previous movies there were an he an hero, Lawrence of Arabia, uh Amadeus. Apocalypse Now, it's also non-hero I think, but uh but here I don't remember it's actually the Tom Hanks the hero, or it's He's Private Ryan, Tom Hanks? No he's not. He's trying to find him. Yeah, yeah. Okay. At the end, to tell you the truth, I didn't like so much the movie because it was quite moralistic, because there were a guy who was who didn't kill German because he was quite non-violent. And because he didn't kill this German, the German killed, I don't know, uh maybe um Yep. And it was like, if he had killed the mm Because he e yeah. Yeah. I have. Yeah. Yeah, we're running um But it was in English, no? Yep, so I have uh a quite different movie to propose you. I don't know uh it's f called The Big Lebowski from um uh Joel Coen. Actually they are brothers, you probably know them. I don't know how many of you have seen this movie. No? Yeah, they made uh Fargo, which is in the list. And uh uh Cr uh Cruel Intentions, or something like that I think, or Okay so, I don't know how I'm going to sell you this movie, because actually the plot is impossible to make, because it's um actually it's inspired from a movie called The Big Sleep and um Uh it's actually the t where I've seen that? In a it's uh a movie from Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep. It's uh Ah okay. Yeah yeah yeah. So it's it's uh it's a novel, okay. But uh then the story goes that while that film was in production and director, okay, okay you're right, it was a book. Okay, so it's about a a g a guy who called the D the Dude, I don't know you pronounce it, and uh he's actually uh smoking pot and doing nothing, just um he's living in L_A_. It's uh it's a typical typical fellow from the from the suburb, and he has some friends, uh typical friends, one one is uh an old guy from coming back from Vietnam, obsessed by Vietnam, um another guy who is never speaking, and they all play together uh bowling. And um the casting is very interesting, there is um okay, actually I wanted to propose you some posters related to this movie. Uh maybe it w maybe it's going to open the discussion on on posters as well. So actually here you on this the first poster you can see the actors from the movie, I don't know if you know some of them, so Jeff Bridges at the top, uh Goodman is the second one, the b the big guy. Then Turturro, and uh uh the last one is Buscemi, and I don't remember the name of the girl. Yeah, Julianne Moore. Uh I I took it from I don't know where. So uh Actu Actually I'm not going to sp to describe much more The Big Lebowski, but uh it's quite hard to describe, it's uh it's it's a journey about this guy, but it's it's a movie, quite surrealistic, I mean there are some part that are like coming from dreams and uh Yeah, it's his family name and uh actually Jeffrey Lebowski and he's he's the there is a a story with another Lebowski that yeah. And uh I I I don't remember, maybe it's just uh uh because of The Big Sleep there is uh I don't know, a reference. So it's a kind of it's like American Beauty in some way, it's even worse. We see worse people. So it's kind of uh an ethnographic movie I would say, but uh and it's a modern hero, it's it's quite fun. And the casting is is marvellous, so that is that's it for this movie. And um I just wanted to go to the design of the poster actually. Because Yeah. Yep. The idea is is also to discuss the content. Shall we put a summary of the movie or the plot, and w what kind of information do we want? So that's the first poster. There is alo um this poster, quite dark also. Uh so y y I don't know if you you cannot really see, but uh mm there is the the pricing information. So we said that one movie is eight Francs and three movies eighteen Francs. And we can have annual subscrip subscription of sixty Francs. Uh I wanted to say some information to involve people on in the committee as well, if they want to take part to the committee to select movies. And uh what else? S some Yeah, actually the idea was to s yeah, there is at the bottom the a scene from one of these dream of The Big Lebowski. And uh the the first part is actually y you see a cowboy and the the hero, the Jeffrey Lebowski, the Dude. And the cowboy, it's actually at the beginning of the movie, the c the cowboy introduce the story, and he's coming back at the end of the story, and he's e explaining what kind of movie uh you are going to to see. And last posters So same principle, but I w I don't know, I w I was thinking of adding some some um cita quotations of uh well known directors. And uh Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, I see. And yeah. Okay, I see what I wanted is more or less to know the content of the movie, uh what y you want to have on the poster. Because we di we Okay, on that one. Okay. Okay, great. So I think now we have to decide for a movie. And um Yep. So Yep. I th I would nominate uh American Beauty as well. And um and I would be okay with Saving Private Ryan, it's it's it can Or we can eliminate first one one movie each, and then we s and then we select. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's a bit cruel, but uh that's I think a good way. Me, I would remove Silence of the Lambs because I think it's too violent. And you have a reason for it or Okay. Maybe you can eliminate another one, you can no? W Agnes, you v O Okay, now I have the if we want okay, if we want to take a okay. Okay, so I'll go with The Big Lebowski, since the posters are already ready. Yeah, I think. Okay. So we have other anyway. So can we decide for uh a next meeting maybe? Okay. Okay, o or we'll decide after the projection of the movie the date. It's okay. Okay okay. You're welcome. Okay. Thank you. And uh see you at the projection? No, twenty ninth. Okay.
Hi. Hi everyone. I haven't. Mm-hmm. Yes. So who who has what? Actually maybe um Uh-huh. What do you have, Mirek? Uh-huh. And I have a uh well just a a piece of paper with some suggestions. What about you, Denis? Uh-huh. should we start with the two presentations maybe? Yeah? Mm-hmm. No, I haven't seen it. Um. Mm-hmm. So w what what is this s the second image on the slide? Is it the the poster or Has a s it has a strange format, um horizontal and uh so it's one two three four five six. Mm-hmm. So it means restricted. Uh-huh. Yeah, because your table is only the nineties, yeah. Mm-hmm. Well W w No, no, actually if you look at your tables, I think it's a sort of uh well average between number of votes and and and uh yeah the the rating or th the marks, because there are in you table you have uh things that have very few votes but still are ranked quite high, for instance number twenty four, which has only four thousand votes But um yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's just the search is compensated a bit for the number of people, I I don't know actually. Because if you have just ten votes and yeah probably are not in the database. But yeah, anyway it has excellent votes. Haven't seen it, but Mm-hmm. Oh. Yep. Mm-hmm. The last sentence from the movie or oh. W Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So these guys were actually nominated, so the the bottom part of your slide, actually, it says yeah, so these are the best awards they had. Okay. Too bad. Well there is just one winner, so. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah, I think your table is very clear Denis. No, I haven't. Yeah. W what is the name in French, 'cause Uh-huh. Uh yeah. Yeah. Well, actually your third slide has the plot, so uh. Yeah. Oh yeah, exactly, yeah. So yeah, this guy is jailed, okay, uh-huh. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't seen I heard about it, but Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. Um I think there was a celebration of uh sixty years from the liberation of the camps, actually. Because they were liberated beginning forty five and uh yeah, it's not bad, and it's also I think it's a good idea at at least from my point of view it's coherent with the previous films, like history, im major events. I don't know if we want to keep this coherence, or change radically, but maybe yeah, that's yeah, I think it's a drawback uh. Well, of the seventeen eighties. Yeah. Maybe it's representative of a style of the eighties, I don't know. As for Amadeus, but uh that's I don't know. But Yeah, hard to tell. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's funny actually um because on your on your slides actually the ratings are eight point seven for both. No they have the same, Usual Suspects and Pulp Fiction, both are at eight point seven, but on Denis's table uh this one is at eight point six. Who knows, maybe people voted for it, yeah. Could have changed in the meanwhile. Though with one hundred and thousand votes, it shouldn't change too much. I mean, given the number of votes, I wonder but anyway, it's m it may change I think, yeah. Okay. Wow. That's encouraging. No. Haven't. Uh I I've seen very few movies from the list, about ten out of the first fifty. Okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I've seen it, this one. I I like it very much. I've actually seen it Well, it's plenty of well known songs and, you know, the twist thing and Oh I would keep it as a candidate, but I don't know, I think for the moment m m guess most of these are candidates, so we'll try to. Yeah, we should probably vote after everyone Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No. I you you recognise them, or you can read the the text on the images. Oh okay. Huh. Very well. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Okay. No, yeah, so probably not uh So Who is in prison, actually. Yeah. No no. He tries to decrypt the the the other killers' behaviour. Yeah. Well, not very nasty ones. Or does he, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, that's basically the point, yeah. Mm-hmm. So on the picture you can see uh Jodie Foster and uh ha ha. Th th The Moth. Anthony Hopkins. The other one, I don't remember. We don't see any h see him very often. But it's Mm-hmm. Yeah. But the plot is quite horrible. I mean the not the plot, but the what the the active killer wants to do is quite horrible and Mm. Okay. Yeah, I've seen it. I think I've seen it a second time on T_V_, but maybe not entirely. They're much too young. Indeed. I haven't seen it, but I would like to see it, so. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it's not very violent, really. Ah okay, great. Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah. Uh-huh. And what about the well that picture with the the girl and do you see naked people in the movie or is it about sex or something like that? Ah okay. Supposedly. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think it's a mixture of bringing new things to them, but also making them enjoy the show, so that they come to our movie club, so yeah, I think we shouldn't maybe do very mainstream movies, but well okay, the list here is quite uh Yeah. Yeah, I think also if you look at the number of votes here. Uh Yeah. Uh regarding the Denis's table I would say given that this site, I don't know if it's mainly American, but uh I would say that Yeah, I think mm yeah, it's English speaking anyway, so uh though so Yeah, but if you look at Yeah, but I would say mainstream are the ones that have more than, whatever, sixty thousand votes, and you can see some more, well, confidential films that have like ten thousand, twenty thousand, like mm Princess Mononoke, twenty thousand and uh, whatever, the the Kieslowski at eleven thousand, the Trois Coleurs Rouge. Yeah, it's not bad at all, yeah. So yeah, anyway, if you want a definition of mainstream or whatever. Mm-hmm. Yep. D uh Danish I think, it's the Dogma movement. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, let's uh Yeah, so it's uh actually I have made I have made photocopies. I have them Denis, so it's all for you. Actually I I tried to propose just one movie with some alternates. Uh you want one? Um so my proposal, which is only a proposal, would be to to keep the focus on um uh more or less history and action, so Lawrence of Arabia was, okay, about this guy during the first world war, so it happens, okay, outside Europe and the States, but uh it's a piece of history. Uh Apocalypse Now it's uh Vietnam, if I'm um correct and, okay, Amadeus, that's much uh much earlier and it's not about it's not violent, which is a nice thing I think. But um given that we would like a movie from the nineties, I thought the Saving Private Ryan oh thanks for projecting the document um would keep this more or less this theme of uh history and war and action drama, while showing actually a very new and I would say humanistic view on on war. Because it's it's not like the sort of glorification of uh, you know, the good guys that that uh well go against the Nazis, but uh it's uh it's well the plot actually if you don't know it It's about people looking for just one soldier, in fact it's um it's about a a family of four brothers, who actually three of them get killed during the war in these days of forty well, I guess summer forty four and the uh well the government decides that they need to get back the fourth brother just to save one member of the family. And this this guy is Private Ryan. So the movie is not about killing the Germans or whatever, it's about saving at least one guy from a family, so but of course the the setting is during the war and um it's very realistic and uh very dramatic in fact. It's um it's not at all a glorification of war but it's just uh it shows a bit uh the violence of um of the things. And especially the the beginning is uh I think it's great, it's it's very violent, but it's it's an image of of war. It's uh Yeah, but I think if mm well if you compare it with It yeah, it's the landing, and actually every more or less everyone gets killed and Oh I I didn't know, but yeah, actually it's very well filmed and it's very realistic, and I don't know if you compare with, I don't know, in Lawrence of Arabia I think they have some battles and camels. I know it's very nice, someone falls somewhere there and, well you know, it's like battles that look nice, but this one doesn't look nice, and I think it's uh it's also maybe representative of the nineties, you know, people starting to get the more uh realistic view of uh of of war. But it's true, it's it's a bit violent, and so what I put here it's a bit long too, it's nearly three hours. But uh I don't know, Apocalypse Now is quite long too I think I don't remember. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So it won uh five Oscar prizes, uh best director for Steven Spielberg, um best cimena cinematography, etcetera. Uh I don't know. Oh. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Um okay, so um yeah, that's that's the point, it's it's a bit grey, and actually if you look at my second page, uh in the trivia I found out that in fact they uh actually reduced the the colour saturation of the movie, just to make it look maybe a bit like the documentaries from the time. Yeah, I was very surprised to find this uh it's They they turned back the colours for uh Yeah. Yeah. So this uh fact number two I think obviously for I mean technical people like us is uh is is is quite funny. So yeah, so I I mean these four points could serve also as an introduction if you want to talk f fo for fi five or ten minutes before the movie, I don't know, in in the room. So uh yeah, mm so tha this would be my candidate, but I'm very much open to Mm-hmm. Yeah, on th on yeah, on the picture actually yeah, it's Tom Hanks. In fact you you don't see uh Private Ryan until the end more or less, or you see mm because they they're looking for him, yeah. Mm-hmm. No, Tom Tom Yeah. Well the caption says Captain John Miller, so. So i if you look at the caption um yep. So he's uh he's Yeah, so the Private is just a simple soldier actually. Yeah. Uh who, Private Ryan or no no, they find him actually and they send him back to the family, but the Captain dies actually, Tom Han L Oh yeah, it's Private Ryan, yeah, remembering at the beginning. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, exactly, yeah, he dies unfortunately. So yeah, there is sacrifices and Mm-hmm. Oh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, the German. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I mean yeah, it has a moral dimension all over the movie, you know, saving the individual and the guys. So yeah, I I don't know. I don't know how many people have have seen it, well among you, well most of you actually. Oh all, okay, all of us. So maybe th people know it quite well. Yeah. Okay, so yeah, so I have some other candidates, um it's on first page at the bottom. Uh I also put Pulp Fiction, uh The Silence of the Lambs and I also, well, sort of included La Vita e Bella, but I know we're an Engish movie club, so I guess it's um it's a bit out of purpose. But it Oh it's uh it's about again about the camps and the Second World War. So it's about uh a family of Italians which uh g arrives into a a death camp, and in fact it's treated in a more or less humorous mode, so um the father tries to hide from i from his boy that they are in a death camp, and it's this very strange mm well, not really humour, but relation between the uh how Well the boy gets saved, but the father dies. Yeah. So I don't know i it created some controversies I think, because people said you shouldn't do any form of humour related to the camps, but it's very very moving, so I think it's anyway um Italian, so. Yep. Yeah. Okay uh Denis. Haven't seen it, but uh I heard it's very funny. And I've seen some other films by by the Coen brothers. Yeah, which is in your table. Um the last one was the one with Catherine Zeta-Jones uh. Crue crue Yeah, something about cruelty or very funny. A movie or a novel? No, but they say that Raymond Chandler wrote the novel. You see, it's the the last but one paragraph on your second page. I think so. Mm. Um Y you wrote the paragraph on the poster? Okay. Could be edited a bit. Yeah. Yeah, there are two Lebowskis in the film. Mm-hmm. Yeah, there should be a reference there. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's probably a bit dark for a poster, but otherwise it's very nice. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh okay, it's a dream. Okay, sounds a bit crazy. Yeah. Hmm. Uh-huh. Yeah. I like it because it's not so dark, so the images are a bit um brighter. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Wh what about a brighter background, because this one, I don't know how it would show on a wall or something like this. It doesn't really catch your attention. 'Kay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, the content was very good in the second one. Th Yeah, all this information is very good. Mm-hmm. Oh or just one of them. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. W I I would suggest if it's not too long, maybe each of us could nominate one or two movies. We make a list and then we vote. What do you think? So who wants so, Mirek, what do you nominate? You are? Okay. In the nominees, okay. Another nominee? Okay, Agnes, Usual Suspects. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well you can nominate one or two, so that we or whatever. Um I would nominate, well okay, my candidate, Saving Private Ryan. And uh I'm happy with your nominations too. Uh I would nominate also Pulp Fiction, because it's a very good movie. Um Denis, so your yours is already nominated, but you want Yeah. Okay, so it's already on the list. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if you want. So so we have uh seven candidates. Um if you have a good short term memory that should be okay. Yeah. So uh Big Lebowski, Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, Schindler's List and Silence of the Lambs. So now let's vote. Should we vote just for one film or should each of us say give Okay. So Big Lebowski Alright. Uh you can write on your paper maybe. And Saving Private Ryan. So Yeah, Pulp Fiction, yeah. Okay, so each of us chooses one to eliminate. Okay. Denis? Okay. I will just remove it this way. Um um I would remove Schindler's List because it's too sad. Well, it's not very good reason, but Oh, too bad. No, no. Well I mean leave someth okay, so we're left with The Big Lebowski, Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan and American Beauty. Okay, so let's vote just simply for one, for the moment. So I would vote for American Beauty, because I haven't seen it. Um so Mirek, Big Lebowski. Agnes, Denis? Uh yeah, you can choose. Y you're the president maybe after all uh. Okay. Yeah, I think I'm quite fine. Is it a b yeah, I think at least it's funny and uh that's nice. Okay. So. Decision. Mm-hmm. That's your fault, Mirek. No, no, no, I mean yeah, it's you voted for it. But I'm quite happy with it, I haven't seen it. Well, beginning of May I guess, to choose the film for May. Is that Yeah, the fifth is um Ascension. What's that, going up to the sky? Yeah, we can do it like the Tuesday before the Ascensions and that's May third. So yeah. So thanks for the posters actually, Denis, they are very nice. Okay. See you on what, April twenty sixth, or what's the mm twenty ninth. Okay.
