Your judgement it's is biased. So, we are So let's go for our detailed design meeting. So I will still play the role of the secretary, and we'll have um first the project presentation by our User Interface Designer, David Jordan, and our Industrial Designer, Baba. So we'll have to evaluate the uh your proposed remote control, and um have an idea of the price that uh this thing will cost. And in case if we're we all agree on the fabrica of um building of this remote control, we'll evaluate the um production. So maybe I will let the our two designers talk about so their You have s oh, sorry. Oops. Looks strange. Okay. Genetically modified mushroom I will say, but keep on speaking. Oh. Maybe, I hope so. Chan Yeah, okay, but don't touch don't destroy your prototype. Everything's mushroom. So we can call our remote control the mushroom. Okay. Oh. Fruits and vegetables. Vegetables. Mushroom is a vegetable. It's vegetable. So th it's something eatable. Next slide. Mm-hmm. In the base. In the basement. In the basement. And where is the solar solar cell? Where is the solar cell? Oh. Do you think it won't be It won't cris increase the price? Okay, we'll see after. We will have first to so, mister money, what's your opinion according to this remote control? Mm-hmm. Maybe if you change if you take the buttons out, and maybe do things like that It would be bet more like a lemon? Yeah. Looks like more fruit. Maybe a pineapple? And you know, you have the finger here, with the buttons? It looks more like a pineapple. Sorry. What's the use for that? And where is the voice recognition? Okay. Okay. Is it better like that? Looks okay, let's say it's a pineapple now. It looks like a now you took it. It looks like a pineapple with cherry on top. Mm uh Seven is the ma the maximum? Three, I will say three. Isn't it bitter like that? Feasible? You said previously that you there's um microphone inside an Oh. Okay, and you have the there's the technology inside that recognise simple vocal comments? And you can turn it so maybe it's techno technologically innov innovative? We have tactile buttons. Oh, yeah. Maybe two? Two? I would say two. You agree? It's better like that, isn't it? Okay. Oh, ok I understand. You take take the remote, so and you can turn like that to change the channel? I think it's quite easy to so s zapping, but maybe it will be too fast. Yeah, you have a, like that, and so on. Oh yeah. Yeah but y but you have to go through all the channels if you want to go Mm-hmm. Yeah, but when you're zapping you're changing from one channel to the other, so you're passing through all the channels. So, when you say I want to go to the channel number twenty that's you've decided to go to channel twenty, so you can say channel twenty, or channel four, because you really want to go on this channel. But if you really want to to do zapping you you don't really know what you want to do, you can turn it. Just go through all the channels and maybe stop if there is something interesting? Seems to be good. Good choice, mister David Jordan. yeah, what's what's this cherry? Okay. Yeah, th you have the vocal commands. On off. Most of the time you have the yeah it's a sleeping remote control. That's true. W that why we have the solar ti yeah. So three. Do you agree? Three? And what's your opinion? It's not what you said previously. Previously you said that turning this was the fine Fine to coarse. And from ten to ten channels here. Okay. Oh Yeah, no no, no. You can't put it out. It's just your turning from the base. You need to have everything in hand. If you want to turn, you can't use it and turn. It's impossible. You need to put it on and turn. Yeah, but nobody would be able to take it in the pocket and bring it in the kitchen and say I've lost the remote control. Nobody would take it. So nobody w will lost lose it. S maybe we can change from th Four? Easy to use, four. Gonna say four. Trois. Three. So, th the project is accepted? But I d m I think that it will be good to do some more work to transform this into a pineapple. If you re we really want to have a fruitful remote control. So uh mm mm. Mm. Okay and we we had a project prototype presentation with the evaluation. So as we all agree to accept, under certain conditions, the prototype, we'll have look to the final sh financial view. So we need to calculate the production cost. As I said in the first meeting we need to have so a remote control that would cost not more than twelve and point fifty Euros. And if not if it's not the case y you would have to redesign it. So, just have a look at the okay here is the Excel sheet, so so it has the energy source. We have hand dynamo. No, we don't use that. We have battery, right? Kinetic, we don't have it, I suppose, but we have solar cells. Um, how many do y do you need, solar cells? Do you think one would be enough, or such as as number of branches? Three? So, electronic. Single simple chip on print? Just one would be necessary? One? Zero for the others. And sample sensor, sample speaker. One? As we have voice recognition, I think. So the case. Okay, just keep on going, just to have an idea. Well uh yeah, but what what about case? Uncurved, flat, single curved, double curved. I think it's more like double curved. One? Uh wood? Uh do we need special colour? Y maybe, two? We have two special colours. Push button. Okay. Scroll wheel. We don no. It it's more like integrated scor. Yeah, maybe two scroll wheel, as we have the coarse coarse to fine scroll wheel. So, no button supplements? Okay. Okay we I think we have problem. I think we s if we keep on adding things so we have to Maybe if w t if suppose if we change and we g put just one? Has it changed. Okay. Yeah, but we have you the the voice recognition, no? Okay. Or it would be better. So, do we need special colour? Because we have red. Red and yellow. I think so we need if we try to have a kind of pineapple bee. Yeah. An but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button. And I think this is one. Integrated scroll wheel push button. So we'll we have only one? And push button. So if we have all integrated i in the scroll wheel and push button, it's uh Something flat. S uncurved. Yeah, maybe not. Yeah. Mm. Nearly. Maybe don't bat no battery, only solar cells. I think there's a problem with the push push button. We only need maybe just one. Just one. Yeah. So yeah, you will have So one button, and s scroll wheel with push button on it. So So, yeah. It think we we've done good job, as the cost is twelve fifty e Yeah, but it's under or equal. It's not written. Sometimes it's under or equal. Twelve fifty. Yeah, I think. I think, yeah. But it would i be interesting for our marketing team, to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be Yeah but it will be technologically innova innovative, so. So it's easy to use and powerful, as the remote control a has only one button. Easy, powerful. So I don't think we need to redesign the p the product. Yeah. So Now So So did you enjoy your clay modelling? Yeah? Was it a nice way to create your remote control? And for the marketing guy? And new ideas about new products, maybe, wi which would be fashion and uh and yellow. Yes, just lemon. Squared? Ah, the lemon T_V_ with the pineapple remote control. Oh, that's interesting. You could f we could do a kind of fruit collection of electronics things. Electronic device. Maybe Yeah, maybe la next year it will be insects. Customable T_V_. Ah such yeah. You've already said mobile phones. Yeah, and following Mm. It's interesting, maybe we can create a a line of uh T_V_ with uh a a tr So I think the costs are within the budget. We're just at twelve fifty Euros. So do you think you can celebrate your creation? Oh, thanks a lot. Thank you, mister David Jordan. The thing now is to to sell it. It's maybe a little bit expensive. Maybe what you can do a test. Put it outside, and if bees come, it's really fruit. But don't put sugar in it, it's not working. Yeah, but the colour, I think the colour is more is most important, because I I don't think you have ever seen something like that before for a remote control. Yeah, but we decided to have something yellow and red, for the costs. So maybe we can just integrate it on th on one side, the double R_. So we have the logo, we have the colour, and we have the fashion in electronics, so we have the slogan too. Yeah th no, it's the it's the pineapple control remote control. It's a pineapple now, it has changed. It's a pineapple. Pineapple. With cherry on top. Will you buy one? Try to. Okay uh One thing I like is the shape, because you know it's not like the uh the remote controls you can put in your pocket, on uh in your jacket. I prefer the laser remote control. No. Oh. Maybe next if we decide to do something we'd can put light inside. Yeah. I think it it would be interesting to just to see if we can if people will buy this one, and maybe add some features to it after yeah. So Champagne, mister Baba. So Okay, I will close this. Mm. So I think we have finished the designing and the evaluation of our remote control and we have a nearly final product. Final prototype, right. So, thank you very much. Very productive.
'Kay. It's perfect. Where? It's here. Okay. Yeah. 'Kay. I have slides. Ah, that is three. Product prod Yep. Okay. Okay. So, this is our product or prototype. This is made by clay. Yeah. Uh the basic colour is uh yellow and red. Yellow is uh our company colour, uh red it's uh is more attractive. So we used two basic colour, yellow and red. And the shape, there's two basic shape. The first is a circle and the second is a triangle s piece. It's we call it a mushroom design. It's looks like some mushroom, so we call it mushroom design. So this is a introduction of our product. Next a mo Okay, yeah, so next slide. So there are several key features of our pr prototype. The first is that it is fuzzy. I'm sure this would be the unique design the market. Yeah, so it's a fuzzy design, and a unique design. Um, and uh the second key feature is that uh s circle channel um selection. In the traditional key uh traditional controller use button to to select the channel but now we have a s circle, so we can turn this ball to t to select channel. So it's quite convenient for user to use it. Yeah, s okay. Uh the third feature is a stable triangle base. Uh this sta uh this triangle base is very stable, so uh so it's it's um it's unlikely you cannot found it. So it's v Um, you can put it in the table so you can turn the the ball to cha to select the channel and there's some cute button. You c can can you can see the the shape of the buttons n is a mushroom, so Yeah, everything's mushroom. Mush Mushroom design, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, th that's why if you put it in the table, be careful, somebody will eat it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, no this our only two slides. Yeah. So we cut it to see. Okay. So where's the battery battery? Base. Here? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, the shape is unique, and the colour So it depend on how d do you define fancy. Uh so, my mush. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Uh, for turn turn the ball. If you want to turn the ball, it's very it's very convenient for you to to to turn the ball to change the channel. Uh. Ah, it's embedded, your microphone. Th this th th there's two two functions. This is microphone array Okay. 'Kay. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, this is microphone array, in fact. There four microphone. So they they they they there's a microphone array. Yeah, yeah. So you can capture voice yeah, you c Yeah, so you can capture s voice from different directions. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, it's very easy. You can use this in this way. Yeah. Th this is the base. So you can turn to change the channel. You just tu turn d d Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. I if y uh if it depend on the the angle you turn the I if if this is a channel one. So it c it could be channel two, channel three, channel four, channel five. So change. Yeah. Y uh fifth channel divided by the num by the by three hundred thirteen degree. So you got how many degree you you it No no, you don't have to y no it's uh when you when you stop t uh when you stop, the the turn, then the angle you stop is the angle you is the channel you It's it's very easy, because you kn you know how many channel are there in the Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can do it. I think so I think so you can do it. I think so, you can just change. There's uh also a number, you know. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And also you can, if you i You ca you can turn this. Or you ca you can you can also turn this. For this you can tune it's for tune. You you if you want to skip from channel one to channel two, you you skip this. If you want to from uh skip from channel one to channel ten you tune this. It's like fine, from coarse to fine. This is coarse, this is fine. So it's coarse to fine design. Yeah. Yeah is is this is, from one channel to maybe to ten channel. This is from one channel to Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, agree, agree. Uh w w what do y what uh you compare with traditional uh um tr traditional controller? I think it's easier than traditional controller. If you use traditional controller you have to put a button, but now you don't have to put button, you have you just turn the turn the ball. There's two kind of balls, the smaller the the the so you can c you can c you can control the scale. But in the traditional controller, how do how can you control the scale? Yeah, yeah, yeah, y you you can do it, but you can also do it in the b if you you do not wa if you do not want to browsing all the channel you can just p there's also a button here. Yeah, this function is just for your browsing, from one channel to th the next one, the next s sn s, the th the third one. Yeah, yeah. Y one to ten, ten to twelve, uh ten to t uh twenty. Ten to twenty and this one, t one two three four five six, like this. Uh there's different scale, so you can you can choose how much do you want to sc Mm-hmm. I i this is just a base. You can just Yeah. You use your y So th this is a d next generation controller. Yeah. Okay okay, okay. Four. Okay. Okay. Three? Trois. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The solar cell is too expensive. Mm. Yeah, we have four. Five. No. No no. No no no, it Okay. No. We have change the electronics to from from the the the sample sensor to regular chip. Oh. We have to delete the the sample sensor, I think. Yeah it's the one it's m maybe we ha we have two versions, the first version, the basic version. Advanced version we have speak. Plastic is free. Wait. We we can we can we c yellow. How about we change the sale? Ah we have one Okay. Okay. Agree. Cou could we have look Could we have look at the p the the prod the p the cost? Okay. So let's say Wha what yeah. Which part is the most expensive part? Yeah, I think it's not t t Cheaper. Okay. Yes. Of course. This is my job. Yeah, it's uh it's good, to to create a control instead of a computer. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, but y you know the traditional T_V_ it's um Yeah yeah it's flat, yeah the shape is very boring. Could we come up with new T_V_ with such as this kind of T_V_? So you can you have base, triangle base so you the T_V_ you can Yeah. Yeah. Because the T_V_ you also Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. And you can celebrate your leadership. Yeah. Yeah, it's your job. Sell it. Yeah. Okay and the twelve fifty twelve uh twelve Twenty five Euros, yeah. Twenty five Euros. No, it's not so expensive. Okay. Okay. Mm. So we have to give a So we have give him give it a cute name. Mush mushroom controller. Pa Pine apple. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Twenty five Euro. Okay. Yeah you told me you h you d you d you lost your control your T_V_ so so you need to buy one. Okay. Traditional one? Yeah. So this one and this one. What do you choose? What do you choose? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So buy one. Yeah. Prototype, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks.
No not really. Just Crap. Okay. 'Kay, so whe where is the remote control? Yep. What slides? Yeah. Yeah, because mushroom was not in the trends. I mean there was fruits yeah. Yeah. I don't think it is. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But anyway this is not a mushroom anyway, so it's fine. No, I mean, yeah yeah. Inspira inspiration is True. But we say uh we sa we said solar. Yeah. I mean, we gonna try to measure how good it is instead of just talking about uh we had three keys key points to uh for this remote control design, and first one was uh fancy look and feel. So w we'll try to judge this feature uh with a one to seven scale, one being uh no, I think. Uh just let me check. One one being true, and seven being false. Okay. Ouch. So Do we have a fancy look and feel, according to you? But is it Uh I'll agree it's unique, but is it really Yeah I mean, fancy was was defined by s fruit and vegetable look. Yeah. I dunno where the lemon is, but I mean it's not obvious. If I dunno, maybe improving the texture of like having it less smooth or Yeah. I dunno. Yeah, it's getting Okay. Yeah, that's Wait th that's the second point. First one is we have to judge the fancy look and feel. I mean No, the colour is okay, that's fine. I mean it's but I would say there is more too much red. Um if Right. So, from one to seven? No, seven is false and one is true. Three? Okay. Three. Then uh let me The other criterion is is it technologically uh technologically in innovative. Yeah bu but when you say technologically it's more uh I dunno, in the core, or single. Mm-hmm. No, that's good. Yeah. Yeah, th that's another really good point. Maybe okay. So using the same scale, two? Okay. Now maybe the most critical one. L last one w I would like to judge is is it easy to use? Yeah but this this turning can you can you just re explain me the Please. Yeah. Yeah but how how intuitive is it to turn things to change channels? Like if you want to go from Yeah but imagine you y Yeah I'm I'm no I'm not definitely convinced it's it's the best way to if you wanna jump from, I dunno, one to twenty? How can you go directly to twenty, for example? Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I agree. But I mean if you're fro from two? Yeah ju just imagine you have fifty fifty channels uh We're not talking Yeah. Yeah. How d how do you know this angle is th is the correct one? So you you count one degree, two degrees, no. I don't think so. Yeah voc vocal command is okay. But w we've said previously that maybe it's not going to be th l the main And this would be more for browsing, ah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I mean you're famous. You. Mm. Okay the uh th this looks better. Yeah. Yeah, but it has to be on to recognise fas Ah, that's not the ecological part, yeah. Solar. So, which number? So reasonably, is four, is one? So, three. Uh we wouldn't say, I mean, those are sort of agreed but this one would be more five to me. I'd like I mean this is the just a prototype. I'm not really convinced it's so easy to use, but I don't know. Yeah. So you have yeah. Uh by pushing zero after after the first one. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if you're changing your mind. Fine to coarse. Okay. But this this has to stay on the table, right? This has to stay on the table. Yeah but then uh when you turn turn it Just It's Yeah. You know tha that's the weak point, because with a traditional one you just have one hand. Sure. Yeah, you would never you would never lose this one, yeah. Yeah. Four. Uh it's even easier to maybe. Ok Mm. So, average? Three? Okay, so Yeah, especially on the easy to use target. Okay. Mm-hmm. No. So we are all already nineteen. Yeah. That's gonna be double curved, yeah. Rather four buttons. Oh no, interface. Yeah, yeah that's special colours, sure. Yeah tha that's wheel. Yeah. I think the price is okay. Um, no. Yeah w one of the m key point is solar cells. Yeah. No y i it did change, but just imagine we have Yeah. Yeah but this one one of the feature we were not really Yeah. Yeah, if Yeah. Yeah, that's one of the requirement. We could turn we could turn everything in either yellow or black. Black then is a regular colour, so. Yeah, one. Yeah. So push button then it's it's the next expensive one. Yeah, thi this might be. Close to. Okay, so what's the bottleneck? Double curved. Yeah, but flat Case, what's the ca And then one Euro left. Um. Um So we have one button, one wheel. It's good they're not charging anything for that. Yeah y actually it's wrong. We're not under twelve Euros and a half. Okay. Okay. Solar cells. Yeah. That's nice argument, but if it's it's still four our of twelve. Yeah. Yeah but we just have one button. Easy. I don't know about powerful. Yeah. Mm. Uh that's what we've just done. Yeah. Um okay. Well I think we have just have to discuss if I dunno. Uh tha that was good but we should have more brainstorming like meetings, maybe. 'Cause we just presenting one is presenting his stuff next one his stuff and then we try to combine afterwards, so it um. Yeah, but just don't trust too much the trends. 'Cause fruit and vegetables it won't last for ten years uh. Maybe two years it's dead. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but this is good because it's not a long long life product. T_V_ is more like fifteen years, maybe, so. If you have a lemon lemon T_V_ for fifteen years Yeah, yeah. Tha that would that would make it. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. It's party party remote control. Yeah. Uh-huh. Twenty five Euros. Yeah, I think it's It's cheap, yeah. No, I I'm not so happy about the fruit shape, you know. Yeah. No, the colours are uh it's perfect, yeah. True. Uh yeah, another thing is the logo is missing still. Uh Still that was one of the requirements we had. It's yeah but it I don't think it's such a problem just putting the logo somewhere. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Cute na You cannot say mushroom because it's not the trend. It's not the trend. Yeah, but just flying saucer, or I would say flying saucer. It's more appropriate, somehow. Mm. Mm. Yeah but that's going to be expensive, you know. We had some problems going to twelve Euros and uh I dunno. Yeah, afterwards, if if it's a new trend. Okay. We should celebrate. Mm. Yeah. Our final prototype which yeah.
Mm-hmm. So, ready? Sorry, I I um I'm afraid Uh thi this remote control will stay a prototype. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Effectively one slide and maybe we can discuss everything. Okay. Yeah. Uh Yeah, yeah I'm sure. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah but it's not like really mushroom because you have uh you know uh like lemon shape, you know, centre is yellow and t d To integrate, you know yeah. I don't think I hope nobody will eat it. You know, to integrate the fruit aspect, you know the the in Really? But Fruit and vegetable, so mushroom was a kind of you know uh Mushroom? Oh, uh I'm not sure. We can it's a veg a kind of vegetable, but you know we we integrated them with different colour. I I think we take into account what you said about fruit and vegetable you know. This, you know, very enlighted colours, you know. And inspired colour and and very sophisticated material, so. And so So what we w what I can add is that, you know he talk about what is outside, so what is inside is what we dis what we talked before about, you know, the chip, it is a low level chip, and You know, we don't need to k. You know wi the low level chips inside and you know the L_C_D_ button and the i The battery it is under. It is in th in in the base, yeah. In fact this this this this is a kind of you know revolutionary solar receptor that we can put outside and I don't think so, but it it's might be okay, so. I it might be okay. So Yeah. So, four point three point five, it means it's acceptable. Oops. I think you have nice colours. I don't The sha the bowl shape people like. Is it really fancy? But it's you have the lemon aspect of this th this this thing. Do Don't do that, please. I it's it's i this shape is a lemon like, so Yeah. Because i Less button. Yeah, but you don't have any button now. That's uh yeah, is that that's a good idea. So that's great. That's great. I have no idea, so. I have no idea what If it is fancy or not. So we can we can say t The colour, is the colour acceptable? So the shape now. It's too much red? In the basement? I will give I will I'll gi I'll give two or three. Three, it's okay. Three, three. Three is fine for me. What other Is it easy to use? Ye uh Embedded. It's a micro array, okay. Oh yeah, yeah. And I think you you've never seen a rou a round remote control, so it is I W Yeah, but I see, you have microphone array embedded. You have That's good. And you have, you know this ki this solar receptor that, you know Yes. Yeah. I think technically it's acceptable, so Yeah. Two, yeah, two. It's it's fine, so. Most Eh, for th the vocal command yes, it's might be easy. But it's just speaking. You just need the command. As a principle. I think maybe if you he If you hear some click Yeah, it would Oh yeah, that's difficult. That's dif that's difficult. Yeah but y how you need to know I I think something that Yeah. And you you can I think you can if you have a scale, so Yeah, it's a bit difficult. I think b but the the vocal command is easy too. You can say fifty and fifty it's okay, so Uh, yeah, and y that's yeah. Yeah. To see uh yeah uh Yeah. And but I'd It is a turn off t turn off button, maybe. Yeah, yeah yeah. That's that's very technologic, so. Yeah. S But I di I didn't see where the t f the turn off t turn on turn off button so much activates maybe one of the Uh it's k on off, yeah. Yeah, sleeping. To compensate. Yeah. Easy to use, it's very relative but three it's fine, I think, it's reasonable three. Three f three for me, it's o it's okay. Four or three. Maybe you can vote to see how many everybody gives and no and just take the mean. Will you give four? Five? Yeah, so maybe if Yeah but y you know You just push two button, zero and and one. And that's Are there some buttons? Okay. In fact on a flat place You can Oh ye yes, that's right. Oh my God. yeah maybe, maybe may it's the next prototype, maybe we cou Four. Maybe four, it's okay. I'll put four. Yeah, four it's more reasonable. You can you can erase with this er yeah. Yeah, four it's more reasonable, so. So it's nine, nine over three. Oh yeah, it's. It need maybe some wo further work, but it's Yeah, uh s yeah. Might it might be fine. Yeah, b I think Yeah, yeah. That's the finance. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, we have battery. No, um solar cells, yeah. Uh I think in each ball you have three three uh yeah, three, yeah. Three three solar cells. S s simple, simple, yeah. Yeah. Mm. One maybe, yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Is it Is sh it Wooden. Is Yes a wooden pl I and that's There's no wood, so plastic just only, I think. Double curve, yeah, double curve. One, you have. But it's yeah, a a rubber uh Yeah, yeah. Y y yeah, yeah. Five? I think that this will be like a scroll wheel, actually. Y you tu you turn you turn it, so Yeah, true. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah, yeah. Scr L_C_ display, maybe. Interface. It's okay. fine. Yeah, it was stage one, so. So I think you can transform the wood into plastic, maybe. Because uh it seems that this can be yeah, wood into plastic and it it should be fine. Yeah, red and yellow. Fancy. One. I can remove maybe f you have five with push buttons, so we can just, I dunno, try to modify some of them to have yeah. Double curve. We can transform the double curve into single c yeah. F some Single curve. Single curve should be fine, so. Oh, what It's it's a bad idea, so. Two? One. That's fine. That's fine. One s one scroll wheel, so And the vocal chord, it's fine. It I th it's fine. It's fine. It's under or equal. It's fine, so It's fine, twelve fifty uh The solar cells, r is i is it? Yeah, to be able to si to sell it. Yeah, with mi It's it is really really uh really very very expensive, though. Maybe if uh okay. Yeah, yeah. It's easy to use. It's very easy to use. No. We've done it with it is under the if it was low, high or so. So So what are we going to do with this project evaluation? Okay, okay, it's fine. Yeah, I think I find it really funny and amazing and interesting to go through all the process to from the beginning to the end. And designing, looking at the chips, the solar cells and uh and it was very informative for. Yep. Okay, okay. Yellow. I think you can think about a yellow T_V_ now after a fruit T_V_ or I dunno. It can be an interesting I don't know Yeah, just a lemon T_V_ it'd be yellow lemon. It's flat, uh Yeah, that's right. It's really boring, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's that would be really interesting, actually. Device devi The fruit? Yeah. Yeah, it's But I think it's good to follow the f flow and you know make it now and after, you know, if the people change their mind you change also the product. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's a yeah, yeah. We can think about T_V_ with you know where you can change you know the aspects o like for the cell phones, you know. Yeah, you customise it every ti so every ti if people change, you just change the appearance, and y y you can keep Yeah, you can keep the global appearan The mood of persons, the fashions uh We int Yeah, T_V_, yeah. A T_V_ for autumn and a T_V_ for winter, you know, so it's So what i and do w is it Okay. Yeah, the pr at Yeah but I think f it's really a celebrating object. So it's yellow and very a very ha it's very happy, so. Uh it's it's a pr it's like yeah. Yeah, right, go and sell it. Goo and good luck, so It should be fine. Wh really? It should be it should be fine, you know, actually. S I I think I like the the colour a the colour are very good, so actually so It's perfect, and I p is th y the the yellow ball thing that Uh f like y we can we can put some uh double R_ Okay yeah, yeah. That's actually good idea, so It's not a mushroom. It's a pineapple remote controls. Yeah, pineapple remote remote control. Oh, that Oh unid uh unidentified remote control, so That's that's pineapple remote control. I think it's fine. Yeah. Yeah I will try I'll try. I can hel I will try versions so to see how easy easy to manage Yeah I always lose my Yeah, so so i if it is a universal one I can use it with my T_V_, so it would be I think I would choose this one because of the colour. It's it's will enlight your house, your home and your T_V_, so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah that would be uh an idea.. Yeah that's that fine. So we can celebrate now. That's our new product. Yes. It's it's fine. It's I like it. Next time. Well, I'll buy one here. Yeah. No? Okay. Okay. Final prototype, yeah, ye yeah. Okay. Okay. S so who is going to take the remote control?
