'Kay, hello everybody. Uh, I guess you all know what is it about, you all received the email, I guess. Uh, we are actually doing this meeting to start a new project which is about designing a remote control. So I'm going to be the project manager of this uh project. And uh so I'm present myself. I'm Fabien Cardinaux and uh I I guess you can present yourself. So I dunno, you can starts. Okay. And you are? In the project? So, uh, so today we are doing a short meeting to present the project, so um We are gooding we are going to present the tool we are we are going to use during all this project. We are talking about the project plan, and we are going to to discuss about st our first ideas and so on, and, yeah. So we have around twenty five minutes to do this meeting. Um. So what is the goal of this project? Is to design a new remote control. So it should be, of course, new and original, and um it should be trendy, and user friendly. That mean it's a very challenging project, and uh uh. So w it's we will try to do our best, and hopefully come with something very new and that people want to buy. So, um So what's uh what are we going to do during this all this project? So it's more like we are going to do inv individual work all in o in o our specialities and we are going to meet each other quite often to discuss and to find a good way. Um. Yeah and everything is will be like this. Um so now we are going to to get used t to to the tools we are going to use all during all this project. So we can try to use uh the whiteboard here. So uh. For example we can try to write what is our our favourite animal and write the f our favourite characteristics about it. Mm. Uh. So uh So I will ask you all to do the same. Just to get used to the whiteboard. Yeah, yeah, you can draw the picture, of course. Oh. Never mind. Yeah., no worry. You can draw it, if you want. Good. So good um So, let's talk about money. Uh we are going to to sell we want to sell uh this remote control for twenty five Euro Euro. And uh our expected profit will be around fifty million Euro. And uh we are trying to to have a market all around the world. So n not only for Switzerland, but for the world. Uh. So, um. The We expect a production cost of maximum uh twelve point fifty Euro. Yeah, of course. Um, so we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do what are our experiments with remote control, and any idea? So, if you have some experience, good or bad, with remote controls you can share it and say what you f what is your idea. Anything. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Are you not afraid that if you take your remote control you can move the slide and it could the the volume can go up very quickly and it can Yeah, also if y when you take the the remote control, for example on the table, you take it and you push the button and everything is very loud, and you have a heart attack. Okay. Yeah so you can Do you have something? Yeah, that's true. Yeah without obstacles and. Okay. Let's continue. I have a meeting in five minutes, so maybe we should hurry. Um. So we will close uh this meeting. So we will have a next meeting in uh thirty minutes. Um. Uh. The So I will ask you to do some work. Uh the the interface interface developer will work on the on the design of the remote control, start to to have new idea and read about Yeah. Oh. Industry and Oh. Yeah. So, um For the User Interface Designer, which is Hamed um, uh, you are going to work on the technical functions of the remote control. And for the Marketing uh Manager, I dunno, okay, which is Bob, uh you are going to try to to find the user requirements f uh for the remote control. Um, you will receive by email uh the specific instructions and uh by your personal coach. Yep finished. So I see you in thirty minutes. Thank you.
My name is Hamed Getabdar, and uh I'm going to be Interface Designer in this project. I dunno if I should go with this. If it is enough line. I'm sorry. Okay. They should be remote. Okay, thanks. No. Okay. Should I clean? Okay, I think like horses uh because they are strong and beautiful, so if I want to write it here, I think I can. Oh. Okay. I dunno if I can. Okay. It may be like a cow or I dunno, whatever. I'm not good very good in drawing. Okay, so this is very It's a bird, I think. I dunno what is it. Four. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I'm shameful Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh I Yeah, just a simple experience. I uh I prefer um remote control working with radio waves, because remote control working with infra-red rays you should you should you should keep it in a specific direction and then try it hard to tune. Mm. Yeah. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay, thanks. Bye.
Uh my name's Bob Mor. Oh, sorry. 'Kay. So my name's Bob Morris. I'm the Marketing Expert for this project. Bob yeah. Yeah go ahead. Okay, okay. So I think my favourite animal would be a c a cat. That's its head. Um I probably like cats the most because they're cuddly and furry and uh playful. Okay. Thanks. Maybe put it up Put it a Maybe put it on the desk or something. Uh, that's better. Your lapel microphone's fallen off. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we should just continue. Yeah, don't worry about it. No. Oh that's good, it's good. Yeah, and strong. Well, from experience, um I've had remote controls in the past that have had very they've had lots and lots of buttons and they've been very small, and it's been very hard to to to use, because there's so many buttons, and you know it's very hard to see which buttons do what, and the buttons are very small and very hard to press. Um and and normally you only every use, you know, on a T_V_ remote you only ever use, mostly, you know, f four or f six buttons. Um. So it's frustrated me in the past, th that. Ah, okay. Okay. Okay, n Is that because the of the discrete volume levels, or is that Yeah. Yeah. Okay. He's the Industrial Designer? No, you're the Industrial Designer. Yeah, I think that's the first. I_D_. Industrial Designer. And the second one is the User Interface Designer. And then last one's marketing, which is me. Great, okay. Thanks guys. Bye.
Now what. Okay, so my name is Petre. You can call me Petre, or Peter if you like. I don't care. Uh, in the project I'm supposed to be the technic. Bob, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So probably I would try to try to draw the animal. Well sh should I draw the picture of the animal? I I th I think I should. Okay, so. Um. Okay, American, um. Um. I would use the bird. So I tried to sketch it out. I had to first uh write it down because I am not absolutely sure if I can draw it, but ah. Can you recognise it as a bird? Okay it's your turn to Oh it's okay. Yeah. I should get used to the tool, so. Oh just wait a little bit. C could we put it here, to make it as straight as possible? Ah probably not. Okay, it it works like this. Are you left-handed? Oh, pity. Ah, it's maybe better if you leave it. You won't draw them, or? Just try. I would like to see how it looks like. No, I think it's clear. It's okay. It's in it's indeed beautiful. Okay. Bob. Have to remember it. Bob. Per unit, I guess. Y oh okay. Okay. Oh. Okay, I have also some points uh. Maybe two points. Uh first would be that in current remote controls there is no back light, so if you are if you are uh playing with this in the dark room it's it's probably worth to to have something like uh back light. And maybe it could be also dependant on the the amount of of light in the room, so that if if it's in the day it doesn't need to be back lighted because it works on the battery, so. So something like this. And the second thing, f second point from me would be that in a normal remote control there is uh there are two buttons for volume control. But I prefer like a potential-meter or something like. You know, some slider or Not just two discrete buttons for volume, but something which Yeah, but I can reach In uh one second I can mute it down, or or make a high volume. Ah, n. If it drops to the floor then it starts to scream. Yeah, f It depends what what you feel about that. Yeah but we can we can think of these things afterwards, but if you have some more notes on that. Okay. Um. Okay, just a second. Which i which is Hamed,? Okay. Uh I am the Technical Designer, I dunno which one, uh v. User Interf Okay. Okay, so I'm the first one. I see. Sign. Okay. Uh.
