What this button for? Okay. But if you want to go to page seven hundred? How man I don't understand it. Can you repeat it? Yeah. Ah okay okay. Okay. Okay okay. Okay. I see. I see. Okay. Okay. Is it really weight? Is it light or Okay. Okay. Ok Okay. Yeah yeah yeah, I see. I under I understand. How long the how long the bit the batteries long. I l yeah. I like I like it. Maybe the the thing that convince me the less is the the multifunctional buttons. Looks a bit Looks a bit puzzled uh I dunno how to say that. You the the b the buttons change h h their function depending if y it's teletext or not And the volume button will will become And what about people who want to use digits? Butto real buttons? Okay. Because have you thought about configuration and all this kind of uh stuff? It's all automatic. Okay. Okay yeah it's fine. W we are living in a wonderful world. Automatically configure. Yeah. S Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I I const I constructed a a list of criteria based on the on the general user requirements. And each criteria is will be evaluated it's uh logical criteria so we must users must say i if it's true or is or if it's false in a in a scale ranging from zero to seven. Because i I'm sorry. Sorry. Ah yeah. It's from sorry, it's from one to seven. It's from from one to seven sorry. Because it should be an even it should be an even uh scale, and five is too short and nine is too long. I'm a I I'm Sorry? Yeah yeah. The variance is mi it's is minimal. I'm um answering your question. Okay. And that's the criteria I I found more useful. I think I sh I I could write the criteria in the on the whiteboard? And we all four could range could evaluate the Okay let's let's evaluate if it's fancy or Seven but I would say seven. It's quite fancy. Six. Six. I would say Everything ar Mm everything It's compared to the all remote controls. Actually I don't know what are the r the real specification of a of a universal remote contro Ah it's not an univer but it's for all kind of T_V_s? Yeah. Four. Four. So four? It means cool features, like new features actually. I would say five. You said seven? Five. Sorry, I have them Of cour Of course the most difficult question for the end. I find it quite cheap actually. I dunno. If i i it depends, if you live in in Switzerland or you live in I don't know. Wha the initial specifications were for the whole all Europe or Yeah this is the the initial specifications. I would say six. It's quite cheap actually. Actually maybe Yeah I change the question. So yeah upload the Yeah it's two different situations. If you really need an universal remote control or if you would change your remote control for a n for a new one. So? What now? What range? Six. Six? Six? Six, so it's uh five point five, or less. Actually yeah, I we Five? You are romantic, really. I would say two. Who is the outlier? Wh wh you said five? I don't know if it's a No because there are more yeah, we shouldn't sum like that. Because the the last two questions is much more important than the rest actually. Otherwise we wouldn't we will not sell. Uh no I didn't anything. Yeah, the uh Yeah. Do you want me to sum o I think it's not S Actually what's the differen Too expensive. Actually whe whe when you wrote regular chip you should put two, because there is another chip here. Yeah but you need Fo i it does nothing actually? Okay so now we have a product which nobody would would buy. Would yeah, would buy. Yeah because th th the evaluation project Ah would buy, yeah. Massively, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh you have been in Milan a couple of times, so. And you said the lowest. Yeah, for the batteries Mm-hmm. So more general remote control instead of just focusing on uh on T_V_. The complexity shouldn't be much higher. For you said if it good for D_V_D_ then I would Bye.
Okay so we can go to the slides. Yeah. Number three. Oh number two sorry. So final design. Final design. Okay so Michael you can go ahead. You can pull it out first, maybe. Uh And we we do have one more functionality. If you take the banana as such and uh you press the turbo button, so it switch ons the switch ons the T_V_. The turbo button. Additional button. That's right, that's right. So then then both the scroll buttons they are for teletext browsing. And you can tele yeah, once you press the teletext button then the scroll buttons they are more for teletext, they are no more for channel or vol volume. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it always means, whatever the rays goes by they they get reflected and then you are having a better coverage. It's like antennas. And for the power source we are having solar cells and rechargeable batteries and this and uh the basis station is going to have the input from the mm power line for for charging the batteries. It is very light. Yeah. And we have put these different colours so that people don't mistake them mistake it as a banana. Otherwise it's you know a child comes and so Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh we didn't think of that yet. Yeah. Oh yeah that's right. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. It'll It'll be always at top somewhere at there. Yeah because now we are having rechargeable batteries so that that is. Eight to ten eight to ten hours. N most no most of the time it's not being used. So when when you are making it on Mm. Mm-hmm. No eight or eight or ten hours of working. If you are just leaving like that it'll be much longer. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. And we are having the speakers regular chip for control. Pricing is was a factor so that's why we have gone for a regular chip only not the advanced chip. And uh that's it. That's right. You want to have more functional buttons? You are not convinced. Not not many, we we want to keep it simple. So that this button fo is for teletext which is usually also the case, that usually there is a teletext button and once you press that, the channel buttons, they baco become the scrolling buttons. It's up to you, means. Now that Means let's say this this can move the the larger digits and this can move the smaller digits. That's right. Yeah. So there was there was a constraint that the surface area which we have on this banana on one side because of the shape. So we are targeting a segment which is which is just very trendy kind of thing, they they don't care about the buttons any more. And anyway Evalua yeah. Why this strange factor of seven? Usually I have seen that scales are from one to ten. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay fine, got the idea. Okay. Okay, okay, great. Okay. Yeah yeah. Go ahead. Mm-hmm. Sure. Okay. Yeah yeah. Yeah. So you can say fancy, handy. Handy. Yeah, it's fancy, according to me. Seven. Seven by me. Okay. So you can add seven plus six plus seven plus Five. Again I'll give seven. Yep. Seven for me. I'll give five. That's right. That's right. The standards. What is available in the market off the shelf. We Five. So four point two? four. There I'll give it seven. That's right. For a T_V_ the most important feature which I felt was the locator which is a cool feature. And then the scroll buttons are again cool features. We don't have L_C_D_ for it but that we decided we don't want to have. Mm-hmm. Seven. Okay. Definitely seven. Okay. I'll say five. I'll say five. Why? No but it's really handy actually if you see. It's it's so handy. And then Anyb anybody who comes here anybody who comes to your home he'll at least ask once what is this. It's a very positive thing if you see like that. Youngsters. You want to flaunt. You with your girlfriend or something. Or might be it does some other kind of thing but Uh yeah, crazy. I say five. And you have saved it? You'll have to reload. They're not going to be as And they they might not be a as easy as this yeah. Yeah. S I go slightly up. Six. Six, five, four. Okay. I'll still give it five. Yeah. So it's somewhere three point five I think. No I said five. Mm-hmm. Oops. Yeah it's it's funny. Yeah, sure. Mm-hmm. Solar cells, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, we said no to that. I think rechargeable batteries will take care of the power thing. Yeah. To bring the cost Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we have the regular chip on the print, which is one. And that's it. And we have sample speaker. Yeah. Yeah. the cost of that is very high. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And we have sev Yeah. So we we'll put some extras, if there is something. Okay. To reduce the cost, it's okay. Oh it's got all the directions so don't worry. It's got a direction. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's right. We don't have any push buttons. No that is a scroll wheel itself, it'll be put in that. Ah okay, okay. Okay, okay. Yeah. No. There's no chip there. It just emits the signal. And the receiver accepts it and that's it. Just se sends the signal, that's it. Yep. No. Yeah. So first thing which we should take care of is, instead of rubber, let it be plastic. And uh that much money will be required for the base station, which is not there. Yeah. That's right. So might be ninety centimes for the the remaining things which the cord and everything which'll go That's right. Yeah. S Detachable battery. They like that. Mm-hmm. Biased. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The cost of the thing can be made more than might be. Because I think it's just the optimal, what we have done for the cost which we are looking forward to. Interface. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's right. Yeah. Integrate. Mm-hmm. So What else? Okay. Home? Happily satisfied. Mm-hmm. Thank you.
Yeah so uh following our decision to uh make a yellow well to make a banana remote okay so we actually have a We've well first first of all we made a an attractive base station uh with a banana leaf uh look and feel um and uh bana sit the banana sits in there k you know nicely weighted so that it's not gonna tip over and um this is the remote itself, it's kind of it's it's ergonomic, it fits in the hand uh rather well. We've got the two uh uh scroll wheels here which you know one on the the left for the uh volume and the one on the right for for the channel and uh underneath we have the uh the turbo button which is in like a nice uh trigger position for you know for pressing quite naturally. This is when you when you uh are scrolling the uh through the channels you can tell it to to skip th past channels that you quickly rather th Yeah. Well when you stop scrolling the wheel it stops. But normally with uh it will just uh s stay on each station briefly so you can see the the picture. The T_V_ yeah. The s the turbo button. So rather than having uh an extra button for um for the on off switch you just use the turbo button. This is a teletext button. So once you press that then you get teletext and you can use the the channel selector scroll wheel as uh To navigate yeah. Yeah. Well then you can you you have like a little uh number selection thing, you press the the the teletext button uh to move between uh the fields and then you can just scroll the number back and forth so you have s you go you scroll to seven and then zero zero and then you can uh Well you can you can press press the teletext button and then you then you can you can f Mm uh And this is the uh the infrared uh port. Also the top of the banana. So. And then we have in the uh in the base station we have the the button at the front for uh for calling the uh the banana. Actually they do. That's that's yeah that's uh that's form and function in the one in the one uh object. Yeah. So. But yeah that's um that's just like that's an attractive um base station. So. Okay. It's it's uh it's about the weight of a banana. You know, to give you the correct look and feel. I think a child would try to eat it anyway, so maybe we should consider that. maybe health and safety aspects. Yeah. I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station. If I was gonna place them I'd put them on the on the top here since that's like uh the black bit but yeah I don't I really don't think it's necessary to have the solar cells anymore. Mm. The what sorry? What do you mean? Ah. Ah. A long time. No no no, it can it should be weeks. Yeah but y people don't like to put it back in the base station all the time people leave wanna leave it on the couch so Ah, okay. Okay. Yeah. It seems to be falling over. Or can move between positions in the in the number. It's all automatic. Yep. Uh. Yeah uh five. Five, maybe maybe maybe six it's it's I guess it's yeah. I'd give it a six like I'd I think it's probably more handy than my current remote, 'cause of the scroll wheels but maybe loses the point for not having you know the extra buttons when you reall if you do need them for some reason but you know you can always use your other remote. Yeah. Well it depends when you say functional, do you mean it does what we want it to do, or d does what it does, you know, can it make you coffee? You know. Yeah. Yeah. That's before Yeah. I have to say four. Well it's not a universal remote. Remember we're focus we're supposed to focus just on T_V_s. Well all T_V_s but only T_ only T_V_s I guess. Four. Just four. Obviously there are some outliers so Which I'll say five. Yeah. S yeah. 'Cause it's five five seven seven so Uh, okay, definitely easy to use. Seven. Alright, now here's the sixty million Dollar question, well, twenty five twenty five Euro question. What do you what do you guys reckon? Hmm. Uh Yeah. Yeah. I'd say two. I don't want a banana on my living room table, a banana remote. It is handy, it's handy, but it it's terrible. Yeah. Yeah, but it's not a positive thing. Well, you know, it's it's handy, it's ergonomic, but it's a banana. Yeah but it says I, I would buy this, so. No, it's I. I would buy S s Still I I'd say two. I don't think I at any stage in my life I would want a banana remote control, really. I can say, maybe there is a market for it, I dunno. Yeah. Okay, so, it depends if uh If I had t if I had to spend twenty five Euro, if that was like my limit, maybe I would buy it. Because the other twenty five Euro remote controls are probably gonna look worse than a banana. And it yeah this is gonna f you know handy to use. Although it still has it still has the word of course at the beginning so I dunno. Um. I'd give it I'd give it a I give it a four now. Yeah. I'd say three, I mean my remote control is kinda at home is pretty terrible. If it was change my remote control of my D_V_D_ player for a Mando banana then I would be more inclined to but uh 'cause it's really bad but uh I'd say a three. It's not very promising but you know we're not young trendsetters. Is there some some formula you're using that says you have to sum them up? Well just leave it at that then. No. I think it it kind of you just lose information if you sum it, so. Well we decided against the solar cells so You mean, charging it by shaking the banana. Well maybe dynamo is like you have to actually Yeah. Well actually that that no that sample speaker is not we we're not using that, we're just using the the very beep simple beep, that s that sample thing is like the voice recording and everything. So Yeah. I say that Yeah. Mm. Well, wait a second, no, it's it's double curved, it's got a c, it's uh Well d yeah it's monotonic but it's got but if you hold it if you hold it that way that's two curved, one on this side, one on that side, but they're opposite sides. This is actually I mean this probably this probably actually costs more than three if you Yeah. Well no didn't we say we wanted to do a rubber if you drop it? Well when okay. Well we we'll come back we'll come back and see if we can fit it in. Yeah. No, we have two push buttons. Huh. Uh. Okay it's gonna have to be plastic. It's a recharger thing and uh Well I actually did um think about it myself but I thought you know because you could potentially you know you could be pushing it down as you scroll it for a instead of a turbo button but you know the turbo button does add that extra class. You know. So I mean if we're if we're over budget then maybe we could we could rethink that. Yeah. No we're not we don't need anything special for the buttons. Make it plastic instead of rubber. And then we're basically o on budget except for you know ten cents. Yeah. Yeah well pl the base station is made out of m many units of plastic. Does that include charging circuitry and everything? So what do we do with the extra profits? Okay. The next fruit. No we have a product which none of us would buy. No it's people in in in Milan and uh in Paris that are gonna buy it. We're n yeah. We're not in Milan or Paris. Actually there were a lot of That's 'cause I'm sick of Milan. Okay so um project process. Yeah. I dunno I think we had a fair bit of creativity. And uh but I think one thing we m missed out of this whole process was a um like a focus group with the actual people we're targeting. We needed some of these kind of young trendsetters to come in and play with the banana and you know see if they see if they like it. Because yeah the evaluation for us is is kind of pointless. Yeah. Because it it would also be interesting to uh you to know find out if we have a market in really young children as well, to see you know how to how to market this thing. 'Cause you know if well I mean maybe you don't wanna give all your kids their own remote because they'll be changing the channel all the time but you know maybe in some households where there is you know a T_V_ for each kid, then you know, banana remote control could be fun for them as well. Might have to draw a face on it. So but I think that's something we need to to work on next time is really finding out more about the target market. Yeah. I think there are ways we could maybe simplify the Well just the the the circuit board that we're using inside, I'm not sure really how complicated our um our needs are. I mean all we have is two push buttons and two scrollers, do we really need an integrated circuit to you know to process that. And also fo you know for mood lighting and and stuff, that would be rather cool. I think that's actually something that should be in version two, is the ability to you know to control things other than the T_V_ and not just electronic equipment but you know the whole environment of the room. Yep. Okay. Thank you.
Okay. Good afternoon again. So we should have our final meeting about the detail designed of detail design of the product of the remote control. Um So here is the agenda for today. Uh uh just going to go quickly through the minutes of the last last uh meeting then we have a p presentation of prototype of you two, sounds interesting. And we'll have um presentation of evaluation crit criteria by ou our Marketing Experts. Then we'll have to go through finance evaluation of the of the cost of the thing and um hopefully uh we should fit the target o tw of twelve point five uh uh Euro. Okay. So let's go. Uh if I go quickly through the minutes of the last meeting. So we went through th uh w we took this following decisions. No L_C_D_, no speech recognition technology, okay, we went through a b to a banana look and feel for the remote control. We went through the use of wheels and but buttons. And also the use of a basis station for battery ch charging and uh also to um call the to call the mot mote remote control when it is lost. Okay. Um. Good. So guys let this uh wonderful thing. Oh yeah. Sorry. Um. Which is Yeah can you show it to the the camera maybe. Mm-hmm. What's the use uh of the t turbo button already? Ah yeah yeah an then you stop when you stop it stops. Uh-huh. Which one? Okay. To navigate it through th through teletext. with the wheel it's easy. Excellent. Calling. Excellent. And the the leaves plays the roles of of antennas? Oh. Great. So, what else? Yeah, they're light. Ah yeah. So for the power source, apparently you still you you want to use both solar cells and batteries. Uh you mean okay. So Yeah, where are going to where are you are you going to place them? You have enough surface? You Okay. What will be the autonomy? Roughly? The autonomy. Autonomy. Uh I mean how long does i how how how long can it be held off a station? Yeah. A long Yeah, so it's It's used only when you Yeah. F weeks. Right. Next slide? Okay. Okay. Those really sounds very good. Nothing else to add? Yeah. Well in fact b both will be could be useful, navigating through teletext. Yeah. Wow. Very good uh yeah you th yeah. Bananas everywhere. Okay, so So we have to go through now evaluations. So your slides are ready? Uh you're four I think. So this is one, which one is this one? Num number So to have in order to have enough granularity it's in order to have enough granularity in the evaluation. Okay. Okay. Yeah, six. S seven. Six. No, wait. What do you say seven? Five? Okay, six point five. Handy? Seven. So seven, seven, six, six point five. Functional. Four. Uh for a remote control, does he have all the you could expect. Yeah. So it's universal but for T_V_s. So s uh four? Five? Four. Four. Okay cool? Cool device. Yeah. Seven. Six. Plus six, I say I said seven. So it's six. Yeah. Seven. Seven. And you? Outl you are not lik outlier. Seven Okay okay okay okay. Of course I'll buy the banana. Well Twenty five Euros. Cheap. Yeah, so the target price is for all Europe, or only for rich countries? It's more targeting U_K_ or So this is selling costs, not production costs. Yeah yeah sure. Um Five. Aw, should be nice in your It's kitsch. Well, don't forget well, don't for don't forget who we're targeting also who are f f who are wh yeah, youngst youngst No well yeah I if you would be young. Not telling that you are young. Li li like a teenager for instance. Okay you're you're crazy teenager and you like fun things. Yeah. Yeah, you want to show the beautiful banana you have. Okay so you s you give oh yeah yeah I know I know. So you say two. F I d I say five. You say? So what's the new question? Uh yeah, I think so. Yeah that's two different question. Ugly. I stick to five. W we have six, five Three So we are six, five, four Yeah. So So and last question, will I change my rem change my remote control from Mando banana. Um, zero. No uh we can't. So one. Well if. No uh let's say I'll put two. It's for the T_V_. Two three five two three fi and two. So it's r Yeah, three point five. No no you say five, he is the outlier. Okay just just do a sum. Well maybe we should we should uh have a look globally glob Yeah. So maybe maybe w we can we should stick to general feeling. We can had uh have a out of these numbers, which which is that well we should go for it. Problem with connectors? Okay. So let's move uh let's move on. Okay, now now we have to mm to estimate uh the cost okay. So I prepare an Excel sh uh an Excel sheet. Um well we are going to calculate the production costs. We should we should be below twelve point five. So I already uh put some pu some numbers here, okay. We are going to go through so this is the number the mm number of components we need for this thing. So it appears that there were things that we didn't thought about. Uh and also things that I uh I d I forget to uh to put like solar cells. Oh yeah finally we say no. Okay so let's let's go let's go let go through all the lines. So hand dynamo. This something we didn't thought about. But Yeah. Yeah. Okay so we we stick to battery, one. No kinetic also. I don't I don't see the difference between kinetic and dynamo. Ah you have to ah okay I see so kinetic is really uh shaking the banana. Crazy. Okay. So those banana is falling. Let's go ahead. So we we st only have one for battery. Uh then for electronics um so I didn't put anything for the. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No so we hin Yeah so one. Ooh ye ye ye the cost is increasing. So we are The beep. That's what Okay so I'll remove it. S So don't we need a Oh there is no listing for r radio frequency thing. So Yeah maybe. We'll see later. Okay so in for the case um I put single curved. Because we have two things. No. Well. What a what i if I put one here. Yeah so let's put one here in the then instead of single oka all right. So we stick to plastic, it cost nothing. No, it's too no. It's too expensive. We're already at eleven. Okay so I put rubber one. Okay so special colour, yellow. Uh for the interface we have We have three. No no. We have two scroll, and we have three push buttons. And No it's no chip. This is just radio frequency. Th This is no chip. It's just Yeah. No. Just only. Okay w we didn't think a thought about uh integrated scroll wheel push buttons. Yeah, so Yeah. Okay. So no L_C_D_, so for we have no button supplements, right? Uh well in fact could we could not we consider this button as a button supplement because oh no, these are these are for colours, co and special forms, special colours and special materials. So Okay so we are over budget. Yeah. Yeah. So mayb in fact n we have to put two here because it cost nothing. Exactly exactly so we have margin for that stuff. Yeah maybe. Okay good. Wha Excellent. Um we'll invest in R_ and D_. Yeah. So well we're under the the the cost. So we can go to through to project evaluation. Sorry? Which is different. Which is different. None of us will buy it. This is a battery. This is what we which you can mm It did yeah. Extra battery, yeah. Exac Well in fact I I did not know I didn't know really what to say here. If uh if you have any ideas of what we can we can say. So I don't I don't I don't understand what what they mean by satisfaction um and for and for example. Should it be more like um like a status of of the these meetings in fact. Yeah well in fact uh we we use a little bit the white board and the digital pen, not that much. Oh yeah it's really creative. Yeah. Yeah maybe we should go through, yeah an uh evaluation. So maybe you should we should do a kinda evaluation in the streets like asking to young peoples well, do you like to have a banana as a remote control. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Any any new ideas we could uh we could investigate next time? Dunno, oranges? Hmm. Okay. Very good. So Well done. I think we we can go home. Yeah. Maybe maybe we can hassle the the production department to to make a a real prototype that we can use at home to to evaluate. Okay so thanks very much. Bye.
