Okay. Yeah, my name is Francina. And I'm uh an user interface my role is uh the main responsibility is user interface. And my role is to design uh a television remote control. Yes, I'm Francina. Yes, sure. No, Okay. What should I draw? I'm going to draw a snake. How does it look like? Yes. Yeah, I Yes, I I feel that all the remote should be very compact. Yeah, those which we get here nowadays it's very long. And um and it should have multi-purpose. Like uh the remote control which we use for T_V_, it shou uh it should be used f uh for some other purpose also, like controlling the uh temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners, or for heating system. Yes, exactly Yes. Yes. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, design should be, yeah it should be different. All the almost all the remotes Yes, exactly. Are different shapes. Yes. Yes. Or a b Should ha A fluorescent signal, yeah. Yes. Yeah. And uh Yes. Then, in that case Yes. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh I'm Jeanne-Oui. Um uh my role is industrial designer and my responsibilities are uh uh um deal with the technical-functional designs and specifications of user interface and dealing with user interface design. Snake. Yeah, of course, using remote control. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Yeah. Audio player. Oh. Okay. Hmm. Divides us Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah, maybe ten I do yeah, colours and al shapes also. Yeah. Yeah of course yeah. Yeah. Yeah, some beep or something like that, so that we can go Yeah. Yeah, maybe it should have a light so that we can, we can just recognise where it is. Yeah, yeah. May not be beep. Beep or uh it's a light, maybe it's a light. Yeah, probably yeah, probably it's a yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, of course, that didn't I i we can't do it. Yeah, good point. Me yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's functional de yeah, exactly, technical. Yeah. Uh working design, yeah, it's it's uh mainly technical-functional design. Yeah, functional design, and you Yeah. Yeah, even I have. Yeah, even I have, I think, yeah. Yeah, so let's see. Hmm. Yeah.
Okay. I think so. Yeah, that's a good plan. And I'm a marketing person. I wanna figure out how to sell them. My name is Eileen. Okay. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay so Three different types of design that we're gonna be concerned with okay. Functional, conception and detailed. Maybe we should redesign it. After we've finished the remote control we'll get to that. Okay, I'll see what I can do. See if I r See if I remember how to draw a kitty cat or a rabbit or something. So that it will record okay. Um uh um traditional kitty cat. I've a very fat cat. And it likes to sit like that. Okay. Am I supposed to wipe off that or okay. Okay. Uh, okay. I hope the kitty cat is hungry 'cause I don't like snakes. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm 'kay that should keep everybody on their toes and challenged. Profit. Um is fifty mm. Oops. At um twelve fifty Euros per Well who knows if we get a really good designer maybe we can do that. We certainly can try to I agree with her that to market something successfully it should do some more things. That's right. Yeah okay, friendly shape, that would help. I think another thing that would help is um if it beeps when you clap, because I think one of the big things that happens is people lose them. They can't find it. Mm-hmm. So some Uh so, so it's really the beep or, or a light should blink. Mm 'kay. And do you think a good c c um clue for that is that it would respond to a clap or it would respond to your voice or it would respond what what should you have to do to make it beep or blink? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay so Okay. So the light sensor would activate the signal. Mm-hmm. But it could be someplace really obvious and you still wouldn't be able to find it. Well, because you're s because you're silly. Because people are silly. I mean it could be on well, i if it were like on top of your bookcase and you usually kept it on the coffee table um, you know, well maybe we have to move along, okay. Mm-hmm. We have to justify that price by having sufficient features to make it sell at that price. Mm. Okay, I think I have enough to think about 'til our next meeting. How about you people? Really? Okay. 'Kay. Alright, well uh Okay, very good.
Okay. Everybody ready? Uh I think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves and everybody's name and what your function is? So maybe we start with you? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. And your name is? Okay. Very good. And as you already know I am Betty. I am the project manager for today. So why don't we look at the presentation to see what we really are supposed to do. Um. Yes y opening, acquaintance, tool training well, the tools are, I think, we already I guess the tool is really our the computer, as far as I can see. Uh we get ins each of us will get instructions and we'll take it from there. Project plan, that falls under the same heading pretty much. Um, I don't think we have any great discussion at this point. Um. Here is what this thing should be. This thing we are gonna um uh design is a new remote control. Uh should be original, trendy, and, of course, user friendly. So maybe you wanna make some notes of that. Okay? All right. Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve. Um. That is it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what uh we have come up with. The same goes for the conceptual design, there will be individual work whic and then discussion afterwards. Detailed design, same thing basically. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I can't write with this thing. Yes. Yeah, okay. All right? Then, tool training try out the white board, participant can draw their favourite animal. Does anybody want to go and see how the white board works? So that in case we have to, in the next meeting, present something on the white board. You wanna go Eileen and Whether you without hanging yourself. And remember you have to press so it works. Mm-hmm. Fat, a fat cat. Okay. And you're Francine, right? Would you like s like just to see um how it feels, so that you have a little idea? In No, no. No, that's okay. I don't know, we'll get to that later. Okay. Okay. Here's the project finance uh which, of course, we all have to think about when we design this thing. Um selling price is supposed to be twenty five Euro. Uh profit aim for the company is fifty million Euro, the market range unlimited meaning international and the production cost should not exceed hopefully should be less than twelve fifty Euro. Mm-hmm. So these are all things, of course, to remember with the budget and when you design to materials, cost, etcetera. Now, uh the discussion I guess is um does anyone of you have experience with remote control? I exp I s 'cause we we use 'em we use 'em, right, everyday. And um now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it, things you would like to change, things you would like to improve with this thing ye any first ideas? Would you like it to be smaller, bigger, have more have more buttons on it or maybe clearly better marked buttons, you know, things like that? Small, right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it should be a multi-functional uh gadget that would um control all your household uh uh machines basically. Well. It should be something new it should be s it it should do something different than than just what we have. Now, of course, the other thing to think there is maybe the design. Like trendy no like f for earlier we saw maybe it should be something trendy you know. Maybe it should different colours or materials or you know. Um so yeah shapes right, you know, like kidney shape feels better in your hand or something, you know. Yeah. Yes. That is true, because they put a newspaper or they put it behind a plant or, we you know, whatever. And and they suddenly the phone rings and they want to turn the T_V_ off and they say, where the hell is my my remote control yeah? Well or yeah or if it's really, if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So if lost If lost uh signal with b throw signal, you know. Exactly, I mean just that's what I'm saying. I'm just saying throw signal meaning just whether it's a beep or whether a light or Okay, my my idea is maybe that the minute it's really hidden, in in other words if it's like in a dark spot, uh meaning you know like a newspaper is on top, a sweater is on top or it it's behind a plant, at that moment it's it's like, it's like um, what you call it a light s sensors, you know? In in that moment it has a sensor, i it it gets a certain darkness, it ge has a sensor and it gives out a signal whether that be a light signal or a beep, I mean, that we can discuss that later, you know. That's right. You know there would be right you have to have some kind of sensor and I I think uh voice or clapping it's not specific enough. Uh I know there are the lamps and stuff, you know, you can clap on and off, but I think they only work to certain degree and What with Oh yeah well, but then those people we can't help everybody. Okay we have uh yeah, we have to move along, but I think we have some good good points to start with here. Okay, the next meeting will be in thirty minutes. I think you all did you get uh notices on your computer for this? Okay so well, you got the notice um uh. The working design, I guess that's the function I_D_ uh who is this? The industrial designer That's you. Okay. So, we looking for a working design when we come back. Then And then the technical funct you are the technical function, so so you are the working design. So you have a working design and then a functional design. And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification, like friendliness, and what we just discussed in general. That would be your idea. And, of course, price. That it, that it, that the price is a good price. I mean, the price is given, but, that was That's right. That's right. And, you know, specifi you you will get specific um instructions for that. I think that's the end of the show. Yeah. So um we have well, we have a twen two two two three minutes. Um any questions at this point? Or uh suggestions? I think basically basically you will get instructions to work with and if you have any questions uh, uh I guess, you can uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Then uh we see you in about thirty minutes. And see what we can come up with. Okay?
