Mm-hmm. Mm. A nice one. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Oh yeah, that's a good that's a good point, so. One and Yep. Yeah but Yeah but the same can happen even with it you know this kind of remote control because the That's right. It's it's And mayb maybe we can have the switching mode to pass from you know voice controller to manual controllers, eh. No, more expensive maybe. Well y y you have also the language problem, you know when you 'Cause it it have to be universal, so. Yeah. Yeah but you know. The product The pro It's a very smart, it's a very smart controller maybe Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. But Yeah but the problem is how to s you know if this is a push button controller, you can send this con this remote control everywhere in the world, the same one. If you have the language, you have to develop for each country. Yeah, but for each country you have to do one, because uh the for example for Se Oh really? That's Comple A microphone maybe. To talk to the to the T_V_ maybe. I if you say one, he switch to channel, yeah. So well for example if it is somewhere in the room if i maybe if it is in the table there you can always say s channel one and the t the remote control gives the order to the T_V_ to switch to channel one. Devic Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but so you need a camera and you know a microphone inside your remote control. Yeah. But I think that, you know, switching from one country to to another will be a problem, so although y y Yeah but i i Yeah, we should. Uh. Mm. Yeah, but I think he need a control that is very reliable, so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's not really the we we can add for example some function like for browsing in internet, so or something like that. But uh I think a user need Don't have a the the Yeah if we can send email from it. Because the p the problem I can see with with the voice or the gesture itself wh what can happen in a family i i for example if Yeah And for all the person of the family maybe, so, yeah. Because you have new Ye Okay. Okay. Yeah, participant two um Yeah, working design, so. So I think Can you go to the next one? I uh it's not this one. It's uh oth the oth so I It's the working design. Sorry. Component design. So this yeah so this is the described use What? Are you inst I don't think so. Oh. Maybe I record recorded directly on the Computer. Okay, okay. Yes. I can say it to you without. Yeah, exac Okay. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, I don't know, I s because i in my presentation I don't have here with so It was in fact the design use to show you the design of what is inside a what is inside and what are the different component of the r of the remote control. So it will be interesting so I could show you some some picture of what is inside and so. So I in fact the the f something I want to discuss is which kind of material are we going to use, so will it will be wooden wooden di wooden remote control or a a plastic remote control like this one. So and in which which which kind will be the the different bu button, so it can be some, you know, classic pushbutton like this one, or you have also some button like L_C_D_ where you know, the button the buttons are unlighted during the night, or, you know, you can see them in the darkness. And the other thing I want to discuss also is which kind of alimentation, electric alimentation do you want to have, so will it be for example uh d uh solar energy alimentation or will it be a battery like the classical battery so. And I think that for example for the alimentation it would be good to have uh both of them, so so for example in some country where you are in the the countryside and you are far from, you know, the cities uh for example in some place in in S Senegal, so if you have electric if you have solar alimentation, you just, when you want to have recharger or remote control power you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can come and so it can be interesting for people to have this kind of remote con It can be something interesting to make people buy it, for example. Yeah. Yeah, yeah mm. Ecologists, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Alrigh In fact, having them both will if we want to have battery, regular battery and and the solar energy battery it could be it'll it will add a little bit of the price, but it will be an added value also that will be compensated, so hmm. And the materials, it depends for example you if you have a wooden material it can be more the plastic material is more common it's very resistant but, you know, something wooden will be like, I don't know high cl so a special high class, or you know, you can have some Yeah, even if it is not completely wood, but just a part of the, you know, will be wooden, in wood and it can be interesting. And so the last point is y also would do you want to have some very cheap integrated cir circuits, chips, or do you have low level or or very very expensive, it depends, but I think that low level will be, you know, it is an interim module. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think it will fit on the price we want, twel twelve Euros, so. I think the buttons I pr I prefer, you know, the L_C_D_ you know lighted buttons because, you know, it's I don't know um yeah, in the dark, it's fashion and it's related to how beautiful it is or uh if you want to watch T_V_ in the darkness or if you want to lo find your find your your remote control that is lost, you know in the darkness it's very easy so, right. I think a touch screen will be t as expensive as the L_C_D_ buttons so. But And it is a kind of other design, I mean. It can also be interesting to have this kind of Mm. Ah yes. Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. Okay. And fruit and vegetables yeah. Spongy 'Kay. Okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah, but the problem is which kind of material do you need to to be spongy? Pla S Very stuff Okay, rubber rubber desi okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Solar. Okay. Yeah. It will be a Yeah. Yeah, I think Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No wood but Plastic? Would some I think we can have wood for example in the bottom and, you know. It depends on the design we want, so. Yeah, it's natural and i And it can be correlated to energy, solar energy, so for the marketing aspect, you know, saying that it's ecol Mm, yeah, it's not right, so. Okay. Google and and fancy, f how about the the voice? And Uh maybe we can do some marketing studies asking people if they're interested and how It It is an an interesting concept to see to have uh voice control. Mm. Yeah. But and the problem is I I'm we can infer i if you have v voice control why not to put it directly on the the T_V_, so speak directly to the T_V_ and you don't need a remote control actually, so. But it will be embedded on the T_V_ and not on the remote control, so. Yeah, L_C_D_. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And pf what can we think a supplement to I think the supplement can be the voice. It is just, you know, it is not the most important, but it can be a part of Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. To push button, yeah, yeah. Even it is for s just some kids, you know, switching channels one two three four. Yeah, turning yeah, yeah. Not very complex commands, but easy commands, so. Yeah. Yeah, simple ones for expensive buttons Yeah, to make some new Yeah. Okay, fruits. Okay. Need it to be, okay. Okay. Okay. Sounds good, mm-hmm.
Yep. Yeah. No no no. Yeah. Mm. So uh first I will present the concept of user interface. Um there's three concepts in the user interface. So first one it's a Google controller. The second is a fancy controller. The last one is uh intelligent controller. So there are three concepts in our controller. Um n next I will explain one by one, the first is Google controller. Um, so I want the controller to be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. So it's a combination of easy to use and um sophisticated functions. Uh this is a first concept of our controller. The second concept is a fancy controller, um so we want give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive, um they can easy recognise our controller among a lot of products, so so the u the user f the the u user interface should be very very cute, very very g um attractive. Such like this, there are several uh examples in the slides. Yeah, it's very, you know if you're Yeah. It's hard f i it's easy for you to remember it. Or to recognise it, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the last uh concept is intelligent. We want uh we want our controller to be smart, so maybe we should uh use um uh technology, such as speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology, so we need to have coop some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and um gesture recognition. Um With this advanced features we I think we can attract a lot of user. Okay. No. There this is the three concepts of our controller. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so Y Uh I think some time it's very uh convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use button. For example, if you cannot find your uh controller, you can just uh just just uh speak something such as, yeah, one two. Yeah. So you can use your gesture. That's no problem. For limited vocabulary speech recognition is very reliable and for s limited vocabulary gesture recognition is also very Yeah. Yeah, they cannot speak at the same time. Yeah, it's very interesting. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's the advantage of intelligent controller. Even you h you have the controller, I can I can say channel three, so it's c come to channel three, I don't have to It's advantage. How much? No no we we d we we just are use um No no we just um have some cooperation with some research institute, we don't have to do some basic research on this field. Yeah, I think it's uh because uh this technology is uh um for limited wor or limited wor uh lexical recognition, it's very it's uh yeah. It's No it's uh Even for the f um because the the vocabulary the The vocabulary is very small, so that's not a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the key, the key um the key of our the key feature of our controller is that it's it has some some um adaptation mechanism. It's It's it means when you when you sell this controller in China it's can recognise Chinese. It's r if you sell this controller in France it can recognise French. Yeah, it's Because of this product uh this technology has already been developed. So Yeah. Yeah. Oh n Yeah, yeah tha that's why we have to do language adaptation. Yeah. Even for each f for even for different family we have to do d yeah we would we have to do adaptation to No, it's not so complex. No no no it's not I think that's n that's not a problem because you you don't have to wear a microphone. It it just the microphone is embedded in the controller. Where is the controller? It's in your family, in your home. Yeah. Yeah you can you can embed it uh microphone here. Yeah yeah just you just put the controller here, then you you use your command and you do s your gesture. No no it's n y if you lose it Yeah. Yeah. I think it we should give the uh flexibility to the user and we think yeah. You can see they can switch form one modality to another. No, that's quite inter quite attractive. Well, if you do language adaptation, there should be no problem. We should have confidence in technology. More features, yeah. Yeah but if if you stick to um stick to the first two parts. So what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market? There's no k features of our controller, so is there is there any necessary to design new controller without any breakthrough features? Would y would you replace your controller with a controller with similar function if you do not have some some function inside it that Yeah, you y that's a fun that's not the function of the controller, that's a function of T_V_. You can replace your T_V_ with a new T_V_ with internet browsing function, but Okay. But it's not the only the problem only the issue of controller, it's it's also the issue of the T_V_. Yeah, but we do we do we we we cannot rely one hundred percent on these features to u to use the controller, but with the features of our controller such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile but you seldom use it, your mobile, but you when you choose a new mobile, you choose the one with voice recognition. That's the feature is not one hundred percent reliable, but it's a feature to distinguish our product from our from other products. Yeah. Yeah, uh Yeah, if if if if you're if you ar if you already have a product it works one hundred percent reliable, would you replace it with another one? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yes, but there's no big difference between the traditional controller. The then nn no. Tha But the there's there's n there's n not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one if there's no key feature in the new controller. That's the same yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It did didn't r receive it. Didn't receive it. Participant one. Participant one. Yeah, maybe we can first come to uh to Frahan. With Frahan, then you can prepare your slides, then present it later. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So you got email? Mm. Later? Pla Uh yes. Yeah. Yeah. The smart controller. Okay. Mm. Yeah. It's good. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yep Okay. Okay.
Mm-hmm. No y you do the minutes first, or? No? Okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah but how how is how risky is it to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition? Okay. Okay. But this this but this would never happen anyway. Yeah Yeah, but the Yeah but this Yeah. I don't think it Oh, okay, okay, you mean it could be a problem for this kind of stuff. No. No, but this is disadvant disadvantage. Yeah. Uh if you if if you use the basic But it's it's changing how the remote control is gonna be built. Because then you need uh I mean this doesn't have uh the power to do recognition, for example. Yeah. Yeah, this could be downloaded by the web maybe, or Yeah. Mm. Yeah, but then w Yeah, we have to take care of the twelve Euros problem. Okay. No, but then it's it's like this uh Yeah. But you would still have the buttons. Or is it do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition? Or you you still have the possibility to use buttons? Okay, so you yeah. Yeah, I dunno. It's a bit risky risky. Yeah, I dunno. What? If if I mean, uh I'm sure if the user pays the same price, he's happy to have recognition. But if if if it like doubles uh no one would would be interested. Yeah. No, I mean Y No, but you need you need new remote controller then. Because if you wanna browse internet or, I don't know, if you wanna type something, or No. No. Cause for example yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you wou you would True. I mean, for example the goo y you say we would we would to have a Google-like controller. I don't see how adding speech or gesture recognition would make the remote control look more like Google. Google is is simple, works fine, so I I guess if can have a remote control that is really basic, simple and works fine, it's already a lot. Uh thi this I mean, the user is not only interested in having speech or gesture recognition or if he has something that works fine and is really fancy, looks nice and it's easy easy to use, easy to use. See That's the problem, yeah. I mean, I I know it's more interesting to develop a remote controller with speech and gesture and whatever. But you have to think, the user is the one who gonna buy the product and so. I mean, that's the point. Hmm. Yeah. Dunno. I dunno if you remember what you had to say or I think it's more interesting what he says, okay. Yeah, true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Special for Mm-hmm. Yeah. What about the touch scr touch screen? For example. It's it's expensive I I guess. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Uh no, trend watching. The other one. Yeah. Uh, I think so, just Yeah, so just to meet the user requirements I would just do a s short anal analysis of the remote control market and to kind of um have a better overview of what's the fashion in general I've checked more than only the remote control market, so next. So again, it's pretty much similar to what I've said in the previous meeting. Um user really really want a fancy look and feel. They're not so so interested in uh functional look and feel, okay. Like the one you've shown, David, with all the buttons and I mean i i it sounds good technically but it's it's not what they want and uh So, second point is they still want it it to be technologically innovative, so maybe it's sort of related to what you've said with the speech recognition and so on. At the same time, it's important that it's easy to use. So that were the three first points from the remote control uh analysis. Now i if we look at fashion in general um Okay. Wha what we really see this year is that uh everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is is inspired by fruits and vegetables, okay, so I think we really have to take this into account for the design of the the thing. 'Cause it's it's really what people want. Even if it's in general fashion, we want it to be in the remote control. And then uh if if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points, fancy look and feel has, on a score of seven would have six as importance. Uh the remote control has to be technologically innovative, it's three. Then easy to use uh it's not so important actually with respect to other y other ones. So we see fancy look an look and feel is the most important one, and then if we combine this with the fashion uh from Milan and Paris we go to the fruits and vede vegetables. And the other point I haven't mention is people wan want to have a spongy touch, okay so this is this maybe doesn't really fit with the wooden design. I dunno. Yeah thi this is this would be like um plastic-like, but rubber, mayb maybe, you know, rubber-like uh device, so um Okay, tha tha that was the main point, I think, from the trend in fashion. Yeah, so when I think it's Mm-hmm. Maybe not no wood, but I mean ma maybe not the part you touching you know. Yeah, maybe the base. But still y Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's not exactly right for the spongy point of view. But we could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons, or I dunno. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah d I dunno. What interface? Yeah, no not forgetting about the fruits and vegetables trends. If possible. Hmm. Okay.
So let's start our second me meeting on conceptual design. So, as the previous meeting I will be the secretary and we will have three presentations and we'll have to decide on the remote control concept and finally we'll close the decision. So I will first uh What? I I think I will let uh our User Interface Designer speak first, Mister David Jordan. So, we'll S technical accessoire? Interface? This. I'm not sure the one in the middle is very attractive. It's very big, yeah. Okay. Yeah, why not. We'll have big discussion I suppose after that, so. Okay. Something else? I just have one question, because for the intelligent controller, you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition, but as the um expert told us, most of the people want to use the remote control to zap t to zap between channels. Do you think they will be able to use gestures? Because, if they do all the time the same gesture, as you said previously in the last meeting, maybe they will get injuries because of that? or if you say channel three channel three two three four six five, I think they will be bored after a while. You don't think so? Yeah, sure. I That's true. Yeah, but suppose you got a cold. You have a mute remote controller. Broken arm? Yeah, but suppose you have a family watching T_V_, and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time, do you think it will work? Everybody wanting to change channel in the same time? Why? If you have one brother and one sister and they want to watch their favourite uh T_V_ programme, so they say oh channel four channel three channel four channel three all the time, so. Yeah, but you have the remote control, so maybe you can keep it f with you. You're not you're not obliged to share it. Yeah, we can yeah. Yeah, I think it's a disadvantage. Yeah, but one other question. How how much will it cost? Yeah. Because I suppose we need to do research to have something working. Some some efficient. So you think it won't cost an Not a lot for us? Or? Yeah, but uh uh Mm-mm. Yeah. I agree with uh Yeah, but there is one problem that uh Baba talked about is the international remote control. We need something that is international. Suppose we're we want to sell it in France. The recognition system will be able to understand French. If you want to go to England, it will be able to understand English, so. Mm, okay. And with no increase in the pri production price of the remote control? Yeah, but how will you Oh. Seems to be quite complex. And what about voice recognition, do we have microphones? And where will be they? Do you think if we're far from television it will work? Yeah, but where is the controller? Yeah. Yeah, but we're here it's uh an object. But here you say you want to use i uh s technology. Yeah, but wha what is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have a remote control li like this, if you have an object. If you want to use voice or gesture you need to be free, without any object. You just want to interact with television. Yeah, but you can lose it. Okay you so you can build a kind of black box and put it on T_V_ and just to recognize gestures and voice. Ah. Yeah, but Mm. I think so. And maybe it will be quite Okay. Hmm. So, what do you think? We'll try the controllers you'd prefer. Which kind of controller would you prefer to use, you as a remote control user? So I think it would be better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller. Maybe try to mix the Google controller and the fancy controller? Hmm? Just want to have something controller which is in a kind of intelligent controller, easy to use, sophisticated and fancy. You think it's possible? Yeah, but uh we want so Yeah, but w we we want something th that works all the time, every day, every hour, for everyone. You don't need to tune it. Yeah, why not? If it's Not too expensive too. Okay. So let's go to the Industrial Designer. Maybe we'll be able to take a decision after that, so. Two? Working? I can Okay. It's okay Uh I think there's something wrong with your Maybe you you record it somewhere else. Interface concept. No. Mm mm. Uh. Nope. It seems that we have a problem with the Yeah, so No, I think it will be more interesting to start with uh Yeah. You will had s some more information in I think it will be interesting after your presentation to have um Baba's presentation. So. Okay. Okay, never mind. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, I think it's an added value to the remote control and maybe it can attract all the ecological k yeah consumers and but about the the price of adding this solar battery, would it be something really that will increase the price of production more, no? So. Okay. And what tha what about the uh materials? Impersonal, mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, and i if you we want to put fashion in electronics maybe we can try to do something with wood. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm okay, seems to be interesting, mm. Yeah, we want something easy to use and so I think maybe something very low level wou would be enough. And you think that we will be Okay. So wood. And what about the buttons? No it's fashion, yeah. I dunno. I think we have only uh five minutes left. Participant four? Functional requirements? This one? Okay. So we have to take decisions about the component concepts, about the energy. So, as you say you want something technologically innovative, maybe using solar energy and with battery would be something interesting, maybe will attract pro-ecology consumers. Uh cheap imprint so you s you propose low level chips would be uh enough to have something working well. Case. So you think case. Something spongy. Someth no wood. Maybe you It's it's natural. Th The feeling is natural, so maybe we can stay with wood. But it's still fashion. Yeah, something that you can into it. Uh and what about the user interface concept? Google and fancy? Because I think that with the voice and gesture recognition there are still some disadvantages with this. Yeah, but you need a receiver to recognize the gestures and the voice. That's true. So maybe we'll just focus on the Google controller plus the fancy controller, maybe try to mix them these two concepts together, just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood. And L_C_D_ buttons. Yeah, I think for these supplements the solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add. Yeah, for the interface something added value. With a module? You mean the remote control with a mur module if you want you can just use commands, words and use them when you don't want to use your fingers. Turning the T_V_ o on o or off. So, adding some vocal commands. Simple ones? Okay. So the next meeting will start in thirty meeti minutes so we'll you will all have to work in in your direction. So you will have to work on the look and feel design, to have the easy to use, powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the uh simple vocal commands recognition. Uh you will have to work more, Baba, on the um spongy way to to add spongy um touch to the buttons and try to find maybe a nice shape for the wooden remote control. And I sup I think we'll have to evaluate th the product too. Yeah. Yeah. And remember as as I said last meeting, we really have to build a fashion remote control and uh the colour of the um the society will be really it will be seen in the remote control. So you will have Baba and David Jordan you will have to work together on the prototype and you will have next time to show us um modelling a cl a clay remote control, so you will have to model model something. And I think that some specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. So, no more questions, we can close the session. Yeah. Okay, cool.
