Uh we don't have any changes, do we? So no. It's basically what we agreed upon, but just a little bit more specified. Uh s Final design. Basically in what we discussed, cover and buttons will be made of rubber, yellow colour, black components, as you can see right over here. We chose a different type of colour for the menu. A bit darker yellow so that it com really shows in this keypad. If you put them all black, it's not really that good a contrast. So Probab Yeah. That's the be And it I guess it's more easier to just paint it on the rubber than to uh So we have it's a bit round shaped, that's what we had uh We chose the buttons to be uh teletext, okay button, favourite channel and the mute. So that's basically what we chose there. If you have anything to add, please interrupt me. Oh. That's pretty much it. Oh sorry. I'd say that too. Uh we don't really have a extra function with the speech sample, which you can't do with a normal remote control, which people already do. So Well, I'd I tend to disagree with you on that, because the trend issue was a big issue when we started designing this. So can't we just basically extend it to thirteen? Okay. Yeah. We do. We could take out a curve indeed. I think the colour is more important than the really the curve, because if you just end up with an entirely black remote control So black and grey is okay. Which we can fabricate, okay. No, we basically We need to stick to that. But they don't Well And if we So which curve is that ba that's basically that curve. So we could u still have the comfort. I second that. No, that it would turn out to be a pretty straight-forward remote control. So that's not really that I would Yeah. I would say I would agree with you on the colour, because that's an extra option, an extra service we can deliver for a little bit of more money. So we can always do that. Which is basically what we discussed. Yes, we could have Well I hope it sells. Which are basically accessible through the menu button. Yeah. Which is not an option. To make it that way, yeah. Mm yeah. And it's pretty straight-forward, you have a navigation no keys to navigate through the L_C_D_ menus. So One I d no, actu No, it it is pretty straight-forward. Yeah. Yeah. Well, basically the menu options indeed. But No. Yeah. Yeah. Two or three. So You can seven. Or we could say it Or we could say neutral, we 'cause we scratched the C No, we don't have the colour. So I Yes, but the end product So Maybe we should go with a two then, because it's not perfect, because we can't do it initially, but we Yeah. Overall score. Ten, sixteen, divided by Is two two third. There's Yeah, if we make it into a four, as in neutral, because we didn't implement it, so we can't say that we that it's really not well implemented. We come out on a average of two one eighth. So which is pretty w good. It's at least on the positive side. So We could definitely have done better if we've had more resources, but Yeah. True. So did you Yeah. And we could share information which we received. Yeah. Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher, because The digital pen was definitely better to draw my ideas and to further elaborate on that. So Oh can you? Okay. Yeah, well it could also possibly be well, is it a more real-time information base, so we can all see which information is available to one another. Well, I personally did not have that, but That's probably your l description. But I also didn't not really. But still, you had that as well. Is that we finished up the design and then we checked the website, and then there was just extra information. There was a little delay in the bit of a c crucial delay. How much time do we have for this anyway? Yeah. Champagne. Product name. The bana 'cause it's not yellow anymore. Well, uh I was going for the R_C_ deluxe, but it's not really a catchy name or anything, it's more Something with our company name, can we do anything with that? Maybe there's something on the website which will help us out. The reaction deluxe. Is that a name or a c campaign? Yeah. Or the The real reactor. You should write it down as a an option. So that's one option. Should I write the banana down or Sure? Well I Uh do you mean it like You mean it like this? Dash C_? Like a C_ right now or a dash in a C_? Is it triple R_C_s? No. Well, that's another option. Okay, so which ones are we going to scratch definitely? I say this one as well. Triple R_? Triple R_ it is. Yeah, sure. I don't really know whether we can save it as a picture or no. Sure. Network places. I wouldn't pick that one, no. Sure. Oh. I see you later.
I think it's more or less the same as we had. No much s No no no, not at all. Hmm. Yeah, of course. That's uh the integration story again. No, uh this is just a description of what we see there. So Speaks for itself. Hmm. I d Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Huh. Okay, but there's another problem. But there's another problem. If we take another cover, for instance black, then we also need another button frame, 'cause black and black doesn't work obviously. Huh. Huh. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Right. I agree. Mm-hmm. Or say let's lose rubber, take plastic. Yes. Although we are demolishing a little bit the style. But Yeah. Can we then not also uh change the material? We take plastic for the basic cover and We can put those to the to the other covers. That's true. But okay. But what do you then suggest we'd lose? Because we have to lose two things and I guess. Yes. Okay, and that's enough? Hmm. Hmm. Perhaps we should make m Huh. Perhaps we should make clear to our customer that we had to do this to stay under the cost. And that's uh they know that this is an option and that we had to drop the option to stay under the cost, that they know that. Perhaps they decide tha Of course. Perhaps they uh no, but perhaps they think uh okay, the cover is such a nice idea, uh let's that that then they uh that allow us to make some more costs. We ca we uh we can at least tell them that You don't know that. Huh. No, I'm not uh talking about that cost but the one that g has given us the order to design this. We could at least m uh make it like this, like you said, and then tell them okay, we had to drop this and that, just that you know. It is an still an option, but not for this price. Exactly, but Hmm. I'd say lose the curve and the colour and Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Oh. I agree. No. Hmm? Yes. Huh. Hmm. Me too, I felt a bit blind throughout the project, because in the beginning I had no list of available materials, and then I d had not list of available c finances. So Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. One. Hmm. Manual. I think the L_C_D_ display could be a little bit more difficult then a normal remote control, but then again, it's for young people. So Yeah, I th Exactly. No, that's true. I think it won't be a big problem. Ah. Um With the more important functions on. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. the menus uh Things like brightness and uh those kind of things we've put in the menu, because we have no buttons for those. Yes. Mm. Yes. Nah, it's not really only an extra. No menus. Think about Hmm. But M Changing covers is also trend that we followed. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Six. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm, of course. Mm-hmm. But I think for this price, this is it's really a reasonable product. It's a good product. Oh. Oh. Yeah. But if pep people really want speech recognition, then they must be prepared to pu to pay more, because it's cannot be done for this. Hmm yeah. Ah but for this price uh you cannot ask that. You cannot th think of that No, it's not. Mm-hmm. Oh It's also more attractive. Hmm. Yes. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Huh. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. That's the same thing that I had in the beginning. Everybody was using materials that s I didn't have. So Oh. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. But there's uh also one problem with this I noticed. Uh you have to finish a page before going to a n Oh. Okay, I saw that uh Hmm. Yeah, but I made Okay, but I made three pages and they were not finished. And when the third one was finished, I wanted to download it and then it was not possible anymore, because you have to close all the pinnits uh the pages before going further. Exactly. So we cannot work on more than one page at same time. That's not possible. You have to finish it completely, then download it, it's then start a new one. That's not very uh handy, but if you know that, then it's not a problem. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Ah. Well Hmm. Huh. Yeah.. Yeah, Mm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. No.. Okay, bring out the beer. I have no more email. My coach is uh being very silent now. No, we haven't think above about that. Huh. It's better than thi I think than a serial number. Sony uh T_R_ something uh f means nothing to me. Uh Like fruit names. Uh at least it's not something with numbers. Numbers are so meaningless to the people. I mean. Real Reaction. Real react. The Real Reactor, I don't find that uh that bad at all. Yeah. Because our name is Real Reaction. I'm looking for things in the name. So that the first three letters are s the same. R_E_A_ R_E_A_. The triple R_. Real Reaction remotes control. Triple R_.? yeah. Yeah, that.. I think triple R_. Doesn't sound? Yeah. Ah. I think I like it like this more. Hmm. Mm. I would huh. I would lose the C_ and just name it triple R_. It sounds like uh thinking about two different things and combining it. I would just say triple R_s triple R_ That's also short, catchy. Banana.. Yes. did you do now? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Mm-hmm. The boss is always the last one to go home. So See you in a minute. Okay. Can't we take this one? Otherwise we have to do it all over again. Is it okay if I try? Is that okay with you? I'll put it back in a minute. Okay, it has been saving something, but where to I don't know. Oh, can I say exp yes, I can. Export as J_ PEG.. Okay, can I not put this wherever I wants. My document is the wrong one, huh. I cannot. I don't think so. Document and settings. That's a pity. That means that we have to gonna draw it again. Are you gonna do that? Okay. That Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes, that's correct. Okay. No. Oh, it's export. Okay. Oh, of course. Sorry.
Hmm. Hmm? Mm yeah. Okay. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Pushbut Special colour, yeah. Yeah, it The p And the p What. But uh the and Yeah. The people Spongy, yeah. Yeah. And But But The people want to pay for for it, so why why uh do we have to keep us uh uh um on the twelve and a half? Yeah. But we can take a risk. Okay, yeah. I hope the people will like it, but Yeah. Yeah. The first sheet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's better. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. And I want to do that. Yeah. Yeah. But Let's um see um Um Let's Uh Oh. Hmm. Okay, let's eval evaluate uh the product of us, our design. Um I have some uh a method, a requirements and scale of. I uh will pre present uh some statements and we will decided together wha what if it's true or false and uh then we see uh if the requirements of the user are fulfilled or not. And I will uh make a new blank sheet. So so the buttons, the look and feel. I thought it was okay, but the advanced uh settings, um screen, audio and channel We are not Oh the menu button is it. Hi Oh, okay. Then it's all uh S it's true. Yeah. So d Oh wait. Uh pen. The p Oh yeah, it's red, okay, but Look and feel is everybo it's true. So Anyone? And the next one uh yeah, when it's lost uh you can find it. It's Yeah. And it's and it's yeah. To. That's okay then. And the next one. How is that? Uh w we had we don't have an uh manual, yeah. But I think that's a part of it. But Yeah, an L_C_D_, it tells a lot about uh Yeah. So it's a one or a I don't know. For the advanced uh settings. No okay, that uh that's true. Oh, so it Takes no ti Yeah. And the L_C_D_, you have to see it. Um mm Oh, it's a little bit learning. Okay. Uh yeah it's uh a little bit same. But it tells you or not? But wha w oh, yeah. What are we uh displaying on the L_C_D_ screen? Just uh only the channels and or What uh? Oh, in the L_C_D_ screen. And for a channel selection, uh or that's not Yeah, I thought I thought too but yeah. But Maybe a T_V_ guide or something in your L_C_D_ uh Yeah. Yeah, it must be clear then what what what for we use it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, indeed. So everybody's agree with an uh three on it, it's W Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I A three. Ah, nothing, that's A seven. Uh that's uh Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Not with the speech recognition. Uh yeah, all the trends and no colours uh anymore. So Yeah, uh um only in the curves. But the colours, we don't have special colours on it. Yeah, but we yeah, we don't have it, so d In the end product. Now But it's not a one. Yeah. Oh. Oh well Oops. Oh it's a two, right? On the last one. Uh that n that's all. Overall. It's um ten, sixteen three uh two two point seven or something like that. I don't know why. Six. Um So we can say it's it's the product is it's okay. Y not Yeah. Woah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, with. The scale. Yeah. With an L_C_D_ screen. Yeah, you can make 'em another one. Yeah. Yeah. Favourite channel. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah, you're working separate. Yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Direct uh communication with yeah. Yeah. My handwriting is little bit yeah. Yeah. But th that's Yeah, okay. No. You can Done and then it's okay. Oh, okay. Okay, yeah. Okay. Oh. Hmm. Important to mm Yeah. Mm Yeah, after After five minutes, uh Yeah. Email uh it's Yeah. I want one for my own. Yeah. Yeah, my personal coach i What Yeah, name. Or fruit name. Fruit name or something like that. The banana remote or something. I don't know. Yeah, it's the form of it. Yeah oh, yeah. Uh yeah. Uh Yeah. That's true. Reaction, Real Reaction... Zapping. The Yeah, sure. The banana. Remote. Banana recei R_C_. Remote. R_ three C_. R_ three C_. Real Reaction Remote Control. R_ three C_. Oh yeah. Yeah, triple R_. Triple R_C_. The triple R_C_, yeah. R_ s R_ three C_.. Triple R_ dash. That Yeah, this yeah. Triple remote. Yeah. It's okay. The banana. Banana. Yeah, the deluxe. The r triple R_. Yeah. It can't work. That will not Okay. Damn. I will write that one in a Word uh document. Oh sh Um Yeah, okay, I will ask you when uh I need the information. So it's oh. Uh Oh. Merge. Sucks. Yeah, but I don't know. Smart no. Ma it's maybe it's not on the network of uh the rest. That one is.. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah,. Can I see scores? Uh, one one, two threes, two Okay, then we'll overall, two points. Yes. Yeah. Mm.
Can I close this? Oh, okay. There we go. Okay, here we are again. Detailed design oh, come on. Well Ah s Forgot to insert the minutes, but it's about the same thing we discussed before. Uh Could open that anyway, think. Other design anyway, we took as we took w we took rubber as as the material last time. We also that you're just busy with it. Took the advanced chip to t uh implement the advanced features. Well, we discussed the design, no sharp corners, we rounded it off, like you see on the other screen, which is fine. Um we agreed that the colour should be b uh yellow and black. Yellow in the back because it's m trendy, more trendy than black anyway. So then we ca yeah. We agreed that we would implement both the L_C_D_ and speech recognition, but I'll get to that in a moment. 'Cause some changes in the finances have left us implications anyway. So so, like I said, we had no insight in finances, no prices, but we have 'em now, and it's bad. Anyway. We are Oh. Prototype presentation, well first you guys built the prototype. So you could could present that. But um let's see what be handy to do. Nee no, you just go ahead and present the w we'll scrap it later because What? Oh that's hasn't changed that much, huh? I didn't expect anyway. You just coloured it. Mm-hmm. I like the menu. Mm-hmm. And I suppose the the the yellow is not printed on the on the rubber. It's it's part of the rubber, I suppose. I think that's more I think that's more durable anyway than printed on to Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Now it's my time to ruin everything. Well, not ruin everything, but no, nah. Finances, that's what we have here, what you drew. We have battery power, we have advanced chips and the sam the sensor. The sample sensor and uh for speak recognition anyway. So which you see the which is de o one of the most expensive parts. So well, we have sin one curve, a design. Rubber design. And we had a special colour. Suppose yellow is a special colour. So just half a Euro for You have pushbuttons and an L_C_D_ display. You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost, which is higher than the twelve and a half that we are permitted to use. So, easy. What do we scrap. Well think I had the best solution that I came up with is just to s take out the speech recognition. Because the L_C_D_ has more support on customer side. There are ninety one percent of uh the people, or something like that. But ninety percent who favour an L_C_D_ display, and only sixty percent that favour speech recognition. I think it's also harder to. So I ju I took that out. So and so it's still stuck with thirteen, so I had to take out the special colour I suppose. And, yeah, I didn't see anything else I could take out. Yeah, I could take out the push-buttons, but we need those. So, generally what I came up with, in order to be cou to to have production cost of twelve and a half Euros, spe scrap speech recognition and the separate covers can account for the if people want it, we'll just then we'll do it in black. We'll just deliver it in black, have the it has all the function that it's supposed to have, and if you want it if you want the custom design, then you can buy the separate covers. You make it d orange or whatever you want. It was a big issue, but I'll just go back. Uh let's just let's see what okay, let's just see what we no, we we have to be under twelve and a half. It it's not uh the project is a no-go if we go over twelve and a half, so. I think you that's what you were ass assigned to do really, to to see how b th both those work together. So I think yeah, it's I think it's y one of the it's a good way to um to help people uh to make to keep the product trendy too. Just keep you just make new covers for the for it, like we agreed before. And everything that's left is is the basic function that uh that we want our product to have. Because the expensive parts are in either the advanced chip. But we need that for the L_C_D_ display. Then again, we have the L_C_D_ display, which is also expensive. B yeah, but those go together. And yeah, we could take out the curve. Could we could take out the curve. Is that an option? For you? Yeah. I think it's it it does ruin it, but the fact that I t took that decision or t Took this example actually, not really decision, but the example is because we do offer the um the possibility of adding your own custom covers. So you can change any colour you want. So it's just you deliver a basic remote control with a possibility to change you into whatever you want. You can take plastic, but I d it's something that's stuck into my mind is that something that really came forward from the marketing research is that people like the the the the squishy feeling of the spongy feeling of the and it really makes it also makes it different from the existing remote controls, because they're all plastic. So which in in turn Rubber would increase durability because it doesn't break. I al like I said, I lost the speech recognition and I lost the special colour, which would make this black a black and grey. Yeah, that's that that that's enough, because I guess those are the basic colours. So Oh. I think those are basic col They want to To ensure the profit. That that's th that's the order. We're just uh we're the project team and we got our our orders from the pro from the boss of our company which say we don't wanna spend more than twelve fifty for this. But that's not for our that's not our decision to take. We have a budget of twelve fifty per product. So Stick that. I don't think it's really bad either. I mean if we we have the the backup of or the backup design thing to have I think they would do. Th I think they do like because yo we you we agree upon that the that the the the cover thing was a nice idea, because p you could have all sort of designs while at the same time just manufacturing one product, one basic product which you could turn into any any taste you want. So I think it's the best solution to make those cu custom covers for the design aspect and keep the functionality between of within the th the boundaries of the your f uh your budget. So Well I don't think Yeah. Is it worth is it is it does it mean anything to the customer? Like, it like, we don't care we don't care that you had to True, but we did we didn't get that. So I think it's it should either be a pack, maybe we sh that should be sold in in the s in stores with with a standard cover or something. But They could, but uh It's an option, but yeah, it's true. So actually uh it's not that much of an increase, but yeah. We cannot contact them. It's just the order that we got. So that's what we gotta go with. So it's either one fi just just to get it f just to get it through final, it's either turned into plastic, drop the squishy feel, make it make it more breakable, um or turn it yellow. So It's uh something we have to decide on. I say lose the curve. Oh that's true, we could lose the c yeah, I forgot that, sorry. Uh the curve. So That's just this one just d this is the banana curve. So this would this would be straight. No, uh no, that would be a curve inside the thing, I guess. No, would ju then it would just be a straight remote. Just like like that. Which would, yeah, turn it into something far more ordinary. we could make it yellow then, but You second that, you second that we lose the curve. Okay, yeah. So I think it would be a good idea to keep the curve to separate it from the rest of the remote control world, so to speak. So we keep the curve. So the only only solution is either to use the l y lose the yellow or lose the rubber. And I'm in favour of keeping the rubber, because it has more more advantages than the colour yellow has. Mm-hmm. Yeah, um I guess people are willing to pay for that. So I think we can take that option and just with uh with the idea in the back of our head that you can customise your remote control. So I think that would still make it a nice product. Okay, we're final on that. So it's too bad we can't make the whole super thing. But anyways we're here. Um yeah. This we discussed just now. That's just now just we could just discuss how the project went. I mean, was kind of I sort of expected that everything would turn out this way, but because you yeah, everything cannot be for free. We didn't I think it was too bad we didn't have the financial info the last time. Because that was I th it was really essential really to ma because we spent uh uh entire stage designing a product of which we had no idea what it would cost. So we just put something I think it's really nor not in stroke with reality actually. So Yeah. Yeah, I think would have been. Materials would be ok at least the last meeting I would have expected had to have that. So I suppose Yeah, let's see if it sells. I mean I suppose this sells, because it's very very extended. But I suppose it sells, because it's good. I mean it's got everything for the for the reasonable price, because we didn't know what it's gonna cost anyway. Okay. Have been met, okay. Yeah. They're stuck under menu. For the menu. I think those are totally met, because we we really took them for the they have the feel they want, they have the simplicity they want. I think it's very uh very well met. Either two or one maybe. I think we took that everything they wanted into consideration. So it could either be a two or a one. One and a half. Just create our own option. Yeah. It's perfect. Even for deaf people, yeah. It's I don't think it's perfect, but we did everything possible to to get it back. Because if it's stuck in you couch, you can see the light. Maybe you can hear it. But I mean we tried, so I think it that's that deserves a one. Definitely. I'd use an remote control. It's pretty straight-forward, uh-huh. I think but we didn't even there was no issue on making a manual actually. We didn't really discuss it, but I don't think it takes no, it really does doesn't take time to learn, I think. We took it s it's so easy, we have so little button, everything speaks for itself really. So I think that's yeah, we didn't it's either two or one, I guess. Maybe it's a two, because d uh the L_C_D_ is a little is a little new and there is there are some option hidden under the menu button. So I might make this a two instead of a one, I guess. So just make that a two. You can use the L_C_D_ in a good way. I think so. I think it's perfect, the w where it is, what it can do, if it useful. I think so. No, y I mean in the L_C_D_ screen, the small screen. What does it display? Well I thought it was I thought it was I thought that people wanted previews on their I'm not sure if that even possible, but 'cause it's this requires a quite quite a bit of band-width. I don't think it's possible really. But the they didn't really define in what should be used for. But I think in for example like T_V_ guides, I think that's that th that you can transmit through it and everything. Just for extra information on your programmes. But also things like like like menus or p how about preferences of your uh with configuring your remote control for favourite your favourite channel for example, how do you configure that. So that could be done by L_C_D_ display. I think it's good. No, maybe it's not a one because it's we're not using it perfectly. We didn't give it I don't thing over-discussing. Now we gave it enough thought though. I think we d should just lower this. Maybe maybe it's a three though. We could've used it more effectively probably. Yeah, we are using it, but it's not it's not poorly used, but it's not efficiently used, I think. We could have ev even lost the selection button and uh done everything via L_C_D_ selection. It's now it's just extra to illustrate im uh extra features, but okay. Can you talk to remote control? Well, it can't talk anymore. So we scrap that. Oh yeah Just to be a prick, but of course you can talk to your remote control, it doesn't do anything. But you c you can talk to it. Well, we did take everything into consideration of course. Uh the shape i shape is i I think we yeah, I think that's okay. Yeah, special co but we took into consideration the fact that it's customisable to the fashi We don't have it we do have it, it's just sold as a package. It does it's not part of the basic product. It that that's what I call trendy. I mean the shape is trendy. The the sh the the functions are trendy. It's just the colours that are not supporting the basic model. Because you ha it's just not affordable at the moment. It's possible, but you have to pay extra for the for the possibility of having it in a f a different colour. Overall score. One two three. sixteen. Two two point some two point something.. Two and two thirds. It's okay, but that's yo m mostly it's it's influenced by the fact that we didn't have enough resources to implement speech recognition. 'Cause yeah, that gives you a seven, which ruins your your average. Without that it would be like under it wouldn't yeah, it would be under two. So I think we have even with this it's reasonable. Well I think it's two is okay. Yeah, two is pretty good. Definitely. Yeah, I think it's probably I I do admit that we d did miss a little or didn't sp didn't talk talk enough about the possibility of the L_C_D_ display. We could have used it more efficiently, we just didn't think of it that way. So like I said, changing channels, everything hidden in your L_C_D_ display, so you just need the navigation buttons to do everything. I think we div I think we did very well, uh ev even if you look at this score, we did quite well. It just looking for improvements what what you could have improved. So. They sh they should get kids, and just stick 'em in T_V_ and say change the channel. I don' think so. Uh it's just not it it's not affordable. Or your sh you should lose the L_C_D_ screen probably, but I think that's I think the L_C_D_ screen is more worth than speech recognition. Definitely. Okay, that was that. So that's the final product without the speakers, I guess. Let's see, what was left in the the Another one. Hmm. Yeah, we evaluate the product. General project, what's i in For example, I thou I thought we were pretty creative in what we created. We took the whole new approach of making exchangeable cover for example, which I thought was pretty creative, because it was never never ever listed somewhere. Well Anyways. Yeah, leadership is up to you. I mean perhaps I screwed up because I d put a put a speech recognition into it. But that's not for me to decide. I think we did pretty well as team-work though. Because, yeah was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime, because when I got the when I got the input for the financial results, initially of course I wanted to contact you. Say, look, this is you're doing the wrong thing, you're s you're wasting your time now, because we're implementing stuff that we cannot afford. So it would be better if y if there was more communication between uh because that's that's what would w you what you would normally do, either call or email someone. So that was too bad con was impossible here anyways.. It didn't have or didn't knew what they costs or whatever. There was just too little information about what things actually cost and if you could use them. So that was a little unclear I suppose. I think a SMARTboard SMARTboard is pretty cool. I think uh s especially for design issues, it's very easy just to give your give your thoughts a little it's easier to share them. It's a little less it the response time is le it's very bad. It's good to visualise everything, but I think the response time should could be a lot better. Definitely. Yeah, it's true. No, you don't have to. No, you don't. I jin I didn't check the finish button. I just you just ditch it and you can copy it or whatever. Uh only if you uh check the notes or press done. Then it um then you can then it exports to Word automatically. But it's not necessary to check either one of those two. You can just preview your p you can just preview your page in the in the programme. Okay, before starting a ne a new page. Okay, that could be b. Okay. Yeah, okay. That's Yeah, it's understandable, okay. Any new ideas? Yeah, more communication between between uh that's the thing I noticed, that communication is very um very important, because if you get new information, it's essential f for the other team-mates to know that as soon as possible, because you would avoid making doing extra work, because you were doing extra work now uh m working on the on the speech recognition, you have limitation both on the technical on the d on the design side. So I think that could have been better. But that's I think it's more of a a setting here that you cannot communicate than uh than somewhere else. So Yeah, I think so. And l less p less spam probably. I'm not sure i I'm not sure you got spammed as well, but I get spammed like every t every two minutes there was a there was another email about master classes or something. So which were totally useless actually. I thought I should probably look into them, but they were all useless. So I just Oh okay. I didn't have any uh more information, it's just always the same here. So that's that's kind of a It would change, but not for me. So I'd I had no extra information to go on that one than what you give me actually. I couldn't do any research myself or I see, that's yeah, w I could have done a little extra work probably, then But I was busy enough anyway. So Any new ideas found? Or is that a 'cause uh yeah, it's well, probably is. I have no clue. That's like oh,but it Should i if the project is evaluated and it was it was in b within budget, we should celebrate. So Uh okay, think that's about it. Uh I'm not sure what we should still do though uh t let's see what all your tasks were finished, right? What you ha from your assistant. So let's Okay, I should I think I sh I still have the the total report to finish up. I think we took very little time now, because Yeah, we're in agreement, everything the design is okay. The one thing we missed though, we don't have a product name. How about you cook a how about you cook up a product name? Just oh, think of a catchy name. I'll be working on this until the beep until it beeps. So What? Fruit? You don't want it to resemble a banana. It's not yellow anyway. It's not yellow anymore. It is curved, but No, it's Hmm. Real Reaction future R_C_. Step into the future of of remote controlling your T_V_. No that's a that's a catchy slogan. Control your remote control. I go for future R_C_ probably. Something like It's short f Real reactor? Uh that that's That makes me think of different products than a remote control really. I'm not sure. Real reaction in a real Real reactor. Didn't notice. Mm. I take f yeah, take a banana. Hmm. No, not like that. It should be it should be longer, because it's not a product name that you f print on a box. Just write out triple, like a word triple R_C_, triple stripe Oh. Triple dash R_ dash s s C_. Yeah. R_ dash C_. Dash. Triple R_ or triple R_C_? How about do both? Sure if it looks stupid. Uh I think that the the R_C_ together takes away the the the image of it's a triple Uh the first the first one looks like it's a triple remote control, but it's only a single remote control. And it's especially on the triple R_ that's important. The Real Reaction Remote. Yeah, triple R_ yeah, you can Yeah, triple R_. Banana remote. I think we're all in agreement about the triple R_. I think triple R_ is cool. And it looks cool when you print it in font, looks pretty cool. Just like this just and you just print triple R_, it looks doesn't look bad, it's short, it's okay. So have to write my report now, I guess. Um Um Yeah, so we have everything. We have the product, we have the costs, we have the possibility of everything. Okay. I think it's adjourned. Retire to my lair and finish the report. That was a short meeting. But efficient though. Probably. See. Okay, goodbye. Could you guys draw me a picture of the final design to put on the cover of the report?
