Hello. So, are you d what were j you guys discussing? Okay. Did you find anything new? Mm-hmm. Great, great. Come on.. What's uh here. And there we are. What the f oh, yeah uh. It doesn't do what I want it Okay fine, that's too bad. Yeah, I have to start our 'Kay. Okay, go again. Well second phase, conceptual design. It's fine, everybody knows what we're talking about. So, take you past the minutes of last meeting again. Again you get your three presentate to see what you came up with. So too bad we don't have any finance information apparently. So that's too bad. So then we'll just have to d uh have to go on, you know, the information that we have to make the make final decisions on uh on a conceptual design. So Here we go. Anyway, last w last w what discussed last time, you all remember that, that we have to keep the electronics size in mind. Same goes for you. We have to have an easy design with big buttons which are durable and there are people actually spen willing to spend money to do to get more features and uh among those features L_C_D_ screen and voice recognition are very popular. So we have to make a move on that area, I guess. S especially s when when the new uh component is applicable in our uh product, we'll be fine. Anyways, well teletext wasn't important and that's what I took. And the consumer, yeah, we aim for young consumers, so that's fine. And well actually we yeah, we did need some more data on finances, but w yeah we still don't have that apparently. That's too bad. Yeah, we need to im de we are going to implement the beep and the flash thing to recover your remote. So one of these interchangeable covers apparently which will make it a more fashionable product. So anyway. Guess we'll have to do this after the after the you give your presentations. So I'll just close this one now, and let's uh let's see,. We have a lot to tell. You had a lot to go on. So uh how about you go first. Okay. Does it provide enough energy? Also if if we were choose the the L_C_D_ option, would it give enough energy Okay, that's the just assume it takes. Well, I'm not sure if it's shaken enough, because No, I don't think so, because uh watches can go on kinetic energy because they move all the time. But I'm sure t I mean remotes lie still I think like ninety nine percent of the time. So I don't think that's a really good the other alternative were solar cells. I don't think that's applicable because I thin why why shouldn't we take a basic battery? Why not? I mean everybody everybody knows how to use that. It's it's common. So and it's available everywhere. So why sh mm I think better. Yeah, but it's Yeah, uh it wasn't it wasn't in the options, a rechargeable m module actually. Okay yeah, b you c of course you could place re re-chargeable batteries. But that's up to the consumer himself. So Well, mm it's not in the list. So we cannot choose from it. So Okay, will just take regular batteries. Okay, we'll get back on that later. Just But what were the implications if you if put more curves it it's gets more expensive. Okay, so I think with with the extras that we had there it's two curves I suppose. Okay. Also decreases, okay. Okay. More than one curve, uh yeah okay. We'll just go uh 'Cause it yeah, I'm not sure. We'll discuss that later. Okay, we have so I think we can rule out um I'm not sure we can rule anything out. We'll do that when y when you get your design. No, wood i wood's not an option. Well it it's stylish, but we can yeah, but you can change your covers anyway. Yeah, is it keep in mind that it it's it's uh it fal uh remote controls fall a lot on the ground. So you don't want it to break. So either have rubber edges or a rubber remote control is very durable. But Continue. Don't have to be un-breakable, it's p it's a it's not supposed to ju yeah, break after one use. I mean it they they fall a lot. So Well, you have for if you if for example if you take hard plastic. If it falls it might crack. And rubber uh kind of softens the fall. I'm not sure if it's the it's the entire cover you change. Uh, it's could be. You know what, th we're focusing very much on the covers now. I think it's just w now we're going for the basic design. If we wanna expand our options, f be fashionable, then we can get changeable covers. But I think the basic thing let's just rule out wood for now and continue. We're definitely focussing on the younger people, 'cause that was our main goal. Okay okay, we will. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Evident. Yeah, o of course we're gonna use. But I didn't I didn't go on the thought of a scroll-wheel actually. I'm still deciding on what what what could you use it for. Maybe for volume control. Channel, I think that would be annoying because it might accidentally scroll onto another channel. I think a push-button for channel would be better. I mean it for volume control it's it's a smoother motion, you can just increase or decrease. But not sure. For channels will be good. I don't think so. I haven't I haven't taken it into consideration. I don't think we really need one.. But why do we need it? If we don't need it, why put it in your why put it in your in your if it's if it's not something people are looking for or is useful. Are they? Yeah, but if it's if it's not useful, I don't think it I don't think it gives an extra function to the remote. Anyway What you what what'd you get on the L_C_D_ screen? Is it expensive? Does it And how much more expensive is that? Or No absolute numbers, but it's just more expensive and takes more room I suppose in your in your design. Don't think it's an issue, okay. Oh let's go for let's say because it is uh very hot in n our target group I think, we should take it take it t to consideration to build an L_C_D_ screen in it. Okay. Which basically has the same functionality, but lacks the L_C_D_ screen. Okay. We'll pick a we'll pick from uh we'll just combine everything later. Mm-hmm. Once again I was would ask you if it's expensive, but apparently you don't have any data. So Well what d what was exact what you got on the on the new component? That's small. So we can implement it. So why why if it's small and we can imp why shouldn't we? And there's um get your mar marketing report? What was uh the last number of how many people were interested in voice recognition? Although it's hard for different countries of course. But you have to programme it yourself, I suppose, with your own voice. More than sixty percent of the people would like voice recognition. If it's small, if it's fits, if if people like it, why not? So Yeah, but we got some data on people that actually are int are interested in that, and I don't think a scroll-wheel offers new functionality, whereas speech recognition and L_C_D_ screen do offer new functionality in your product. Uh I think so, because if I think we're specially w if you're going maybe uh if you have the two editions you wanna wanna give out, probably you have one with uh with speech recognition and Um Yeah, hold on a minute. Were were you we're finished? Or Oh. Because if there's something that 'Cause have did you have all the materials? Or everything that you desc Okay, so uh just just go for design for now. Just m have a seat for a second. Uh We'll combine everything after this. Why is it s why is it squared? Why did you pick square? Or uh not square, but why is it yeah, sharp corners. Looks like a Star Trek phaser. It's true. Yeah. Or Okay, so just yeah, you can rest it on your finger. Okay. Mm-hmm. No, it just uh it's a curve inside a thing. So It's on the back. Yeah, I think it's okay. Keys are probably the n the number keys, I suppose. Okay. Well, you can work on the actual concept or actual design later with him. But Well, I think what you have to keep in mind is that um you're moving the the the number keys from the top. Uh in the the simple design you have them at a top, and the uh complex design you have them at the bottom. So it would that would give us a totally different design. So which actually making a whole different product instead of two different models. I think it would be very expensive to produce two whole different products. So Yeah, uh or for example, why did you pick the mm the numbers uh all the way below, and the and the channels and volume control Okay. That's fine. That's fine. Just as long as you tak took it into consideration what people would prefer. Uh, okay if you all agree, I'm fine with it. But Okay. Yeah, I think we'll I think we're going towards the deluxe edition anyway, because that seems to be what the people want. But let's see what's what they want now. Mm-hmm. That's mine. No, you should send it to the f to the folder first. Okay um, let's just assume we go to forty one. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think so. Okay. Okay, so we're definitely going for rubber. Let's just go Uh-huh. Nah, I think we're in this case you're losing the the focus on the young group, because we're that's what we're focussing on. So I think the spongy feel gives us rubber. Yeah, w th apparently Yeah, apparently yeah, maybe also yeah, I tend to disagree with with uh with a sharp form. I suppose it basi if you're uh saying fruits and vegetables, maybe it's supposed to be a little little more round. Yeah, for exa maybe like uh like a pear or something. That's what we're doing. Mm. I think shape is is important, because they s they really extend. Yeah, but now you have your your like your Star Trek phaser thing shaped control. So I I th the edges are really really sharp. I'm uh not su Or maybe just make it make it up into into a low a smooth curve instead of just less sharp twist on the outside. I think I think there needs to be a little I think it's too too sharp. The edges are too sharp. The bottom is fine of course if it's square. But maybe just th make uh the top a little round it off on the sides. So I mean y That would be two curves. One cur you could also make the curve go through of course. But that would make make the top round. But let's see, titanium would give us only one curve. So but we're not d we're not using titanium. Right, we did. So Just doodle something on the board on the left. Well actually, we're setting ourselves apart from by technology alone actually. So that let's see what you're doing. Oh, okay. I don't think like that. Not not really the curves on the on the side of the remote. Okay, now I uh of course now I understand why they have more uh like um Why the curves um decrease the the um the size the electronics that can be inside. So Okay. I don't think the outside would be called as a curve really. I think it's for all the basic well, looking from the side anyway. Well, if you see what I have to come up with some designs fast anyway. So Okay. Well, you shouldn't focus on the mostly on the covers, because lot of things we came up with, shouldn't be too really too much shouldn't be too focussed on the covers because it's kind of an idea of our own, but we're not sure if we can actually make that. That's the one thing I'm also afraid of with this one because it the edges are really um they might stick out on the on the side for example. If you have a basic design, a little m a little smaller on the on the s on the edges, you could put more covers on it, y one one with square or um sharp corners if you want to. So M just round it off a little, I guess, because so we have more options I suppose. I think so because it looks leaner and we should just go with that. Anyway, you have all the time in the world to make to make the final design in a minute with him. So So we decided on what what did you guys wanna know again because this is um anyway, I'll fire up my thing. So so we come to a decision. Uh what the Ah. Yeah. Okay, anyway. Uh energy, we choose regular regular batteries. The chip is advanced because we have the advanced features. The case, it will be the material will be rubber, suppose. Wouldn't the b the design we talked about. Uh user interface, type. Well I think we took all the components separately what we want. Um let's see um supplements. I'm not sure what they mean by that. Anyway, um apparently you guys, you should work together on the final design, both on internal and external design. So Yeah, you should you should probably find out how the product will fall into the market, how uh what's gonna happen with the final design as we have it now. So Yeah, of course you've got your specific instruction as usual. So Wanna spend some more um I think we're in a pretty much in agreement actually, which is good. So Lef let's see, where the pen go? Here. Yeah uh open your thing again. Let's see what if you can come up with anything new. Um I'll just do a next one. So what would give us your ne your design would be the lights would be on top, right? Uh one on each one on each side. Is it is it the lights for for finding the finding remote or lights that it that Yeah, I think that should just be a simple LED or something. Like that that's not that important of course. It just like a matter of a a beep if you pre that you just know that that there's context. So I don't think that's super important. But Hmm. Uh sh Oh. Let's see, I'll just make One light here. And just make it red now. But it could be any colour. So Okay, whatever. Fine, anyway. What do we have here? M I'll make it um are we gonna use square buttons or round ones actually? Personally I would prefer round ones. Yeah, for Okay. Okay, I assume it for so we take a r take a round power button right here. Whatever. Uh back to black. Uh not too big though. See this would be good. Um let's see. Are these for any extra controls? Okay. Okay. If we go for for round buttons in general, do we want to the menu key in the middle to be round? For example, if you let's see, put it this here. I think we'll go with the triangles that Come on. Triangles are good. Yeah, they're a little too big now. But Anyway, okay. So do you want for example a round button in the middle or square one? I'm not sure uh, I just just came up with it. This aligns nicely. So Okay. We'll just take the take the round button, suppose. Uh oh the square button, sorry. I suppose so. Okay. So there's our numbers. Think we need an extra button here of course for yeah, like you had for the higher numbers. And you could include a button here for the mute, I suppose. For something else, just to mirror mirror the effect with this. That's not necessary because it you can take this away, but there it looks like there's a hole there, just to mirror the effect. Okay, so we have a few Nah, I think it it would be nice to put the logo here, for example, if you have some buttons here. We could put a logo here because it's very always in your field of vision. If you're watching it, the L_C_D_ screen, blah blah. Well we could we could include either here or here, for example. But you think here or here? I know. No, we could put this one as favourite channel for exam What are these for? Okay. What? You're accustomed to eleven? My uh okay, have it your way. I mean, think this looks rather like like there's something missing for example. I mean why wouldn't you include a 'cause there is a um a piece of electronics under there anyway. So why not give it a function. Let's say I mean could be anything. But th No, I don't think because this is a zero. But you want zero to be mis-aligned with the rest. Anyway, so this is the basic design, we wanna have um on and off what are we missing? If it looks um Okay, so we want the remote to be the s the side view actually, what I'm gonna draw. So Um probably think you want the curve to be here. So have your finger under here like this, I suppose? Okay. Just gonna be sh Yeah. Want this straight or what? Let's keep it at this. So it would be like this. Do we want something interesting with it or see. Would give us a light here. Maybe it's boring. You want it curved or what? Maybe you want Should like this? Will give us design problem because we have It can be curved. Okay? I think so. That's why I asked you. Okay. So Oh crap. Yeah. Oh. Anyway, so you want to a little more like this? And just s s Stop the curve here or continue it So we have our L_C_D_ screen. Let's see. In Bana it's banana vision. So you have your L_C_D_ screen right here, suppose. Um that would make We use the colours now. But Um You got sponsor, now you get a free one with every pack of Chiquita. So it would give the buttons here. I suppose I suppose we can put um let's see. Um Uh I suppose we can put the batteries in here because it has the most space, for example. I don't think so because it's the biggest part of the uh of the uh Let's I think it's possible. I think it's the best place yeah, you could also put 'em here. But Okay, so we put the batteries here. That's fine. Yep. Blah. Um, any other com what what are we missing here? Something a speech recognition. Um where do we want the microphone, for example, to be? On the side or on the or, for example, on top? Like here. To be Okay, I w thought maybe it's either be here or because it's mi it might interfere with the transmitter, I'm not sure. But 'Cause transmitter would be here. Why uh once again, like you said, the component can be somewhere at the bottom while we wire the microphone up there. Anyway. Um yeah, it could be either be here or make a double microphone. I wouldn't mind. It's able to talk to you. A speaker sensor. I think so, it I think it could. Yeah. I mean it could be a all this stuff could be integrated into the L_C_D_ screen, which you could navigate with this, I suppose. Navigate through everything. If you have I think you sh I think the advanced options should be I think it sh the advanced option could also be integrated in the L_C_D_ screen, of course, because you don't have to have a button for everything. You can just navigate through th m your menu that you have here for advanced options with this. Think that would be fine. So that's w m would be making use of the L_C_D_ screen. Mm. Beep. Um, so the flashing of the beep, we have well anything. We could Yeah, but you could put a speaker or something on on the side for example. For how do you draw that again? Uh whatever, looks stupid. I think this is pretty I think you have to stay here because we are supposed to five minutes to finish the meeting. Oh, like my the info that I got was that you're uh we're gonna work on our own because you're gonna do the market market uh analysing I'm supposed to do the little work on the year-end report. So the project report. Hmm. Okay, I think we're everybody satisfied with the with the current design we have? So we're s supposed to be rubber. I think well, I think the the remote control is gonna be black because we we forgot to talk about I mean the the company colours are important apparently. So we have the logo up there. So are we gonna base colour is black? And yeah, of course we could use yellow buttons or yellow navigation or whatever. Yellow but yellow control. It's Okay. Well, don't don't stick yourself on the covers right now. But don't stick yourself on the cover because Nah. Yeah, but the info. I think we should go with uh with the company colour because what specific info that I got from the project board. So I think we should go with that. They want something trendy. I think we should th then take it take yellow. Take what you c yellow remote control. So let's see if if we can do the LED onto it. Uh oh. You know what? I'm not gonna do this. That's up to you guys. You doodle a doodle us a nice nice design for for the next meeting, we'll be done. I think we're all happy now. Yeah. Stupid scroll-wheel. 'Kay I'm not sure uh I really, I'm no I have no clue what we could use the scroll-wheel for. It takes space, a lot of space. And it could I'm not sure if it if it has no function, why even put it there? And th that's just so much things that make it look flash I think channel selection would be annoying because it just c you could scroll past the channel or Hmm.. No r no scroll-wheel. Okay. Um I don't see anything missing really. Yeah, we should too bad we don't have the finance. We could've Yeah, it's I'm not sure if we're if we're gonna get finance anyway because I thought we cou I thought it was gonna be an issue at the first time we started. I thought it was gonna be a cost issue which material we were gonna take relative to the advanced chips or anything. So you just do whatever you like and uh doesn't care what it costs. I think we're rubber is not expensive. Definitely. You can make rubber in any colour. In any colour. So I mean you can't make yellow titanium, but you can make yellow rubber. Uh yeah we can make uh for example it's just something you can click on it like uh that's but it's not som not apparently that's not something we're working with in the basic design. So. Yeah, it could be. It can be done, for e
Did you manage? Okay. Ah. Hello. No, just uh ask if if he could manage. I have a lot of new information. Hey, everything alright. Did you manage? Okay. Do you have a lot of new information? Do you have a lot of new information? That's true. Huh. Alright. I have a lot of new information. I have a complete list of uh everything that we can use, all the components that all av available. I have no I still don't have any finance information, but at least we have a lot more to go on now Yep, that's right. Let's see where my presentation is. Okay, um this I mentioned before. Every feature for our remote control needs to have their own operating electronic devices. We need to take care of that. Then warning, uh there has to be a chip in our remote control. And the chip requirements uh needed for a normal button uh is just a simple chip, uh scroll-wheel, and L_C_D_ is an advanced. Of course this is more expensive than this. So we have to decide on that in a minute. The available uh components for energy are, we have a basic battery, a hand an uh dynamo, like in uh old torches. We have a kin uh kinetic provision, then you have to shake the remote control to get the energy. And we have solar cells. I suggest that we uh decide on that one uh immediately. Then I have all lists. So My personal uh fav favourite is the kinetic provision because uh I ha I think so, yes. Yes. Yes. Because I had the information uh you take uh the remote control, you pick it up at least two times a day. So then it's already shaken and gives energy.. Or Think Hmm. Hmm. Other options are solar cells, hand dynamo and basic battery. Only basic battery? Okay, but I think this is not a r. Yeah. Yeah, but I think this rules out our unit our rechargeable unit. This is really a really basic battery, a normal battery. Huh? Okay, that's uh. Okay? Okay, but then we don't offer a re-chargement function. That's what it says. Exactly. Alright. Right. Yep. Next one is curving. Uh we can make a model that has one curve, two or three. And uh uh th uh the shape. Of course uh the more curves the more expensive. Exactly. Yes. Hmm. Hmm. I think one curve is uh fine. More expensive. More difficult to make. Exactly. And I believe even that the r the number of options we have on putting things in it uh goes down with exactly. Material. I have to offer a plastic, rubber, wood or titanium. Uh if we choose plastic, we cannot choose solar cells for energy. If we choose titanium, uh we cannot use more than one curve. But we don't have that so fast. Mm. Mm. Okay. No. But I think wood is not an option either. Okay. Hmm. Okay. My personal thought was uh rubber because I had an email, I believe it was from you, uh f against falling. Hmm. Okay. Uh Mm. Yeah. Mm. I think we have to decide on this anyway. Uh because if we make removeable covers, it has to be one of those mat materials. We have no more than this. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Alright. Then I proceed, but I need to know after this meeting. So Interface, uh I have four things to offer, pu uh normal push-buttons of course. Um uh we have a lot of expertise on that one. We have a large history, our company, on push-buttons. Scroll-wheels, uh those can be pushed as well, although that is more expensive. Um liquid crystal colour display and um What is this? Okay, and if we use rubber, I already mentioned that, we can only use rubber buttons. So rubber can only match with rubber. Which one of those are we gonna use? Push-buttons, that's b uh I think basic. Huh. No. I think the channels. Oh. Yeah.. Huh? Huh. Hmm. But Huh? Oh. Ah so but it looks cool. Mm no. Oh. Ah. flashy and yeah. I think would be cool, scroll-wheel. It's not that much uh if we take a normal scroll-wheel without the pushing, then it's not expensive. We can do that. Think. Ah we don't need it, but it's uh it's design a design thing. I think they are looking for that. Of course we have uh a young target group. So they might find that attractive in a remote con Okay. So push-buttons we will use. Uh L_C_D_ screen? Is that s Uh I only know that if we are using that, we need ano uh an advanced chip in it. And that is more expensive. I have no idea. I have no absolute numbers. I only have Yeah, but I don't think room is really an issue. Mm-hmm. Okay. Electronics, uh the first one is the chip. Uh that's no longer an option, it has to be an advanced one now. 'Cause we have the L_C_D_ screen. Then we have an infrared sender, I think that's basic, we cannot do without. Otherwise it's not s a remote control. And we have the sample sensor and speaker, the voice recognition thing. Are we gonna do that or not? I only have uh uh relative information. Oh how did you That goes also for the scroll-wheel, by the way. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. But don't we have any w uh information about scroll-wheel? Scroll-wheel. If people would like that. That's strange, because that's the same story. It's it's not necessary like an L_C_D_, but it's just it adds something to the design. Hmm. No. Oh that's r But I think uh we now already have to uh implement uh an advanced chip. So it's m No, but that's that's okay. There is still time. Yes, this was uh the last M_S_. I have a clear picture. Hmm. Hmm, I agree. Hmm. Hmm. No. Yeah, uh I agree. Okay, agreement. Mm-hmm. That's true. Hmm. Hmm. Oh, that's true. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But I think, according to my information, this would be two curves. We have one left and one right, and that disables what was it again? It's some it's something that we cannot do then. Okay, that's not a problem. That's only for the titanium. We don't have. Yes. Then w yeah, but we don't have that. So we have We have no. But they uh They th these wha are what they call the curves. This side, this side, this is how they count. No no. This is what they uh what they mean. Okay, that's not really a good. It's like this. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yep. So I can uh qui oh. I can quickly make a conclusion of what we have decided so far. Hmm. Hmm. Me too. Hmm. Hmm. I would prefer round. But doesn't matter, doesn't matter. That's not a big deal, think. Hmm. Hmm. Huh. It can be curved. Yes. I would curve the whole actually. I would curve the whole. Like um like it hangs over your hand a little bit. Then it will bounce and you don't drop it so easily. Yeah, something like that, yes. Yes, exactly. I think continue like that. Then there's also enough room for the electronics. Yeah. Let's make it yellow then. Uh Maybe once we can make a special edition in according with Chiquita. Have ourselves sponsored. Uh but it's a good trade-off for them if they can have their logo on it. Mm-hmm. They might wanna be the first ones to uh Oh, perhaps they can use it. Or give a special edition uh with with Mm. I think this is possible. Huh. It doesn't matter. You can actually uh place a chip for the L_C_D_ screen and at the bottom, and and wire it. Doesn't matter. I think on top. Mm-hmm. It is, I believe, also able to talk. I have a sample uh sample sensor and the speaker sensor. Uh the speaker sensor we already have, but s I don't know what they exactly mean by a sample sensor. Could it talk back? Like uh g uh give confirmation or something. I think it can. I think if you have a a speech recognition component, then a s speaking component is not that hard to to put in either. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. But Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. We already have a sound component, by the way, for the beep. So beep. Hmm. I'm not sure. I should be getting new information, I guess. Yes. But we have any company logo. We have yes, but and yellow. I would change. I would take a yellow remote control. To have it flashy, to have it it's for young people. Need do be different. Hmm. But we need to be different. Mm-hmm. Huh. It's either black cover with yellow buttons or vice versa. And I would say take a yellow cover and black buttons. To be different. Yeah, we have so many colours already. So Oh no, that I think it's good thing to be different than Well Mm-hmm. I still don't have my scroll-wheel though. Uh that's Nah, that's true. No, forget it. No look, it No, that's not my point. It's not because it's functional, but it's just to add to the design, to have it flashy. It it has no function, I agree. I agree. Oh, so many things have no function, just design. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Let's vote on it. Then we don't have to talk about it any longer. What do you want? In or out? Okay. You are out of course. You are okay, clear. I have all my answers, yes. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. There is I have one question. Hmm. Hmm. I only have one question with the material, but I don't have information that. We've chosen rubber. No, but can we make yellow rubber? I think so Okay. Mm. Okay. Hmm.
Yeah, sh not quite. You will see uh Woah. Yeah. Mm uh nothing special. Uh Yeah, the for uh the trendy uh stuff. A little bit. I uh now will show it. Okay. Yeah, I had the same. It just uh shuts itself down and Oh.. Yep. Mm uh-huh. I bet Oh okay. Um Yeah. A rechargeable maybe. Re rechargeable basi Yeah. Yep. Basic. Okay. Okay. But But It dep But Yeah. Yeah. Depends on the user. Yeah. Yeah. No. No. Are are we focussi focussing on on the But But Not that but are we focussing on the uh younger people or the elder people? Younger, okay. Yeah, that's okay. Nah, that's But But th the younger people my investigation turns out that the younger people want a little bit uh material that that is uh spongy and uh So A sc Yeah. Yeah, you get No. Scroll-wheel? Uh I don't know. Yeah, that's it. Yeah... For the future. Yeah. Yep Yep. Um uh The most of them um Um uh more than uh sixty percent. Yeah. Mean of uh seventy percent I think. Uh I'm I have to look it up. No. No, only Ah. I don't know. On the most spee But Yeah, for the future. Yeah. People Ri So only r right-handed. But it but it's only right-handed then. Not for the left. Or Where? Wher Oh in the back, okay. Oh yeah yeah. Okay. Oh yeah yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. I thought it Well it it's yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No it maybe it's better to look uh what the people want. So I can uh show my uh investigation. Yeah, maybe it's better. Especially for young people. Um where is that? Where is th Oh. Uh Yeah. Mm I forgot that. Okay, now it must be there. Yeah, here it is. Oh yeah. Okay, uh the investigation turns out that the most appear uh people want um um uh look and feel likes is uh uh the s the same as before, but it must be w a little bit fancier than uh the the look of it. Um the second important thing is um the it must be uh technol technological uh innova vative. So that's the L_C_D_ screen is perfect, I think, and not uh Yeah, tha that's uh very important. And a third thing is um yeah, it's uh should be easy to use, so not not too much bu buttons and uh channel selection. I think that's uh what you showed is uh perfect. And what the pe young people want is uh in Paris and and in Milan uh it showed out that the fruit and vegetables are uh are trendy. Th they you s you see it in the clothes and everything. And um the contrast uh of it, it must uh the the buttons must a little bit spongy material. So uh rubber, I think uh th that's the best. No. So we are uh we were focussing uh on the younger people. So the elder, yeah, they wanted a little bit of wood in it and uh that's uh th that's not uh important now. Yeah. Yeah, but Yeah. 'Cause uh n I I I I thought uh it makes a young uh classic remote with uh Yeah, that's why I I d uh decided With a fruit uh cover ov or something like that. Uh. Yeah, in in form of an uh vegetable or an uh fruit, maybe. And Oh, where is your A trendy Here he here you can put a Uh maybe it But Yeah. All uh veg uh fruit and vegetables are round. So it's better Yeah. Two? But it But it's that that's for the comfort. It's it's not for the trendy thing of it. Yeah? Okay, yeah. So the no. We m form. Yeah. But you can make uh if you want to use a fruit in uh in uh Uh Hey, you You can make it like Like this. Well Oh. As a example. But I d Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah And speech w recognition. Are we We Little uh voice uh Record and a uh no. Yeah. Form of fruit. It's better. Yeah. Yep. And what about Oh. What about a button for your uh favourite channel? Uh yeah. With the extra controls. Uh Uh one one set Yeah, you have to put it up uh One of the four. Uh, it's better than, I think. It's a favourite channel. What? Nee, uh one of the four uh It's better th Yeah. Hmm. Mm. Why? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yep. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah, it's perfect. Yeah. Okay. Top? W On there. No.. Mm-hmm.. Beep. Oh. Yep. Okay. Ah, that's fine. Round. Wh Why? It's the colour of a But, the you The young people want uh a trendy uh remote control. So colourful uh is Yeah. You have the basic colours, blue, green, red. Oh, it's okay. Yeah. Colourful, you you Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. You can Ah may But uh uh scroll for a channel s selection or volume Ma Oh okay. Oh okay. Out. I have to call this in a form. Ah. But we ha w we don't uh use our reco uh we uh removable cover? No, huh? Maybe maybe later, maybe we can uh
Well, I had just a little bit of time, so I hope it's something uh we can work with. But Hmm? Well, I heard that there was a new uh component speech recognition component, which was pretty much up to standard, so we might use that I put that in my drawing, but again I didn't not have that much time. So Okay, that's just super. Let me just uh You need to start it up first? Okay. Okay, what t Okay, yeah. Is that enough? Because I don't really see people shaking their remote control before using it. No. And what does the hand dynamo oh, sorry. Oh. Curves being? Of the remote control itself, okay. I was thinking along the line of one curve. I'll show that in my design. So we'll get back to that. Okay, I t I'd go for plastic because I have a couple of curves in my design. Well, g let's just get back to that. No, wood's not an option. No. Yeah, but it doesn't have to be unbreakable, because we do need to keep selling these thing Okay, well that that's definitely true. Because it well, ru will rubber actually protect the remote control itself? Because it Yeah, but then you buy a new cover. But rubber Okay. Yeah, of cour Yeah, but there is a is it really necessary 'cause a normal push-button can do that job. Yeah, but why would we use it? Perhaps. I have t I have two different Okay. I have two designs, one including uh an L_C_D_ screen, wh which is basically the deluxe edition. And then I also have a standard edition, which wi we can also choose to develop too. Exactly. But we'll Yep. Basically, it Oh, I got I got an email that it's relatively small. Yes, let me just Get back. Well, they b they basically can have speech recognition. I mainly focused on the L_C_D_ uh aspect. 'Cause you wanted to see them, right? So this is basically the deluxe edition. I j Why is it square? It 'cause it's designy. It's basically it has some futuristic Potentially, yeah. I don't really know. But I just thought that uh in normal remote controls you have like smooth curves and this and that, and this is something new, this is something different, something fresh. And basically what you can see here is that it has a little, yeah, let's say gap which you can put your finger in. So you can you can hold it really comfortable, that's basically the idea. Or left hand. I doesn't really matter. As you can see, this is the remote control Uh you can't really see it that well, but this is the L_C_D_ screen. So just imagine it goes that way. Then you can see you can hold it in your left or in your right hand. And I also made a quick image, 'cause I did not have that much time, of the standard edition which has basically the keys are pretty much the same. Yeah. I had to do this really fast. So excuse me for the uh inconvenience here, but as you can see, the keys moved. Yeah. So these are basically the two types we have. So if we were to select the L_C_D_ screen, the transmitter here, you can see the light i Well we can shift that. But normally, as you can see there, we put the uh number buttons right on top. Whereas because we had the L_C_D_ screen here, we had to move them downward, so what you could say is that Because these are basically the functions you use the most. So if you hold it in your hand like this, you put your finger in the gap, this is the m most easy part. Bit. For zapping, cau because people are zapping most of the time. Okay. So that's pretty much ha which I had in mind. As you can see here, this can be spaced for extra keys, which is the design thingys. Yeah. Speech recognition. Then rubber would be the best as a material indeed. If that is the uh It could be a c it could be a cover. But it's not. Our focus is the young audience. So let's stick to that. Yeah, but that's just more a se a seasonal, a trend thing. The idea now is is is that you can uh put a cover on it, for example, with fruit, like a shape or whatever. But not 'cause a n next year it will it'll be something completely different. And then you have your apple-shaped remote control, which is not trendy anymore. So I think that's more something you can focus Well, you can s What you can do is smooth the edges indeed. But that will bring extra c expenses. Well we've got we've got like one curve here. For the gap. And we could have one here. No, no no no no. What I'm just 'cause you mentioned that more curves the more expensive, so I'm just taking that into account. Well we picked rubber, right? So basically what we can do is m make these edges a little bit less sharp. But the problem then is that it will start to resemble m the remote controls as we have them today. We were looking at something fresh, something trendy Okay. Okay, so that's basically silly. But isn't the f the fruit like a cover thing, because we No, but But if we put that directly into the design, we limit ourselves extremely. Because it that's just for one seasonal trend. Okay, so that's well, that's probabl, you'd just like it to go a little bit more like this. Okay. Did you present e everything you wanted to? Okay. Uh we still need to decide on a couple of things you you needed to know. Are we all in agreement about the, well, the primary structure of the of my design? Except for the edges. Like the keys there. Yeah. To create a kind of disco effect when you That was basically what w Light for the finding of the remote. We can also use one light for showing that the signal is being sent. But So we have the teletext we have here, we have the mute. L_C_D_ screen. This is the on off button. Speech recognition, I where did I imagine. I did that pretty much over here, so that you could use it like this and speak to it. Then you have the uh extra keys for teletext, mute, two buttons which can be pretty much anything or nothing. We can also just not use them. Main controls and a key-pad. Will be fine. Yeah, but that would this was just in the design. Because if you I had a square design. So I had square buttons. But in that case the round buttons would be more appropriate. Yeah. The left one is teletext and the right one is mute. And these two buttons are or not necessary or Yeah, the triangles would be best indeed. I personally think that a round b button looks bit silly, but Does everybody agree on that? You prefer a round? Okay. Yeah, you can. But it but it's not necessary, becau We could put our logo there. Oh that could be that b Well now it's getting a little bit too crowded up there. So Is your So it can basically be the button down below or one of the four buttons up there. Because One of the four is better, I suppose. Because it's a little bit confusing to have twelve buttons down there, because you're only accustomed to eleven, I'd say. Oh, we still need an okay button. Well, you could also shift the two buttons to be nicely aligned. Oh, we're pretty much missing an okay button, but we have a button up there which is still free. So Yeah, pretty much. Well, I think it looks better curved. But that's probably uh It can be curved, because that yeah, it's a little bit more trendy to be curved. Hmm? But it pretty much looks like a banana already. Uh It's fruit. Yeah. Or they can design their own cover. We could set up a a marketing uh agreement. Won't that be a problem with the L_C_D_ screen? Yeah, but the L_C_D_ screen probably needs quite the chip. Okay. Okay, that's not a problem. Okay. I think we get the idea. Oh, basically the idea that I had was it to be pretty much in combination with the transmitter. 'Cause you can talk to it like this. Well, the email said it was a quite a small component. So I don't see that. It's a Well, the Yeah, but do you actually need the remote talking back? Beep. At the back, yeah. Like that. Or at the side. Which is. So what's basically edi the editi idea, sorry, now? We need to stay here and work out that. Well, I suppose we'll Pretty much. Yeah, but when you use covers, it basically easier to have a n have a neutral colour on the base. No, we're designing the remote control now, but taking that into consideration, it's better to have a neutral base colour than to have a flashy It is more trendy. That's definitely true. Oh, where would you like to put it? Uh you could use it for the channels and for the volume. But it's has no real added value. Yeah, but if it has no function, then Basically out. I don't see the Do you have all your answers? Okay. Yes, you can colour rubber, yeah.
