Okay, we Mm. Okay, that's fine. Um. Okay, now work a little with me. Okay. Well, let's start it as it is. Okay, uh the method. There are a few questions that need to be answered, uh you already uh talked about it a little bit. Which buttons are wanted, uh is our remote control universal or should it be programmable. Uh if it should be programmeab grammeale then we need um something like a mode that you can switch it. Because then the buttons have to send out a different signal then they would normally do. And uh how big is the remote control uh going to be? I'll tell you why that's important to me. Um there are a lot of technical parts in the remote control, so uh uh that's why I also would like to say uh go a little bit easy on the designs, uh I heard ab uh you talking about beeps and about uh video screens, but uh the material inside and the technical aspects are quite complex already. So keep in mind that everything that you keep uh think of, it has to b to be built. So it's that's not as easy as it s might look like. Uh material study, I'm working on that um for the the costs. I have to check out how far I can go with that. Normally, a circuit board is made of fibreglass uh and the wires are made of copper. Uh that is how it is done and all the remote controls work that way, I think we can just go on with that. Um then I've read more integration of materials means less cost for the production. The more we can make uh at once uh in one piece, uh that is cheaper. Exactly, so if we make a circuit board with the the connections already on it, then that's cheaper. So we have to make something that's not too difficult in design again. This is what look like uh looks like if you press one button, so this is not the entire thing. You have the the power coming in, then you have like a switch. The switch uh uh uh if you p press it then some electrical charge goes into the processor, that thinks over a Morse code, that's how you should see it. The Morse code goes to the amplifier, then uh the signal is sent to two uh light bulbs. You have infrared and an interv um uh how to say it? Uh a light in indication, light that you know that it's functioning. Uh here again, that's my story about the different modes, if you do want to make remote uh universal, then the processor has to uh make up a different Morse code when some button is pressed. That makes it much more complex, so we really need to have a look, do we want that or not. Uh I don't have any personal p uh preferences uh so far, except for uh the materials to be used uh light, that they are light. That was it. Hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. No, I think this is a good idea. But Go ahead. Y Yes, I think so too. Yeah. Okay, uh Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I have to check that out, I'm not sure. That must be possible. Ja. I'm sorry, whe where do you wanna hit the T_ you wanna we want a button on the television. In th okay, but that rules out a universal remote control. Because that's not possible uh. Uh. Yeah. Exactly. Okay, then uh I'd I'd like to know now if we want the uh universal remote control or not, because that's uh determines everything I'm gonna do. If not Okay. Okay, then I go for that. Yeah. Okay. No, it's fine with me, but then I know what to look for. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Exactly. I already noted that. Mm, okay. Okay. Hmm. If we uh make a remote control with changeable covers, then we can also make uh a cover for every language area. That's fo is uh especially for older people, that they can read it read it in their own language. That's okay, okay. Huh. Uh okay. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Okay. Uh but I know that the buttons are like a Nokia telephone on uh one sleeve, so you don't have to change your whole cover. Uh we can make something that you can only remove the sleeve. Know what I mean? It works the same as a Nokia telephone, it's it's in my uh 'kay. Exactly. Hmm. Mm. Yeah. I don't think so. No, I don't think so. Because the television needs to respond to the signal, and if it doesn't know how, it's Exactly, that's not possible. Hmm. Mm. Mm. But that might be broken. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm okay. Mm. But I think there must be a way uh to invoke the more complicated functions of a television. For instance, if your old remote control is broken and you buy ours, then uh you should be able to get everything out of the television that's in it. Because otherwise you'll lose functions by buying our Okay, I thi I think so too. And I think that our r remote control should not look like uh any other. For instance uh Sony makes all their remote controls exactly the same for all their devices, and you always grab the wrong one because formatting of the buttons is exactly the same, only the labels are different. We should not do that. Exactly. Mm that's your uh division. Hmm. Yeah. Perhaps we should also make uh something like a flash on it, if you if it's lost, for people that are deaf. They they won't hear the the beep. Yeah. Uh. Yeah, it's true, but it's it's only has to do so when you press the button that it's lost. So. deaf people? I have another idea, I'm not sure if it's possible. Mm. Yeah, me too. Shall we uh also look if it's possible to make a rechargeable remote? That you don't have to buy new batteries if every Mm, yeah. Uh. But that's already possible. Yes. Yes. Okay. Uh you could make a device, but I'm not sure how that uh is possible with the costs, that you can put in normal batteries, rechargeable, but it you're the remote also can act as a recharger. So then you can choose, you have every decision. Know what I mean? You can uh put in normal Penlites, rechargeable Penlites, but they can also be recharged with the remote, with a wire. So but But I think that will cost a lot. Uh a normal wire would be better. Like a like a P_D_A_, a hand-held. You can uh just put it in the electricity and it charges itself, you don't need basic station. Yes. That is possible, that's true. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yes. I'm going to try to find that out. I'm not sure if there's information available on this, but Hmm. These are uh comfort issues. So I think people will pay they wanted to pay for comfort. Well, this is comfort. Yes. Hmm. Yeah. Exactly. I think this is a brilliant product. I would buy it myself. Uh. I like the covers. That's a brilliant idea. I never thought I hope if I have information about that, I'm gonna Mm. Yeah. I would like to make a decision. What it costs and what kind of materials that we can uh choose what we want in it and exactly, I need it. Was it not possible to uh send emails around the office? Not. Yeah, okay. What uh what did you wanna say? Mm. Mm. Mm. But that's the question, is it? Because it needs to be configured in the television under the menu. If it isn't, then we cannot reach it. I think so too. I think so too. Uh isn't there a possibility to do research on that, so we know that for sure? If you rule out functions, then uh and that gets known, then people are not gonna buy it. Then the consumer bond or something says uh you cannot do this and that with it. That's a bad bad com commercial for okay. That's true. Hmm. Hmm. Did they really said it like that? Those two things. Do they realise how much that costs? That's almost undoable. No, that's that's. Even if i if we have this lost unit, then we cannot do it for that price. Yeah, that's true. Mm. Hmm. Uh. Uh I But I really need finance information. We all do. Mm. Uh. Hmm. And the design, it should differ. This is Philips, huh? Philips has this. Okay. Hmm. Uh. Mm. Oh, I realise if we make it small, then it needs to be a little thicker, because I need to put all the electronics in it. If we make it s uh smaller, uh less wide, then we need to m make it a little thicker, because I have to put all the electronics in it. No. Hmm. Me too. Ah but. Hmm. No. M I personally would prefer it on the top. Huh. But it Hmm. Mm. Hmm. They want it uh. We should just try to make that if it's possible. If it is possible we should really do it, but we need that information. Also keep in mind again, the L_C_D_ screen is very flat, but it needs transistors, resistors, I don't know what more and that needs space. So I have to look if that's possible. But if we Hmm. Hmm. If we have a a space issue, we can also lose one battery. It is rechargeable, so we can stick with one instead of two. That might be an option. Yeah, but if we need two batteries and an L_C_D_ screen, that means a lot of space that we need. But it has to be a little bit heavier. Okay. No, but the things behind it. space. Like a process uh. I like this one more. Mm. Mm. I'll try to. One more uh thing I'd like to say, uh let's give this uh a name, and not like some vague serial number that no one understands, like with cars. Shall we all try uh to think about a name? Good luck. Yeah, I've Do we uh save the?
Yes. Sorry, a little bit of pl little problem with computer.. Uh. Yeah, sure, no problem. Um there was a little problem with my computer so not uh the whole uh presentation uh Yeah. Um Okay, and I want to open the my s oh no. Oh no, that's okay. Uh slide show. Yes. The functional requirements, it's uh uh very important for uh the user, he he wants to yeah. The the method we used uh it it's not m not a slide, because it went wrong, but the method we use uh, um we tested it w uh with uh a hundred uh men, and we asked them to w uh what the remote uh f feel uh like and uh what what's uh important. Uh People, sorry. Both women and men, yeah. Okay. Uh the findings um uh seventy five percent of the users find most remote controls ugly. Um Yeah, and yeah, most th th they want to spend money for a better system, for better remote control, so we can do uh a l a little uh nice things with it, and um they use yeah, they use zap a lot, um uh fifty percent say they only So that's the most important things. Um oh yeah, not all of it is it on mine on my PowerPoint presentation, but um uh the relevant buttons are the power, the channel selection and the volume selection. It's uh the most basic buttons that a user wants uh to use. Uh less important is tel teletext, uh um they use it, but it's not uh very uh important uh on the scale of zero to ten they six and a half uh and but not important is the channel selection, the the hmm? Oh, the the no no no no no, that's very important, but uh w and not important in the audio settings, display settings and uh Yeah. Um new preferences preferences. Uh um um beep to find your control, was that was in the test, the the most people uh f find it uh irritating uh when they cannot find a rem their remote control, so uh I think it's a bee beep to sound it and uh you can find it. And another thing uh they want was uh speech recognition um so they can say uh what they want to let's go to channel one and uh that's uh kind of things. And they want maybe an uh L_C_D_ screen um to to look it um wh what's on every channel uh and uh what do I want with it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Uh my personal preferences is uh a button for my favourite channel, so I can uh I dunno, so I can zap to my uh f uh quick uh to my favourite channel wh what I uh so, the remote mu must see or um must um see wha what mine preferences are for which channel, so I can zap t to What? Yeah. Yeah. Recognise Yeah. Yeah, that's uh what my personal preference like. No, itself. Maybe it's easier to to sell it, but I don't know it's manageable, but we will uh we will see. Yeah, it's a little bit uh it's the end of it. It's a little bit uh I lost it, the computer uh crashed, so. Yeah. Darn computer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm uh. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. B Yeah, and they want to pay for it and uh With more Where with more technical specifications in the Yeah. Yeah. But oh? Yeah, with with an L_C_D_ screen you can Why? Nokia w Uh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm uh. Yeah. Um Everyone uh wants to buy it, so we w yeah. Yeah. Or one. Or when you say one two uh i it uh it's enough, right? But Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But b But every Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um yeah. And uh with different colours uh. Okay. Yeah. Uh. And a light uh Volume. Uh it's it's fine, I think. Oh d Yeah. Just And L_E_D_ uh on it. Just a light on it or Very important. Oh, that's It's And But you r And you are reading from the t you always read from the top to the the bottom of it. Yeah, so it's Yeah. So i it's sorry? No, it's no. Uh. Hmm. Or or with the volume selection. Around uh not uh not at top at the around the volume selection. I don't know where exactly, but Wha No. Yeah. Yeah, that's better. On the right. Yeah. Maybe it's more ex expensive. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah yeah. Yeah, that's g But Which Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, they want to pay for it. Yeah. Th uh there was not a el ask esque But But f hmm. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My computer crashed, so uh I lost my uh presentation, but I have the uh Yeah, but I Here I have the the s the homepage of uh our internet, and here is my here is my marketing report, maybe you ca you can look at uh that and Ah yeah. And one And uh wha what people want, I've uh I have another thing uh Yeah. Um Uh what I al already said is the the uh the remote controls are always lost, but it it's also for people, they want to learn it fast, not uh they want to No It's yeah, it's easy to learn wi and uh Um And The If Um If um Another thing I want to say is that uh we are looking at the market for the age uh younger than forty. Um on my report, I didn't uh ish I didn't show it in my uh presentation, because my computer crashed. Um they want to pay for an L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition. So i yeah. Yeah, and Yeah. Uh but If if they So uh we can We can look at the possibilities for an uh L_C_D_ and uh I dunno. Yeah. How much it will cost and Um It will come uh Yeah. Different colours maybe. But all Okay. If you're reading from top to bottom, I think it's better to put it uh at the top. It's j Uh. But i if you if you are going to uh put the L_C_D_ on it, I think it's very important to use it, uh because it's use it uh But nee the function of it. So you can use it maximum, because uh it's a lot it costs a lot. So Yeah. It's expensive to build it, so you must use the maximum of it. Huh. Uh. But uh Yeah, I know uh. In middle of it. In the middle. Yeah. It's the most import yeah.. Finish meeting now. It's on your computer. Uh. Or And uh what about speech recognition uh Yeah, yeah, but or or an L_C_D_ or an uh speech. I think it's L_C_D_ is better now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay, yeah, that's yeah, that's okay. Oh, good. Yeah. Same...
Oh, there he is. Go ahead. That's pretty shocking uh. Which channel selection? Oh, okay. Is that manageable? 'Cause it sounds pretty expensive too. Okay. Okay. Shall I go? Okay. So, some technical functions. Basically I have some issues which you discussed earlier. Uh let's just start with the method. It sounds really easy, what does the user do, what does the th remote control do, but there are quite some issues. So the things I'm going to concentrate on are the user aspect, because the technical aspect, that's pretty much covered. We can do that. What goes wrong at the user. Gets the remote control. Where is the remote control? We've all had it once, I want to watch some television, where's the remote control? That was one of your ideas which you posted in the network folder, a really good idea. Uh these are just the issues. I come to some uh personal experience, findings, possible solutions later. Searches for the button. There are many buttons on a remote control which are not clear. Uh so either we lose those or we try to make it a little bit more clear. Uh also symbols tend to fade after a while. There's nothing more annoying than faded symbols, because you don't know which channel is this button, so possibly we could find uh something for that, yes. Uh covered that. Oh yes, user presses the button. Um usually when you have a lot of buttons, buttons are small. So you press more once remote control goes kablouey or something like that, so we have to pay attention not to put too mun too many buttons on uh the remote control. And possibly also the size, so more important buttons, bigger si So this is basically what I h had in mind in the fade-proof symbols, locator, a sound, uh so clear we should stick to existing symbols, but maybe we could do a little uh investigation to see whether some symbols are uh need to be replaced by others. Uh This I pretty much covered. So what we want to go to is not this one, but more less buttons, easy, some bigger buttons. So that's basically uh what I had in mind. This is not the final design, this is just a general idea of how I'd like to see uh basically the general idea. So that was it. Yeah, I think it's a really good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Is it manageable? Is it easy? Yeah. And it costs too much to fabricate, so we're on a tight budget here. And it's Maybe just a slap-on sticker with a button which sends out a small signal. Yeah, exactly. And it's Besides that, the technology isn't really super yet, so that is a problem in implementing this. It's a good idea, but it's just not I don't think the market's ripe for that yet. But should the exchangeable covers include the buttons themselves or just the C that's a problem with the with the text then. Oh yeah, I know what you mean. Yeah. Pretty straightforward. Is it techni technically possible to uh send a signal to a television and then pops up a menu, because we're working with different types of television, so we're going to work with that? It's an in-built menu, isn't it? Yes. So basically we Or we could use a double-sided for less used functions you Yeah, with the cover. I it's basically an idea to overcome these issues, because No, but basic functions but functions which are not frequently used. Because if we use a universal remote control, we're going to have to have most buttons on it, so Yeah. Yeah, I have some ideas. I have some ideas. I'll put some on paper and present them next time uh the ideas that I have. I heard a beep go. Yeah, but we like some some curves or Yeah. Oh, we get the general ideas, yes. Yeah, and since you're holding it like this, I suggest you put the channel up channel down and volume yeah yeah. So you have the up channel the down channel the volume, do we want that horizontal or vertical? This is basically what people are accustomed to, so Yeah, but this is just a g general idea. Uh maybe the menu button can go i in the middle. Whoa. You won't be able to find it. We could make a combination that it goes beep and that you that some light lights up. So we have the basic channels we've got here, uh the power button somewhere over here? I usually press it on top. At least that's what I'm accustomed to. What would you like to? Okay, mute button. Is that somewhere here? Is that used often? The mute button? Do people use that often? 'Cause uh I'm pretty much accustomed to it right over here, at least in general, but It's not that important, no. Sure. That's pretty much what people are accustomed to, aren't they? Well, I'm accustomed to the channels being on top. But isn't that expensive in the entire package? But again, isn't that too expensive? 'Cause that means that we have to implement rechargeable batteries, a docking station And do people actually want that? To pay extra they want to pay for rechargeable? Can can we save this or Yeah. Could you post some other essentials of what people want, so that I can work with some buttons, where to put it You seem to have information on that, I'd like to uh see some of it. No, it's not. No. Oh, your computer. Okay. Well, I have your PowerPoint presentation, I can get some inf information out of that. Let's see. Oh, where would we Where would we want the uh teletext button? Because we decided that it's n not that important. Do we put it somewhere over here? Or maybe this is something for the next meeting, I can draw out some ideas. Yeah. Well, we have decided more or less the basic structure. I can put the other buttons in Yeah. Yeah. Maybe another idea uh. Yes, but it should cover all the functions, so possibly, just an idea that popped in Yeah, but we could go a step further, because some T_V_s have the uh possibility to adjust brightness, that kind of menus. Yes, but it Because we're making We need to adjust to the technology. True. No, I thi Oh, we're not going to be able to sell it for twenty-five then, with an L_C_D_ screen. Well I doubt it, but Well, I had basically Something like this. To make it kind of futuristic. So what kind of Yeah, sure. Now it's pretty much tucked away in your hand. I'm I'm still not convinced of the Yeah. So basically can I what we have to decide now is uh what goes on top. Do we put the volume control and the channel control here, or do we put it on he Would we like to press it in the middle? Yes, but we do agree that we keep this at the centre, because it's basically the most important function. Well, that would make them quite small. So maybe you'd put them here. Yes, but a big remote control probably not something which people would like. So would we like this or would we like the Let's see what we have here. Okay. So I think of a name. So Yes, go and finish up and I'll see you at lunch. Yeah.
Wait for the marketing director actually, so. Anyways. Uh. See, shall we wait? I'm not sure if he's late or delayed or whatever, so I'm gonna start soon, we have now don't have much time anyway. There you are, okay. Uh no problem. We're about to start, so have a seat. Okay, welcome again. Today, functional design phase. I'll take you over the minutes of last last meeting. Okay, that was just to get to know each other, have a little thoughts on what your vision is and on this project, so I put the minutes on the I made on the on the p the the project share, so if you wanna review them, they're there. I will do so after every meeting, so if you have some information you wanna take back you can find it there. Anyways, um today three presentations, from every one of you. Um after that I got some new project requirements from project board, so we're gonna go af go after over this later. But I wanna start with uh stuff you did first, so we can see what everybody came up with. And after that we can have the new requirements and share some thoughts, so. Who would like wanna go first? Take it. Anyway, let's see what you have. Uh it's still a bit open. You should close it on your own notebook, I guess. Yeah. So there? Okay. If I can cut in, is it people or men? Is it people, okay. 'Cause I thought it was only men, so 'Kay. So we have to s we have to do something about that. Okay. Okay, just talk ahead. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, that's okay. That's a little weird. Okay, we can we can hide those under a menu or something, okay. That's like a button on your T_V_? Remote, okay. Okay. We wanna have a little preview on the remote control. Preview what's on the channel. Okay. That sounds too It's possible, but uh I think it's expensive, but do continue. Okay, you don't set it yourself, it just remembers the channel that you are on most, for example. You want the you want it to be programmed, for example y programmed f or you want it to recognise your favourite channel? Let's see, you you spend twenty minutes each day on that channel, so it recognises your favourite channel. Okay, so it's it it does it recognise itself, you don't have to set it Okay. Okay. I see. Okay. No problem, it's it's okay, that's Yeah, go ahead. That seems very good. Mm-hmm. Okay, so have it more make it more durable actually. Okay. Okay, so the buttons should be Mm-hmm. Yeah. Wow. The s Yeah. Make it make them bigger. Even more durable uh. Okay. Yeah, it's true. Yeah, that's clear. No, of course uh Yeah. I must say that it Hmm. That was it. Okay, that was good. So we agree on the the part that we need to get something on the on the remote to find it somewhere and increase it the durability of of the thing, so The other aspects, we'll just see how what you came up with and what's possible for that budget. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Of course, hmm. You mean integrate them all into the circuit board. Okay. Yeah, okay. So you have Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. That was it? I'll get back to my thing then. Uh Okay, back this up to the screen. So I got some new information on the project specifications are changing a little. Like you said uh teletext is not not very popular anymore because the uh the internet, nowadays people don't use the teletext anymore or hardly, so it can either Well, I don't think we should remove the button, because there are always people who are using it. But I don't think it should be very it should be one of the big buttons for example. Just put it somewhere or under second option or whatever. It's not important anymore. Um we're targeting young people now, because our um This is a new product and with this new product we want to appeal to younger people, which are um the younger people were defined under forty. I so I think it's that's also good with the fashion and everything, so yeah. They want to pay for it, people are willing to spend money actually to buy a um remote that they like. If they like the way it looks, the way it functions, so they're actually gonna spend uh spend money on it. Yeah. see how far we can go with it anyway, so And one thing that should be important is that the corporate l colour and slogan are recognisable, which is apparently black and yellow, but I'm not sure if we I think we should keep the the logo in mind, because with colours you can uh have a lot of uh fashionable colours and everything on it, which suits everybody's taste. So With that concept I started thinking, so why not just steal Nokia's idea and just make changeable covers for your I mean those cost hardly anything I think, and people could even spend extra money on buying a cover and so have an entire new remote control that they like to see. Or we can sh for example we can make a different a basic design. And sell the covers separately, for example. That's just a little marketing idea that could be applied, so you can p it appeals to really everyone. So you don't have to I think you don't have to make entire remote controls. We make a basic one and manufacture this cover separately. So that was that was my idea on what we could do to appeal this product to everyone. So just I'm not sure if you came up with anything in the meantime, after making a presentation. Would you like to share? Okay. Oh yeah. I think we should lose the L_C_D_ screen, like you said. I think for example it's it's huge I think the L_C_D_ is huge, it consumes batteries like hell. I think it takes up a lot of a lot of power. It costs a lot, I think. What we could do, what could be possible, is maybe not an L_C_D_ screen but with a preview, but y I'm not sure if it's even possible. For example, a little T_V_ guide. Like you have a little just just a text only, not colour, just a little text thing so you can use your remote as a T_V_ guide. I'm not sure it's even possible, but maybe okay, make it Yeah, find a little compromise in that, but What did I write down? I think the p yeah, the beep is a very simple thing to imple implement, just make a button on your T_V_ and just hit the button, it beeps somewhere. I think it's easy to implement, we should go for that. Uh speech recognition. I thin Yeah, I mean where else should you put it? Yeah, but how are you gonna use that if your I mean if your remote control is lost, how are you gonna press where are you gonna press the button? A slap-on sticker. Oh, you mean as like a separate thing you can attach to your T_V_. Yeah, that could be possible. A little little box you can attach to your T_V_ is fine then, okay. I think it's universal. I think we should go for universal, because apparently we're a separate company making separate c remote controls to sell to a lot of diverse people. I think universal remote control should be possible. Yeah, I think we're targeting everyone, so remote Okay, universal is good. Speech recognition, I think it's very hard, because we're selling across multiple countries. So I think implementing speech recognition is such a small um apparatus, it's very hard to do. Yeah, but I don't see Arabian people speaking one, two uh whatever. It's Yeah. It's not a mature technology, I think it takes a lot of memory and everything in in a remote control, so I don't think it should be implemented in a remote control yet uh. What else do we have? Um well you should you should look into the in into the materials that are real durable. So the the the symbols won't fade, maybe a little harder plastic or especially li we don't maybe we don't have have to do all the buttons, but especially the ones that are um the popular buttons, so those always fade first. Mm the thing is the most important things that we have now. Let's see. For example? Well, we're not we're not targeting older people, we should remember that. Everything we target is under forty, so. You assume that that they read correctly and I think they're The most important thing about young people is that they're really sensitive to to trends that are passing through the world, so No, of course. No, I think it's just something you you put over them, because Yeah we c Yeah, you ca Well, tha that's not a that's not a bad that's not even it's not even a bad idea. I mean, for example, if you're if you're into the durability issue you could For example, if your buttons are faded, after I mean if you make a durable remote, they are faded, you can just buy a new cover. Uh I'm not sure it's it's hard to make. So it's a good and a bad idea. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I know, it's just just a one one piece of rubber for example, okay. Yeah, that's what I something I have to look into. Either either change both the buttons and and the cover or just the cover, I'm not sure which which is easier, so Um anyway, yeah, this is what we're gonna do afterwards, just lunch break and have more individual work after that, so let's see what we let's see we So you have to come up with a components concept, yeah. I want some you should do some trend-watching, because even if we're if we're gonna do those covers and everything, what people really want, that's what we need to know in this phase, because that's gonna be the essential final design that we're gonna come up with. Um Yeah, I think user interface is fairly obvious. I mean it should be very intuitive, s Yeah, it should speak for itself. Uh for example I bought a remote control last week with a new T_V_, it was it l it's like all buttons and you have no idea what it does at first, and I'm total T_V_ new, anyway. So I think it should be have less or l very little buttons and maybe a second second level menu for the advanced things. Or maybe just stick 'em under a menu, like you said the um the sound options and the surround and whatever, they're more complicated, just stick 'em under one menu and uh give it a just put it in in s in a software piece, you can menu and you can uh select everything you want to to set on your T_V_. That is true. No, that's true. Yeah, that's true. I'm not sure if it's impossible, but uh there's a chance it's not, so. A double-sided remote control? I don't think that's useful. Yeah, but then you're gonna have a lot of wasted buttons. For example you have a Sony T_V_ and the half of the buttons won't function if you have a for a Sony that won't for a Philips T_V_. I don't think we should Yeah, for exam I'm not s yeah, for ex you have to make it a little decision between the part if you want a universal remote control that it should do what people usually do with their T_V_s, not not the very complicated settings that you can usually do that with uh either a old old remote control if they really hate that thing, but you can't you cannot take into consideration all the different brands of T_V_s. I think there's I think there is a standard for example between uh because usually the the menu is the menu button is is usable between different brands. Especially the big ones, the big brands, so. 'Cause everybody I have a universal remote control and it can use the menu button, so I think I'm not sure, if you can put some research into that, if it's possible. Uh I think just a b and the navigation is very basic, it's usually the same thing. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. I think so uh we need to put some research into that if if we can open the menu, I think it's possible, just the way how to. Yeah, then then you could do everything I suppose, because usually the T_V_s have tha that inside in this other little piece of software, so it's okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah I think it should be a little distinct from everything else, because it's either it's both mayb maybe the shape can be a little different. Maybe it's a little more curves or whatever. So um Yeah, this. Not sure what because we have forty minutes, I'm not sure how much time we have left for the meeting anyway, so. Yeah, but it wasn't me, it was him closing something. So anyway, yeah, we could do some i do some work now on on the design for example. I mean what do you want, do you want, but Yeah, may maybe something like this. But though smooth inside. So you have the transmitter here for example. Let's see that you what would be handy. I think that the the buttons should be the channel buttons should be uh on their own. Let's see one, two God damn it. Yeah, okay. Another one here. Let's see what I think this should these are always on top of the of the control, so they should be here. Think it's like this. Withi within the Yeah, just take it. Do you take triangles or Um I think it should be I think it Maybe we should make 'em bigger or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, in the middle. It's it's usually uh there, but Mm. Yeah, but for example if it's lost in your armchair, we'll not see the flash. And flash takes up a lot of batteries again. Yeah. Yeah, I thought about for deaf people for example, so. We could do that. Uh let's see. Oh yeah, it's true. Um that thing should be central. You shouldn't be you uh shouldn't press it by accident, but it shouldn't be stacked away somewhere. Yeah. Yeah, like that's gonna work. Yeah, I thought maybe we should move the buttons down and put it here for example to From top to bottom. Yeah, that's true, you should I think the bu the power button should be on top, 'cause it's the first thing you do, turn it on. So power button on top. Um Mute. Do we hardly I think it should be at the bottom somewhere. Mute. Turn the sound off. I don't think it's important, but I think it I think it should be you c you could put it somewhere here. No, because it Yeah, people are accustomed to that, it's Can I have that? That's j Take this out and here see Uh are we gonna take triangles anyway? I'm drawing triangles, but Yeah, it's maybe a bigger lesser than thing. So anyway, I think this is should be the channels and or sh Here, okay. Okay, should we chan okay, this two, channel up and down. Well, for that is it's on one part it's um it's a good thing to recharge it Maybe we should what what could be possible is one with rechargeable batteries for example. You have just put Penlite batteries that are rechargeable, because it's an it's it's it's very annoying. I'm not sure y I'm not sure it's if it's expensive, but just take a look at it, because it might be a very good idea. Because if it's it's uh useful to have it rechargeable, but at the same time, if you don't want recha if you forgot to recharge it and you wanna watch T_V_ now, you wanna be able to put different batteries in it, use it now and not in half an hour. How about I think I have a nice idea. Not exactly uh. I think it's uh it's a pretty good idea to have uh like sort of a maybe a base station that you put on the T_V_. Could be flat, you could insert your uh remote into it. I'm not sure. A what? Well, we were talking about the fact that we wanted to insert either a beep or a flash into the thing with a little separate signal or So you could put that on a T_V_ for example. It could be very flat, could be very small. It's a very small Yeah, I'm drawing it big now, but So you can put your remote on flat for example. And at the backside of remote just just just a little hole for example um you just put it down, it recharges for example. I don't think it's very expensive. I'm not sure if it costs a lot, that that's what he r That's that you that's what you buy yourself. It's just an idea, we have to find out if it's possible. Do they want but they want a rechargeable one? I'm not sure, you should find out if it's if rechargeable is important. Yeah. They want to pay for comfort, we just assu we we could either make a separate station which just sends a signal to the remote control to either beep or flash to find it, um and Yeah, we have to either that or make it integrated with a with a docking station. I think it would be good actually. I like the beep part anyway. So um let's go through the Covers is covers is good. Yeah, it's Oh we can save this. Up and saved. We even saved the ant. Um Okay. So what we have is you have I think you have to do a lot of work on if it's possible for the cost. Maybe yeah, or maybe you can find out i what people are willing to pay. We are going for twenty five Euros sales price, but just try to find out what they're willing to pay for it, because if they're willing to pay more, we could lose a little profit and maybe attract more customers, uh we just have to see what it looks like. Yeah, if you have some financial information that that'd be nice, so. Hmm. No, it wasn't wasn't allo it was possible, not allowed, so. So that's um why I'm not sure that you're allowed to share documents on the on the draft. I don't care. I haven't heard any complaints yet, so. Um Yeah, the oh, they inc uh they include the new one. Or just for you. Oh no, I didn't have that. All it tells just let's make make a new tick the new one. Um other side. Yeah, let's increase it a little because Yeah, draw us up some some designs of of possible just keep in mind that the important buttons should be on top and either big, so the more less important More or less. Just play a little with this, put l shift a little up or down and we'll see what looks best. Or just po post your designs from time to time on the product share. Yeah, so we don't want we want very little buttons, just the buttons you use a lot. Well what we had function that what people do, so. People change channels, people they change the volume and they they change channel, they turn T_V_ off and on, for example. That's the basic fu that's what you do I'm not sure who present that again, but those are the basic function that people use it for, so those should be very well represented. That's true, but that's what we stick under the menu button. Everything is you say in every T_V_ that's configured under the menu. Yeah, but But I think most modern T_V_s have it in their menu. Uh we'll we'll see what we can come up with. Under forty. Yeah? Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. The want to pay for Oh. Uh shall we? Younger, age sixteen and forty five. That's all here, here it says Yeah, age sixteen forty fi interest in main features more critical. Okay, so we're not focusing on this. Um All the interest in features, not really the L_C_ oh here. Would you pay for uh speech recognition in a remote control. Hmm, okay? Speech recognition is quite Yeah, just look at the possibilities then, because if apparently it's what people want, it's supposed to be a luxurious remote, maybe it's not even that expensive. Or find a compromise, maybe just a black and white or for some extra information on it, on your programmes. Me too. I mean we all do. Right. I think it's something we should put into consideration. Apparently it's what people want, so. We should see if what it costs, if it's possible. Yeah. Yeah, we should do a little thing about design, because it looks boring really to me. Even if you put it even if you put a different cover on it, it looks still looks boring, so. I have no clue. I just drew something what which would fit into your hand easily. I think it's a very Sorry? Yeah? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but you have to j just keep in mind it shouldn't be too heavy. I mean we can stick it in in there, I think. Huh even if in the worst case we can even Could you give me the pen back? So let's say that people would want an L_C_D_ thing. Let's take take the basic design again, what we oh, crap uh came up with. I'll just make it a little bigger now. So a transmitter here. Anyway. We could let's say we have an L_C_D_ screen, people want an L_C_D_ screen. So then we should probably put it here. It doesn't have to be really big, but just just have to be has to be there. Think it's a good place, people don't No? It's not that uh it's not the most important function, it's just an extra thing, it just you press the buttons on top, because your finger is on top. How can you use an L_C_D_ screen? Yeah, but why I I'm not sure. Uh if you t if you press a button, you can see it, ri I'm not sure wha I'm trying to imagine myself what it would look like. You would prefer it n Okay. So we have three people saying it should be on top. Okay, but then you would would s have to stack away your buttons somewhere else. Anyways. Uh this looks a little About the L_C_D_s thing. Well if it if it's if it's possible wi if it's not too expensive, we should include it, because it's it's cool. Uh we have green now uh Or maybe we should m we could uh draw draw something a bit that has it on on on the bottom. Maybe in a circle for example, like we like in this example. I think this is not good, but for we could make circular buttons for example. For up and down, ma make it a circle on it, because it I think the channel button should be in the centre. Channel button should be st stick together, for example here in this section. Because it's uh We're not sure about the size anyway, just a general design. You can make it as big as you want. For example if you take uh No, let's see. For example just Yeah. I don't think if we if we even use an L_C_D_ screen, we need to, definitely. Yeah, but we have to see what the si what the size is. The L_C_D_ doesn't have to nee doesn't need to be very big. Mm let's see. Finish meeting now. Okay, we will. So either We either we have to decide what what people want. Either this one, this this could be the luxurious one. So we have channel buttons here. I'm just drawing something uh. Uh I think this would this would look cool. You could have it for example small buttons here for some extra functions, so if your basic function's here, we should like we decided before, programmes up and down, and volume here. Well you can just no, I'm not sure if we can do that, but we could put a microphone in here for example. Just to do research into both, w what it costs and what it takes for space. But let's cut the meeting for now yes. Yeah, let's think of a name, okay. Uh okay. Okay, at anyways, the the minutes will be on the on the web shortly, so there we go uh. Yeah, to all.
