Welcome back. Uh let me see. Okay. Roo, welcome back. The waiting is for Sebastian. There he is. Sorry? Uh no. You can't, sorry. Well, this is life. Sorry uh, Roo. Okay. Okay. People, welcome back with the second meeting. Um for now on the schedule are a few points. Uh first of all the opening, which we are doing now. Um second, I received um some new project requirements. I'm not sure if you received them as well, um but I will tell you about it. Um then um the three of you uh prepared a presentation, I think? Sebastian? Roo? Ruud? Almost, okay. Then we'll do your one uh uh as la uh the last. Um the top goal of this m Um we will figure that out. Ca can you try to Yeah, w we will see. Um it is, yeah. Yeah. Um the top goal of this meeting is to reach a decision on the product, on the target group um and and the functions of the remote control, so keep that in mind. Um we have forty minutes. So it's now Yep. Okay. Um the new project requirements, first of all, um we didn't speak about it, but we should not um support teletext in the remote, um because our b um board uh feels that uh teletext is out of date and internet is replacing teletext. So um we are not even going to try to um implement it in our product. It's a board decision. Um the remote control should only be used for television, because it's not uh f uh feasible, it's not uh w uh uh we we cannot make it because of the time to market um that we have to deal with. Uh the third requirement is that we should focus on customers that are younger than uh forty, which is important for you, uh Ruud, and as well for uh Roo. Because the product should um be uh interesting and and uh should be bought by people younger than forty. Um then for Roo, as well uh important, the corporate image should be recognisable in our product. So the colour colours and the slogan um do have to be uh in the product. Is that clear? Any questions on these requirements? No? Okay. Um the individual presentations, I th um Roo or Sebastian, who of you would like to start? Uh uh yeah. Okay, great. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh Ruud, did you get that? Okay, so the important thing here is In the market, yeah. Yeah, okay, w we will s we all uh Yeah. Okay. Sebastian. No, it's not visible. Yeah. Okay. So it's fairly easy. Okay. Okay, good. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, but but the question is whether um two or four buttons makes uh m makes such a difference in the costs if you already plan to uh include fancy lightning techniques, I guess. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Ruud. Okay well, we ar we are very curio curious to what the market um will feel about such a product. So any income is welcome. Input. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's interesting. Yeah, that's definitely interesting. It uh it separates our product from others uh as well. Okay, go on. Okay. So that's what the market tells us. Yep. Okay. Yep. Well maybe maybe like clapping in your hands, like um turning on and off the the the lights. Reports rep respend response to it. But uh th Yeah, because we do not have a a a a a home um Okay. So what about the clapping technique? Um because you se Well, you see it a lot in in light uh lightning uh uh Yeah, a peak. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Well uh Yeah. Yeah, m maybe um w we uh we do agree on on the thing that the remote should have such a function, if it's possible within the costs and all that kind of things. Um maybe Sebastian should have uh a detailed look later on and um come up with a solution, because that's his his field of expertise. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah, it's a distinction in the market. It's a different exactly. It's an uni an unique feature, and um I think um it's worth um uh looking and and probably more i interesting than uh than the lights. Yeah. Yeah. Well, um according to Ruud, um people do not use um all the extra features very very often. So Okay. Okay. Well, we we do have a wise board, so I'm not questioning that. Yeah. Okay, so on the relevance scale uh the channel selection, the volume selection and the teletext. Well, we skip that. Okay. No. Yeah. Uh uh uh I think we should go for the easier one. No. Yeah. Okay, Ruud, how do you feel about that? Uh do you agree, do you think the market would would respond to uh a simple Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Okay, so this is is kind of uh Yeah. But but are we not in in the in the manual uh I mean if you have few buttons, no display, um I mean uh I guess it's l it's working with with a shift functions and um one button can uh But but how does how does the remote uh report uh r uh give back to the user w in what state it is? Because we do not implement uh a user history. I know, but but if we use uh like a stick, for example, um Yeah. Uh and we could have other buttons for the for the advanced uh functions. Yeah, draw draw it on the board. Yeah, it can break down. Uh-huh. Okay, yeah. Okay, but w we still we're still in the question of uh um uh putting in advanced options. Um Ruud just told us um the market is interested in some advanced uh new techniques. Um however, uh keeping it simple is is important for the costs and all all those kind of things. We need to find a balance between uh the advanced techniques and and the user-friendliness. Um well, for we do have to uh decide this this meeting. Yeah. We need to um have the uh the user function uh the functions decided and um uh our target audience. Um well, I do not want a full uh it's not necessary to to have a full list, but I want um the kind of functions, for example uh th the most important are volume and uh programme selecting. Well, for example, that that's what we should think about. l how is the remote going to look? Not not in the user interface, but Yeah. A bit of a split mode. Uh l like Yeah. Dual channel watch. Okay, well um m maybe I should write that down. Uh Ruud, um what's your last name? Mielsen, because I I was writing it down in the last uh Mielsen. Right. Um I put all the minutes I make into the shared folder. So if you want to have a look at it, you know where to find it. Um Yeah, that's that's if you want to do it, Sebastian. Okay, um Okay, so so um uh Volume. Programme. Uh dual channel. Uh And and do we want um the ten digits? Yeah. I agree actually. But we do have thirteen different Dutch channels. Often. Well, it depends on the on the on the looks, on the on the You c you can d make them very fancy by um I mean Nokia, they have ten digits on their phones and it still looks very fancy. So I'm I'm I do not agree Uh Exactly, exactly. Okay, speech. Yeah. To find yeah. Uh If if we would um drop the ten digits but keep the programme and the volume, because maybe people do not always want to use their voice, um Yeah. But we do focus on younger people. We d it it's a board uh decision. Okay. Okay. Okay, g good. Okay. Mm. Yep. Okay. But But but can we manage it bu uh for the costs? Because it seems like a very Is a cradle very cheap? I know, b uh but there should be an adapter as well. Okay. Okay. We we have uh about ten minutes left this meeting. Um I would like to hear um maybe maybe you all have th uh things not um spoken about, yeah, but that are important. Uh Ruud, you you came up with the voice recognition uh data. Uh are there other things about the market we should know? Okay. Okay. Okay, so although we are focussing on younger people uh to make it uh profitable uh Profitable. We we yeah, we still need to take in account the the bit older people. Okay. O okay. Um Roo. Nothing to add. Sebastian? Yeah? Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, and that was the main issue, right? The the board Yeah. The board. No, it's th yeah. It's the other way around, yeah. It shouldn't be a big issue. Okay. I'm not sure how how we'll f uh determine the costs, I will have a look at it. Maybe you will get some information on that. Um I'm not sure how how that Yep. Okay, great. Um well, I think we're qui quite done. Um for now we will have the lunch break. Um I'm don't know how long the break will be, but we'll find out. Um then we will have thirty minutes of time to perform our individual work, uh and I'm sure your personal coaches will uh assist you with it. Um I will put the minutes I just made in the project documents folder. If you want to look at it um well, just do. Um the Interface Designer, um I would like to the next meeting I would like to receive the uh components concept. Uh Roo, um from you I would like to see Uh I'm sorry, yeah, I'm sorry. User Interface Designer, uh Roo, I would like to see the user interface c uh concept. And um Well, i it should be easy, that's w w what we concluded. It should be an easy interface with not so much buttons. S just a a p a p a volume and a programme one. And um um yeah, some some fancy lights. I think that's what we decided. No no no, we didn't but it shouldn't be integrated yeah, it's of course it's user interface, but um i I was talking about really the design of the No. We can decide the next meeting. Yep. Yeah. I guess all of you have i updated info. I'm sure the marketing expert will receive uh t uh you will do some trend watching. And I'm sure the market will um uh uh will change, adapt and um so we will see that. Um yeah, that's it for now. Any other questions or can we have the lunch? Yeah, okay. Good.
Hello. There's one of mine. Hello, Flores.. We have a slight problem. I opened uh the C_D_ ROM box uh guys. So just cancel it. Yeah, I opened the C_D_ ROM box. Accidentally. But it's alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But you can't upload your presentation from here, I believe. Okay. I don't think it's wireless here. Or it is. Yeah? Okay, great. Yeah. Time, yeah. Yes. Yeah, I'll start. Um Oh, how can I uh Geez, and sli and show. Um Just uh press it. Uh yes. Alright. Um well w we uh we had discussed this already in the fin in the previous uh discussion. Uh the method of the remote control is just the function of remote control is basically to send messages to the television set. So that was the main uh important thing what a remote control should do. Then I found uh two different kind of remote controls, the multi-function uh remote control with many possibilities, but um the lack of the feeling I already mentioned uh in the previous uh discussion. And the ease-of-use remote control with uh the less p possibilities but a great feeling in in touching the buttons. Um but um yeah. My personal preferences were ease of uh the easy to use remote control, because uh the user-friendliness and uh it can be more trendy in in user design. But um your new goal f was for uh people than less than forty years old. So maybe um the multi-function can be implemented in uh in our design. But it should b I think it should be a combination, but teletext buttons are not uh in our design. So it should uh take out, well, eight buttons or so. But my in my opinion, the the easy to use R_C_ is uh the best uh possi possibility for us. Yeah. And it's also i indeed uh uh Ruud's uh insight in the in the topic. Yeah, what what does the market want? I I don't know. Just for uh for user desi uh user uh friendliness I uh should choose for the the ease of use remote control. Scusi. Energies and uh Yeah. The glow in the dark uh concept uh we discussed. Succeed in it also. And what's the um if we use the LEDs, i does it use much more energy or Okay. For the same costs, it's can be uh in our Combined with the low-cost circuit board so it's uh Yeah. But I think Yeah, I think it's the same as in the cell phone, just light in in the device that that shines on all the buttons, and not for Yeah, but not for each button one LED, I think. Could you step a little bit more to the right? Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Sound signal. Yeah. The volume and uh the zap buttons are the mostly used. So Yeah, well it should just have a design The perfect design for those only those buttons. And first um Yeah. Yeah, the sound signal. Just one thing I'm just wondering, the sound signal, from where do you execute th the s sound? Another device is not a solution. It should be uh uh Yeah, but maybe you'll uh get some new technologies for it. Yeah, just like uh the phones the But but T_V_s don't have all uh uh buttons. Uh But I believe you will have an I'm convinced uh Sebastian will uh find uh one solution for us. But we can have just uh uh a home stat uh f a base station next to the T_V_. Just a little antenna or uh something. Well if you lost th I don't think people would bother walking to the T_V_ and press that button because they lost the their remote. Uh that's just uh just a base station next to the T_V_ is the best possibility. Yeah. And do we even uh prefer the sound above the the LEDs, the lightning uh function? It's a unique item uh It will be an a unique feature of our remote control. Yeah. And just about uh the user interface, I came up with um an easy remote control and an advanced remote control. What should we choose in in design? Well, the extra functions. Used option. Well, so it just th the basic functions. And we don't have to use it for D_V_D_ players uh and all kind of stuff. So Yeah. Just through uh the easy uh design. We can make uh a nice design when when there's not mu uh much buttons in it. So Uh just a few buttons, trendy design, nice lightning effects wh and the sound. Yeah, I don't know yet. But does it uh I then should n just use uh i instead of the stick, uh like many cell phones, just a round m well, should we just use a Um it's already uh oh, we have a blank. Oh. It's just an easy uh way of of a round button what which can be pushed in four directions. Instead of a stick. A stick is v vulnerab vulnerable when it's falling down or uh just a round uh button should be the trick, I think. Yeah. Geez. Well, volume and something uh like that. The programme up and down. And the vol yeah, the pen doesn't uh really does what I want. But I think our our next step to look at is just that. So I don't think it's um we have something to do. Uh we can't discuss it right now, because n no one of us have has the information to discuss about that, I think. Yes? Mm-hmm. 'Kay, but teletext is so uh is just scrapped. The ten digits. Oh, and just one function. The the the the programme to programme button, the switch to uh two channels, when you have uh something on channel four and something on channel six, just one button which which can uh change yeah. Yeah. Alright. Our B_S_C_ uh W_ uh The ten digits? Yeah, I believe so. Yeah. I wouldn't buy it personally. A remote control without the ten digits. Uh and I think the most Just elder elder people would would buy it, but Yep. The older people only use five of them. Yeah. On the design. Yeah. Yeah. So we have to i to make um a decision between the ten digits or the voice recognition. Mm-hmm. Twelve dollar fifty. I have nothing uh nothing to add, I think. But the cheaper the ch uh the the chip or th what was it? The circuit board. The fewer buttons you can use on it. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Well it then we should just uh take a look at the costs and uh especially for the voice recognition. No. We're done, I think. Me neither. Interface industrial. Yeah. Uh the only problem is it that it depends on the divisions the decis uh decisions Sebastian makes. About the voice recognition. Well Yeah. Yep. Adapt. That's it. 'Kay. I'll take the lunch.
Is there any time for a cup of coffee? Can I get a cup of coffee? Okay. Well, during my work I have no time either. So I think so too. It is. It is. Yes. Okay. Excuse me. Um Okay, it's still the right thing. Okay. Um well, there are some changes in the design requirements, so there are some changes in the method also. Um basically all this device has to do is send messages to a T_V_ set. And the m most easy way to do this is by uh sending pulses of infrared light to a T_V_ set. Well, I th I tried to uh implement a picture here, but it's hardly readable. Can you see it? No? Well Um, there's a energy source here. And um basically there it's connected to three things. The user interface connected to a chip, which is connected to the sender, which generates messages using uh infrared light, which are sent to the receiver. That's basically the idea. And there's a little picture, just for your imagination, how a device like this should look or can look. Okay. Um what have I found. Usually these kind of things consist of a battery, infrared diode, buttons, chips, and circuit board. That's all. It's cased together, nothing more than that. It's almost every piece of equipment um every piece of uh every T_V_ set is controlled infrared. There are some exceptions, but most of all have uh infrared controls. And uh the more luxury uh remote controls have lithium buttons. And I think that's what we w yes. In the and it's a little more a little bit more fancy also. So maybe we should consider that. Okay. I have a basic scheme of the things uh which are implemented. Um basically this is all there is. There's just one chip. There are a few buttons connected. Uh the buttons are lit. And the whole thing is transmitted by a infrared li diode, and there is not a power source here. So that's basically the total design of this piece of equipment. There's nothing more to it. It's fairly easy. It's been done many times before, and I think we should uh we should c s succeed in in our plan to do this. So Okay, so uh personally I think we should infra use infrared, because uh otherwise our device cannot uh communicate with uh almost every T_V_ set. So I think that uh should be clear. Uh another important point is uh we really should use uh energy uh sparse, friendly components. Uh there are specially uh designed um energy-friendly components which consume uh far less power than uh conventional components. And um if we want to use uh a rechargeable design or uh a energy-save design, we should really implement them. Um for cost-effectiveness, we should really use a very low-cost uh circuit board, um because most of the production cost are are in this uh part of the equipment. And um the money we save on using this we can use uh for elaborate fancy lighting uh techniques, blinking LEDs and all that kind of fancy stuff. I think our uh users will really uh will really like that. No, they're p f uh power friendly LEDs also. So we can use them. So that's no problem. Uh no, they're uh they're a little bit more expensive, but by uh um um making We can we can make its I think. Okay. Hmm. Yes. Well, it's not one light, it there are more lights in a in a in a mobile device. No no no, no. That's right, that's right. So well, this uh should be it. Um have a think about it. Mm. Or a find a finding function, you know. That's quite a yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, we should focus on that, I guess. Well, the technical uh there I think there are no technical difficulties. There's no um elaborate technique uh used in this uh kind of equipment. So um I don't think we have any hiccups there. So we can fully concentrate on developing a product that is really um what the market needs. So maybe it's a good idea to think about these buttons and and uh and a sound signal. Well Yes. Th that's a bit of that's a problem. Usually Oh yes. Yes. Well, there there are some devices who uh incorporate this technique already. Um there are video sets and um they have a special button, the find the remote control button. You press it and your T_V_ set starts to make a uh kind of weird sound, and your uh remote controls then start to beep. And um Yes. Yes, that's it. Yes, same thing. No, so we we should use something else. We do not control the T_V_ set so well. Yes, m yes. S and we b we want to make so it's is easy as possible for our customers, so we should think about It's quite complicated. Well, it's quite complicated. Because how can you separate the clapping sound from other sounds. Yes, yes. Well, basically the characteristics uh the characteristics of clapping is just an increase in the volume, the amplitude of the sound, which is uh generated a few times within a uh certain period of time. But there are many other sounds uh which are exactly the same from the point of view from a remote control. Yes, so we don't want that. Maybe we can Something like that. Well, is there not something f something more easily Well, I don't think uh. No, and y the the most important thing for people is that there's a central point to which they can go and uh b uh perform a a some kind of uh. And then uh the remote control uh reports itself, so w we should use have uh we should use something like that. You do not want another device, which can be uh everywhere in the house, which you have to find first before you can find your remote control. Yes, something like that. But that will be very costly, I think. So that's not a good idea. Mm-hmm. I will. Yes. Yes. But um before I do that I w I want to warn you that uh by implementing this kind of a function the technical design will become more complicated um and it will become more costly also. Because there will be additional components which which uh will be used. And there are some implepe imp Well, I I think so, because um when you have a p newspaper over your remote control, you cannot see it. So Okay. No, no. So that's out of the question. So I think also. Yes. Well, we should save costs uh by not implementing a lot of functions and uh the money that we can save from that we should use for uh having a nice design and uh thinking about the user interface and Yeah, that's right. Mm. Okay. Well, is it maybe there's another possibility. You can make it look like an easy s piece of equipment, but it's quite elaborated, uh because it has many functions. Maybe it's more important to make the make it look like a very uh friendly, easy to catch piece of equipment, but um nevertheless Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ok like that. Well, I was more thinking about a more elaborate way of controlling, by by these kinds of sticks or something like that. I don't know if if it's user-friendly. That's your field of expertise. Mm-hmm. There's no, but there's no way to do that, because we cannot implement that kind of the system. W Mm-hmm. Well, maybe we can use a light for that. When you move the stick to a to a position, maybe uh a light next to it can lit up. So you know I've just uh pushed the button, or I changed the channel or t uh turned up the volume. Something like that. Yes. Oh yeah, something like that. It's not really a stick, but Yes. Yes. Hmm. Yes, yes. And Yes, and this also looks more fancy, I think. I think it it will attract uh more uh uh public, I think. But you're the marketing man. Okay, that's good. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Do do you want a list of functions? Do you want an explicit list? Uh which uh incorporates all function available on the device? Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Change. Yes, yes. Yes. Well you're the secretary. Mm okay, but make a s make a sub-folder for it, because it's starting to fill up already. Sure.. Yes, that's important. Well, are are you sure? I'm not so sure. Well, that's complicated, but is that so relevant? Because I don't think but you should uh shou you should know that. If it were so. Okay, I can imagine when I can imagine when you're when you have a satellite decoder and and you have, well, about six hundred channels, I can imagine you want this. But if you're uh a regular T_V_ user, and you just want uh to watch the the Dutch television networks, well, you can uh you can use uh about ten buttons. That's enough. Well, but how how often do you watch all these channels? No, you're probably right. Okay. But I think these uh ten uh buttons look a bit dull. Don't you think? The design. Okay. Well, y then there should be should done be done something specific with it. Mm-hmm. Okay, so you can experiment by uh with with shape or with size or with colour, that kind of thing. Okay. Well, maybe it can be combined with the find the remote control. So um when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control, uh it's very easy to change uh the channel. That's one thing. And it's very easy uh to find your remote control. So maybe that's a possibility, but I'm afraid it will be a bit costly. But maybe when we uh Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Well. I I think it should uh should work, it sh we should manage that. Yes. Well, the voice recognition has the main adva has another advantage. It's mas it makes it very easy for us to implement the find uh find the remote control button uh remote control function. So that's that's a big advantage, I think. There's only one disadvantage uh by implementing this. Um the power saving power saving will be a bit more difficult. So we can expect that there will be a less longer life to the batteries. But maybe can we we can think something smart about it. There are some uh hybrid hybrid devices which incorporate a solar panel and rechargeable batteries. So when you just leave the device in a in a light room, it charges itself. You have to do nothing for it. Maybe, maybe not. I'll have to find that out. Yes. So No, that's very cheap. It's Oh, it's very cheap. That's no problem. It's just a a case with two uh metal contacts. It's Yes, but they're they're mass production. They're very cheap. So it will cost us p practically nothing. Yeah. Profitable. Um I just want to make a summary of all all things uh spoken and uh the different possibilities. Um so uh basically we've decided to implement a seemingly uh easy design. So on the outside it looks easy, but uh we can make it easy on the inside or elaborate on the inside. So that's one the those are the choices we have to make. But I think there's a big advantage in making it more elaborate by uh implementing uh speech techniques, uh voice recognition, that these kinds of things. Um it makes it also more uh attractable, I think, to our uh audience. Um there are some advantages and some disadvantages, and the main advantage is that we can implement uh fancy techniques, which uh I think our customers will like. The disadvantage is that there are some concerns about uh the the costs and um the things like uh battery lifetime, energy saving. Uh another advantage is that the circuit board will become much more easier if we do not do not implement these buttons. If we just add uh uh a chip which does the voice recognition, uh our circuit board will become even more cheap. So that's another well, it wa it w it was an issue, but we also thought that we already thought we should do it as cheaply as possible. And this even uh makes it more cheapy. So Mm-hmm. The circuit board. The fewer buttons you have, the ch ch the cheaper the circuit board, yes. And it's very cheap uh to incorporate uh uh an integrated circuit, a chip. So that's that's another advantage. So Yes, because I don't know Yes. I d I really don't know. So It can be costly. Maybe not. Yes. Yes, I al I I hope my personal coach will uh have a lo uh look at it. How nice. Well, we understand. Well Mm yes. So we drop the voice recognition? Or Oh. Okay. Well um do we really have to decide now or can we decide next meeting? Okay. Because I'll have some updated info on that uh Adapt. We can have the lunch.
Hello. Almost. Uh if it if it if it's wireless I could just uh put it in the. Uh okay. Yeah, uh b uh most. Oh, user-friendly. Well you could only lit uh the buttons the buttons that are used most. So, the channel switching. Or Hmm, true. Oh, mine is already outdated. Since uh Okay, make Well Uh then I'm sure the target market is uh ten million units. Of of which we should sell about uh forty percent to make the five million. But um since uh the other part is uh forty percent of the market, I uh thought earlier we might want to constrain that portion of the market. But uh since uh the requirements changed, that's uh not a good idea. Uh well, skip this. Well, it's this till true, of course. That they only use ten percent the buttons. The buttons to zap are used the about uh fifteen hundred times, when uh the power button is only used one time. And the volume button's only four times. So they're obv obviously uh the most important buttons. And uh lots of people complained they kin can't find their remote control. So we might want to build in a feature to uh support them. Some uh audio signal. Like uh home phones. Or Yeah. Well, I just said that. And uh well, this obvious, and he also said it. Uh that's about it, yes. Uh mo uh zap buttons most. Volume, they are uh use a lot. But more than all the other buttons. So Yeah, that's uh a problem. Yeah. Yeah. And you Yeah, and usually And even if the T_V_ set would have such a button, uh you would have to walk to your T_V_, and it's And b So if if you'd be watching a movie, it would constantly beep. Yeah. Yeah. I have the numbers r I have the numbers right here. Well, t uh we won't support teletext which which was the third-most the second-most used function. Uh well yeah, channel selection is obviously the most important. So Yeah. Yeah. So Nope. Uh well if we um include other uh innovative functions uh then they uh might, 'cause young people uh like new features. So And if you use that stick for volume control and channel uh selection, you have the m two most important functions in one uh button. Yeah. A younger uh Huh. And it's also quite easy to use, so it'll it uh attract younger people because well new, and it might attract older people because it's easy to use. Mielsen. Yeah. Well, if you want to go to channel ninety and you have th that button. Well But Yeah, and if if we And if we are targeting at the younger audience, they will probably watch more channels than the older people. So Well And And um there are some numbers about uh speech recognition here that uh younger people would like it. Uh it might be expensive and uh hard to implement, but it would be a solution uh for Yeah. Especially elder people uh don't like voice recognition. So then we should implement such a but Yes. M And uh if we if we could inc uh include a c a cradle in which it could recharge, then there wouldn't be uh a big problem. 'Cause when Yeah. Um I think we dealt with the most important information. Just that the younger part of uh the market isn't the forty percent we uh want to sell to. So we we should uh for least a bit uh look at the uh older people. But with uh buttons like that, which are easy to use, we uh might attract them too. So I don't think that's a big problem Yes. Yeah, profitable. Yes. Hmm. Left. Hmm. Yeah.
