Well I'll uh start just with another presentation, so then we can uh look at th at the agenda uh for this meeting. Okay. I've put some uh new things in the in the map. Uh oh. This is it. I don't know the shortcut, so Ah F_ five. Well our functional design meeting, that's the stage we're in. And you also ha all three of you have uh prepared something about it. Well um in we'll uh just have a look at the at the notes from the previous meeting, what we uh thought we had dec decided. But uh Uh then we'll uh look at uh the three uh presentations uh from you. I think you have prepared uh all three uh? Um we'll look at th the new project requirements we uh I dunno. Y you also have uh received that mail, the new project requirements from our bosses? Oh I've received a mail with uh some additional requirements, and I'll have a look if Well I think we should show them before your presentations, because it's not really uh smart uh to uh to include some things uh we can't, because of the new requirements. Well um then we can make some decisions about our remote control functions. We have to deb we have to decide it in this meeting what our function will be. And then uh we can discuss uh some more closely. Uh Uh yeah, I think so. Well uh the closing uh we'll not uh look at it yet. Um now I'll look at show this board. Um Well uh notes, first meeting. Now. I gave a disc a a presentation. Uh we familiarised ourself with the boards and then we discussed some first ideas. So we said that uh we have to merge the strong points from our uh competitors, and uh look at their uh remote controls. We should make it uh compatible with our new D_V_D_ and other releases we have, our technical releases. Uh not too many one buttons. One recognisable button in the middle, where you do the most important functions with. And um well they can have two functions, because uh you have a D_V_D_ and a television. Um the design has to fit the hand, be original, but also be familiar. It's uh one of our ideas. Yeah well that wa It's just thirty minutes ago, so it's not quite uh But well I have to do it. The materials uh well should be hard plastic with rubber from, and uh well the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible. It should be uh recognisable at all times. Yes. Well fronts were to be just like mobile telephones. And uh the technical aspects um And also labelling of the buttons, the functions should be universal standards. Well that's just uh some ideas from the first meeting. It's quite logical al all of it. Um now the new project requirements, I'll just show them. I got this mail from uh our bosses. Well, teletext goes out. We will not use teletext. Maybe a new sort of thing, but n but not teletext. Well the second is a bit sh pity because we just said we wanted to d include the D_V_D_ and they don't want it, because of our time we have for this project. So that's a shame, because uh especially for the third requirement we want to reach people under the thirty years. Because uh we don't have those customers a lot at th at this point. Um well it's a bit pity because it's just those people want to have uh one remote control for all those technical devices they can uh reach it. Yeah. Well and uh our corporate image should stay rec recognisable in our products. So uh we have to uh use uh maybe a slogan, maybe a colour, and um Yeah well uh on our remote controls the design has to be uh, well as we already said a actually, uh familiar. Uh not only just uh the shape but also our company. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. I I uh noted uh our uh slogan that we have, our company. It's uh we mm put the fashion in electronics. So maybe that's a slogan we can put uh somewhere on our remote control or something. Alright then um we're going to uh have three presentations. You want to start? Oh you have to start? I didn't see anything about uh who had to start. Well s then start. Okay. Well uh You already uh opened uh PowerPoint. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well It should actually uh It should actually be loose from the television, because it can also be used for other televisions. So if you deliver a small uh click-on device that you can put on your television, that bleeps to your remote control, everyone can use it. No you can click it on your television. Yeah in another room, yeah. Well yes. Yeah. Well we'll have a look at it, yeah. Yep. Well there sh should always be a menu, but it c can be very short. Yes okay. Well we are a design team, we can say to some uh writer uh make a manual point. So Well we'll have a look. Um yes? Yep. Well Well with twelve Euro fifty as production cost, we can't uh afford an L_C_D_ uh Yeah. Well Yeah well uh it's your your task to uh look into the costs uh of those uh Nigh I know. It's not yet a standard uh development uh those so We sh Yeah absolutely. Yep. 'Kay. Alright. Yes. Well you I c I can uh still see your presentation. It's in the Well uh next um I dunno who is next. You uh got uh Yes. Well go ahead. Yip. F_ five. F_ five. Click. Yep. Yeah. So it is also why we have to have a button that says uh I'm now busy with a D_V_D_ uh if we had done that. And a button for T_V_. So Well but but if you have um the most used buttons all in one place, and you keep making the same um well moves. But if y if you would put it at a different place, then you have to move your hands, and that's on of the things about R_S_I_. No but the most important buttons m maybe you can just put them a bit apart so you would reject R_ R_S_I_ R_S_I_. Yes I've saw that on m on mi mobile telephones they also have uh those buttons. Well it it's Well also i if someone puts picks up his uh remote Yeah. If someone puts up i uh picks up his remote, and he picks up it he he touches the side then he's a already on the next channel. That's very irritating, I think. Well. No. Yep. Mm-hmm. That's your part of the job. Yep. Okay. Well we understand. We understand. Oh right, no. Nice. Then uh Mike can uh give the third presentation. How late is did we start his presentation uh? Wha Yeah. Well then we have still the time, so But we do have to come to a decision, right later on. So Oh yeah? Uh? Okay, yeah well. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I like user-centred. Yeah. We also do that. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well absolutely, but i th they all have to have something about um the recognition from our company. So we cannot just uh make someone w No but that's th the side they look uh look at is the front. So if y if you make a a front with just a a tiger on it, then uh our recognition is totally gone. Yeah, we must. Yeah well and and Yes. 'Kay. Yeah yeah yeah. Or the th the the lowest part of the remote isn't changed by the front. Those kind of things. Yes. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Yeah? Well what if we um I at I at home have a remote that has um the most familiar uh buttons on the top, and the bottom side of the front has a little clip, a f a little uh You can click away and then you have f much more functions that most people don't use but s some do do. Well but because you say they their features are important, they want m um a lot, but not Yeah. Competitors. Yeah. Well maybe w we could uh s On um some uh calculators you have lo those little little L_C_D_ th that you can click on or something, or that you can click uh out uh of the remote. And if if that's gives you a little bit of sta status information. Yeah. Those kind of things, uh because you also have those uh those program recognition for your V_ V_C_R_s. And uh well if y if your remote picks that up also, you they can display which programme you're currently watching. Yeah. For example. It it could be such a little uh th that you can click in and out and you and you have it. Yeah. Well maybe. Yeah. Yeah. R_D_S_s or something. Well I think it's you got It just means it's a script that's uh keeps it uh rolling, and it's not uh That's five minutes off uh implementing time I think uh Yeah. No. Uh well I think so, yes. Um We're g No but we're we'll have to look into that. Um we can use this board again, I think. Uh we can put some um decisions about um the controls we want, th the issue. Where is my presentation? Uh Uh Well I mean we're all here now, I think. These I've already given you. So we have to decide on the different remote control functions. So we want to have a small L_C_D_ screen that's special. Yes. Yeah. That thing is terrible. Uh Well Well I th I think Mike Mike has a point, because um when when uh when I use a remote I l I hate the buttons but buttons at the at the bottom. So and and I I like to use the ones on the top. So when I u when I have to have an L_C_D_ s scr window Yes but we we we we don't want that. We don't want them to look like a calculator. We want to look it like our original but familiar Yea Maybe a bic uh better uh white uh We White? Width. Uh format yeah format? Line width? Width? Yeah? It's a bit off. Well. Well uh let's uh talk about that later uh It's special pen. Yeah. No. I think it should be at the button, bottom. Bottom. The L_C_D_. Yeah. Well but uh what what if we we first decide the different functions, and then look at the design. Because we have to decide this. Yeah. Yes. Well we have a power button. Guys? Guys? We have a power button, setting buttons, L_C_D_ window, the number buttons Uh Yes. Uh the mute button. I h love that one. Yes. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Well that's that's also design. Yes. Um Well h ho Yes. Yes. They are for some uh video uh Apart. So people have to move their hand. And they get less uh complaints of R_S_I_. That's what I always do, because all my i important buttons are the same place. Yes? Well not Yes. Uh-huh. Up and down far apart from each other? Well not too much. Well for example the power button, you can If someone is constantly z zapping, it's not going to miss, that it that the power button is not right beside it. Because I have someone But the buttons is way. So that one can be put away. The power button can uh be uh uh Yes. Oh man, five minutes. Yeah, well five minutes left. Yep. Um how are we going to do it with those numbers? Well I have it here. Yeah well that's going to take too too much time. Yes. Yes. Well the L_C_D_. Um you are Industrial, you are User Interface. So I think it's going to go to Mike. But you will have to make consensus with. Well Well it's a bit hard, because we are going to be uh individually. That's a bit uh Yes. Yes it is. Well what if we're going to now decide about the functions, and the design comes into the next round? Plus the d th the design round is still to come huh? Alright these functions. The number f Well yes, that's alright. W the number function. Are we going to uh do it like uh on Mike's screen with uh one button that says I'm going to do a t two number digital? How do you want it to do then? It it has to r recognise one as there could still come more. Yes. Alright so no button for that. Okay uh anyone any uh oth other functionalities of our uh remote? So No, we'd uh just said we didn't uh Well uh Um well because we can't integrate it with any other uh remotes, all those buttons on those pictures are uh irrelevant. So just for a television is that all we need? Teletext is gone. So all those buttons that ar are to do with teletext Oh screen placing. We'll have uh those uh buttons about uh And uh the two important ones we're l f forgetting. Uh there's um screen. You can make it wider and less wide. And the button that you can go to A_V_ for your video. Those two? But it's just two, and we make a clip? Th that's a bit uh waste. Yes. Or at the top. Your L_C_D_ screen is going to go. Yes. Yeah Well I think they should in an in an isolated part of the remote. Yes? Yes. Yes. Well any other uh Go to video, that's always on your remote control. To A_V_ uh to A_V_ A_V_ A_V_. Well l n no not at not at my remote. Yeah. Yes. I don't. I go to ninety-nine. Th that's the button uh No. No you can ch push zero. Yeah. Yeah, I I think that one button is uh I use it uh Yeah? These buttons, I don't have buttons for channel setting uh especially on my remote. It's it's incorporated with p m plus and down, uh those So we still have one uh four? Ch ch Okay. Oh the Okay button? Oh you always have in the centre an Okay button, for your menu. Menu button. Channel, setting, menu. We have to go. Okay. So um Save. Yes see. Yes I have put it in. Here. Alright. Guys? We're going to uh go to our uh rooms, and uh we'll have to decide s things on our own I think. So Well see you uh W w we have lunchtime, by the way, now uh so uh Lunch. Ah. We didn't exactly do everything but So
Great man. Who starts? Alright, great. Alright. Mm-hmm. Yes. 'Kay. Yeah. No. You're the only one. Alright. 'Kay. Alright. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. Yeah. But let's forget about it. It's just time-consuming, so we uh have to go on. Yes. Mm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think I have to start. Oh no, no problem. I I just have to uh to think which file's mine, 'cause I was uh bit in a hurry. I think it's this one. But I'm not sure. Hmm? Yeah. S Right. Yes. This is it. Well, I'm going to tell you something about functional requirements. Um to start with these points. Uh next sheet? Um at first I tell you something about what people dislike about the current uh controls, because it's uh a smart thing to exclude those things. Uh, furthermore it's very important what they do like and what they do use. Um then I tell something about um the most important issues. So we have to focus on those three thing three things. And in the end I'll um show you our target audience or our target product users, customers. Well, um the first findings are that people um think most controls are very kind of ug ugly. That's seventy five per cent of the current users. They don't like it, so we might think about fronts in that section. Um They also say, that's about uh I thought it was fifty per cent, uh that more money will be spent on uh better looking controls. So it's very important that you design a a nice looking control. Um the current user uses his machine just about well all of the time for a few functions. Uh, almost every user uses it d the the control for just ten per cent of its capacity. So it's really important to make the the buttons for the common uh tasks kind of big or kind of uh flashy. Furthermore, it's uh seventy five per cent of the users uh zaps a lot. Thus it might be uh might be smart to make a a big uh zapping button or something in the middle, so you can reach it with your thumb. Yeah, yeah right. Right. A lot of losers um users lose their controls in their in their living room. So it might be sensible to make some kind of a button on your television, that's your um your control beeps or something, that you can find this very easily. I dunno, maybe that's an idea. 'Cause it's uh a big I think fifty per cent of the users loses his its control, within the same room. So Yeah but what if you lose your click-on device? Yeah but if someone d somebody else uses it in ano other room or something? Nee but it it specifically says it's uh the the control is lost in the same room. So Well a beeping device would be Uh furthermore the learning time is a problem. Uh thirty four thirty four per cent um thinks it's it's too uh too difficult to learn. So the the learning curve should be very short uh for the dumbest people should be able to use it. Yeah but people don't read manuals. No. I think you should put more time in the in the design of uh pick up and use, than a manual. Yeah. Right. And it should be consistent with consistent with older remotes. Alright. And we don't have much time. So it's better to uh put our attention to the the design. So you can pick up and use it, than I think. Yeah right, right. Next point. Um R_S_I_. Well that's about twenty per cent I thought. But uh the designer should uh take it uh should uh Wie zeg ik dat? Yeah, consider the consequences of using your remote. It should be a good in your hand. Right, this is the most important part. Um, we're Like the requirements said, we're gonna specify of we're gonna target a younger audience. Um, that's about sixty per cent of the market, so it's uh quite important. Um research shows that they like to have a little L_C_D_ screen on their on their uh zapping uh device. Uh I thought it was the age between sixteen and twenty, ninety nine per cent of uh the people like that. So it's very important we should definitely have that in our uh designs. Yeah but they think it's really important. So if we want to s If we have a big If we make lots of uh of the stuff, maybe we can uh buy it very cheap, I dunno. We have to uh Yeah, I don't know. I don't have any information on that. So Right. And uh another thing is uh speech uh recognition. They also like that, but research is very uh costly. So Yeah, but it it might be important for the sale. Well I do think L_C_D_ is more reachable than the speech recognition. So we might consider L_C_D_ screens. Alright. Alright. Um, I think that's it. Um I think it is sensible to u uh to take this take these points into the notes. So you can Right. Yeah. Right. Alright. Next button. Oh right. Purple. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A bit. Maybe you can select it. So it uh inverts. the p the whole picture. Nah, uh never mind. Yeah. Alright. Right. Can I say something? Um I have a table here about uh the l the relevance of the buttons. Uh the power button is used very much, channel selection, volume and teletext. Well teletext is not an option, so that uh But I think it's very important to make um the power, channel and volume buttons uh near to the thumb, so you can't have R_S_I_ uh consequences. Right. Make them big, make them easy to uh to press. Right. Yeah, right. Right. Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. We But Yeah. That's very important. And But is that is that useable? Do people, uh when they pick up a remote, know that they have to do that? It's a f it's a new feature, you can make make a double feature l like a button on the top and under it. Yeah, he feels it immediately. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Right, continue. Sorry. Yeah, that's right. Alright. Alright. Yeah, it's clear. I dunno. I think uh w About twenty minutes ago? Losing time losing time. Yeah right. So I don't think so. Yeah right. These are already in use? Alright, okay. Well Yeah, me too. Mm. But we have to reject that, because of the requirements? Alright. Yeah, right. Yeah. But it Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's a must. We must have that. We can make a symbol of the company right here. And if you put a front on it, there's a hole on the front. So the symbol's always on Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But let's not focus on the front. Alright. Yeah, I agree. I've I've got another point. Um there are two target audi audiences, and we've uh chose for the younger one. Um, research has shown that um it's a high interested uh in features. They are high high interested in feature. But they are more critical. Fo Yeah, critical. So The younger audience. So we must um must design uh a control that really speaks to the people. Mm-hmm. Clip aren't used much. Yeah right. Yeah but Yeah. Here, look at these numbers. The newest features are, like I said, are uh L_C_D_ and uh speech uh control. Our audience, these people, are very like these uh features. You see? So we must build in something, or they will to uh go to the concurrent. The concurrent? Competitors, right. So, I do think we have to uh have some features. Even though they cost a little more. Right. Right. Like a ticker-tape. Which programme you are l watching or something. Yeah, right. Yeah right. No not clickable. Nah, no no no. Yeah, just at at the top. So when you s you sit like this you can can watch. I think it should be at the top. Yeah right. It's a ticker-tape idea. Well it's just one script. Yeah, five minutes of ja ja for programming. So I don't think that's the issue. Alright, we go with the L_C_D_ screen? 'Kay. Right, I don't know if I can find that, but Next time. Yeah right. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. We should have a general idea of how it's gonna look. Right. At the top. I think the top is more uh When you s How do you zap? You just sit in your chair? With the remote? Yeah but that's where your hand ball might be. Yeah, I dunno. We'll draw two, and then we'll see uh No Um he thinks Yeah, right. He thinks it's better to put the L_C_D_ at the bottom, and I think it's better at the top. But your Yeah. The the ticker The L_C_D_ is like like small. It's it's wide. It's not not high. But Yeah right. But We're making a remote with with a few functions you know. We High-tech. Width. Th that's not a problem. When I draw here it Oh. Huh? Yeah, it's off. It it needs to be calibrated again. Well Where? Alright, we have to make a decision now, because we don't have much time. Um I think we have uh a few functions, and we can put uh the L_C_D_ above it, and still have lots of room at the bottom, where you can put your hand. At the bot So We are two uh V_S_ two. Right. Great. And moreover I think that you two should be uh come to consensus about the L_C_D_ s. It's uh your it's your job. Yeah, right. Alright, let's keep it central. Mm. Right. You should put that uh power button, channel and volume should have the most uh importance. Yeah, but what he said about R_S_I_ was t kinda true. When when you uh put them all in the same place, the most used buttons, you're doing the same thing all the time, and that's just what R_S_I_'s all about. So it might be smarter to put them a little more away from each other. Um Frequency of uh button use. Um channels are uh most uh is most used within the hour. You can see. So the the channel uh channel buttons should be far far apart, I think, up and down. You thinking uh about R_S_I_? Y look at uh look at the frequency. Nei not too much, but Nei nei nei n I I totally agree. But just Yeah. Right. Yeah. I agree. And should and should be red. Right, just make some decisions. The most important things we have to uh I do think you have to keep you have to keep it central now. Just uh you decide that, you decide that, and ready. Yeah. Nei. We're No We're deciding now, so Top or bottom? Okay. Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah, okay. No. Do you still have the pictures over there? Yeah, that's about it. You do need the uh multi Or did uh No, like this one. You do need them? Yeah, I know. But are we Alright, alright uh Now okay. Right. Yeah, it's most useable this way. Yeah. Right. I do think we have to put that underneath a clip. Yeah. Okay, right. Well if you you take those th If you Yeah, but you can z you can zap t you can you can zap to the video channel from zero to uh Yeah, but when you zap down zero you get to A_V_. Ah uh well whatever,. Yeah, but if we're choosing to uh incorporate these buttons, you have to have uh channel setting, if you wa if you have a new T_V_. You have to set the channels. Right all th these uh different buttons you have to Ah, I do. Right. That's the only one we put uh in there. For a screen uh fu uh channel setting. Programme, right. Uh Ah. Great. Alright. Ah. Okay. Get into my belly.
Mm. Well, yeah. No. Oh. We have forty minutes for this uh discussion? Alright. Huh? Yeah. Mm-hmm, now it's right. It's meant to be easily wiped out, yeah. Mm-hmm. I I disagree, but uh it's not uh t it's not my place to disagree I guess. Oh, alright. Yeah, we are a real fashionable company. I read uh I read it on the I didn't know what company we were, but we we design uh especially trendy uh trendy trendy stuff. So it has to be uh a modern design. That's important to know, uh when you design a thing of course. Yeah. The order? No. You can zap away. Yeah. Oh. Oh? Mm-hmm. I think our uh user uh expert should also consider manual a manual for the remote, of course. Uh I didn't read it? Oh, alright. users to uh add one? Do you think? Mm-hmm. Yeah alright. Because they don't use it? Alright. Well maybe for the If you don't recognise a button who d who d who do I call uh wh when I don't know it? Isn't it part of the of the u No. No. Never mind. Consider the m Yeah. Mm-hmm. It's going to be expensive. Yeah. Well we'll uh consider it uh. We'll think abo we'll think No, we'll look we'll look into that later. Alright? We have very demanding clients. Yeah, yeah, alright. Well we'll consider both and and see what uh what what we can find, I think. We don't rule them out uh yet. Shall I give a technical talk? Alright. Well uh it is my task to uh explain uh or to point out a working design. We have that here. Okay, how do you enlarge it, so that you can have the F_ F_ five. Yep. Well, the working design, that's my uh Well alright uh, you know who I am and what I do. So uh we have this. It's a bit uh unclear because I wanted to copy paste something. It was originally in black and white but it became black and purple. But I think you can read it. Um well um I think it's important uh for you to realise the basic function of a remote control. Uh well you can see uh And I then can select I can select on the dings It goes to the next page. Well, you can read it, it's not too difficult. Meanwhile, this is a schematic uh um view of uh how a basic remote control works. You have uh basically uh the energy, the power of the of the remote control, uh and the sender, w which is the LED, the the the the the the the the the bulb that sends the the infrared beam to the, no, to the set. And uh the source is of course the user. Uh the user interface is um uh the the the buttons of course. And the the user interface sends uh the the different signals of the different buttons to the chip, and the chip uh sends it to the LED, and the LED sends it to the receiver. That's the that's the basic idea. Very basic. Um well I have uh uh put it in a in in in a a couple of basic steps. Uh the remote uh is basically just waiting for a user to press a key. It does nothing until uh of course uh the key is pressed. The key a signal to a chip, uh the chip senses the connection. uh and recognise the key. So well you understand. The chip uh produces Morse code, um a specific code to indicate that specific button that is pressed, of course. And it uses transistors in the in the remote control to amplify and to send uh that signal again to the to the LED, which is the bulb, of course. Now the LED produces an infrared beam and signals the, well it's uh very simple, and signals the uh signals to the sensor on the T_V_ set, and the T_V_ set uh also recognises the the the signal, and performs the assigned task. Ah bu Yeah, but we don't. Uh we No no, but Yeah. Exactly. Uh well this is uh the basic uh function of a remote. I've some couple of pictures here. It's a very basic one. And uh if we if we're going to add an uh an uh L_C_D_ screen to it, it uh won't look anything like this, but This is very basic uh basically the the shape of um of a remote control. It has uh very little buttons and But it it uh it's it's quite um Yeah, you can easily recognise the buttons. They're uh far enough apart and an anything. It's not very um uh not very high-tech uh indeed, and it's not very user-friendly. Uh if you look at the shape, it's uh just a simple long box uh shape. So we have to uh change a little bit uh to that, uh so that uh it becomes more user-friendly, and that uh problems like uh R_S_I_ and uh those kinds of thing don't don't oc don't occur. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because they are the the most important buttons and you can immediately You don't have to look and and search for them. Well you you can't have any uh every button under the thumb, of course. Yeah. Well,. But in e in any case the the basic function should be uh indeed, and as you say at the thumb. I think that's a good idea, and uh and that the less important uh buttons, like the the the different channels, uh the numbers one two three four five as well, should be uh yeah well not in reach, because uh they don't use it uh all the time. Well it's uh pretty pretty basically uh as you said. And I have some pictures of the inside workings, but uh I don't want to get too technical, because uh that's not uh very uh useful for you. So yeah exactly this is uh how it uh looks from the inside. And uh well that's about it I think. Oh yeah, I still have this. Oh I had to delete this, but I had to make a schematic uh of the of the new But I had too too little time, but uh don't uh don't look at it please. I I think it's it's clear uh how it works. Alright. That's the most important thing. Alright. Uh Right. Yeah, uh there are different uh We have all have different home pages, with different links. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You can't really see uh the differ from different sides. But I think uh Uh you can draw it if you Yeah. We can put it on the on the back side. Yeah, so that you don't replace the symbol, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mike, uh can you put uh that picture from me on the in the Word documents file? In Map? The younger uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think uh the most functions uh underneath that uh uh No um mm usually But Yeah I think m most Most uh Mm-hmm. Uh. Yeah. Our competitor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it it just signals the the different uh sig uh the different symbols on the screen you have, uh because if you change to s channel two you have two on the screen and two on your on your um on your L_C_D_ screen. But should it uh really be uh clickable, uh or or just integrate inside to try to make it d more trendy. But that's of course uh a bit more uh expensive than uh the basic uh calculator design, with the scrolling text and that kind of thing. Alright. Shouldn't we start with the most important parts? The L_C_D_ screen alright but we should start with the power button? Uh Huh? And then uh Maybe we should uh centralise the discussion here. I dunno what uh you were talking about but we are busy with something. Uh-huh. Why do you think it's better at the bottom? But you just can put uh the the the the the whole interface a bit down, so that there's room for the for the interface. Uh-huh. And and we can Bottom. Well that's a bit exaggerated. Well, I agree with you. It's it's also more recognisable. It looks more like a calculator to people, if you have the l the the the thing on top. Yeah w well, but uh you don't have to throw uh um important aspe important aspect like familiarity uh completely away, uh because I think it's uh I think it's still important to have it at the top, because it's uh it's more familiar that way. A little a little bit. Maybe you should another pen. Maybe that's uh better. You e you only have one pen for that screen. Yeah. Yeah. I I agree. Well I'm the I I'm the designer, so um Yeah. Uh we uh we were busy with that. Uh yeah we should uh summon the the different uh aspects of the thing. So, we have the power button. Yeah of course. Uh it's uh. Yeah. W wh While you have to agree, I can say it's like this and you must agree. Yeah. Channel, yeah. Volume control. Um Well let's look at your uh design. Uh Uh-huh. Yeah. But th th on this remote th these controls are for something else, a D_V_D_ player or something. So Yeah, it's it's also not good to completely stay in one position constantly with one hand. Y Yeah. It's good to move uh from time to time. Yeah. No but now y W would we have to choose a way in middle? Mm-hmm. Oh. Far apart? I think you can have the two buttons of up and down close together, but you don't have uh have to have volume control and and zapping button close together. Yeah. C c can you make you make We can use uh the drawing board now, I think. Uh it it doesn't work well but But it it would be pretty pretty uh nice if we could just draw a simple thing. Mm. Alright. Well uh yeah I I still think it's it's quite important though to uh to have it at the top, so Yeah. You say familiarity isn't important but Yeah d Yeah. As we we we we agreed, we do have a L_C_D_. So that's that's enough. Yeah. There's one two three four five six six seven eight nine zero. Oh, like that. Um They'd recognise it. Th that's the most That that's very easy. Yeah. I think these are the the most important functions. basic function. Oh yeah. Uh just two just two under uh under uh I I think uh But you you can put uh two or three buttons under uh another section. Uh that's that's too complicated. You can just put it somewhere They they aren't used much, not as much as those other, so you can put it somewhere Yeah s bit smaller and s Well uh and and I think more at the bottom. Yeah. Yeah or at the top, yeah. What do you think uh those those buttons? Above or down? And w where? Well we design it later. We have it, and we design later where everything goes. Yeah. The the video channel uh? No no not always. Ze yeah zero is a different channel than uh the the video channel. But it's easy to go If you are at uh at channel uh fifty five and you want to uh go immediately to the video channel, you do you have to push a to to get below zero. It's more easy to get to uh where the specific uh video channel button. Yeah well uh d different screen settings a Yeah, sk Yeah y you you you you have screen width. Yeah to uh oh yeah of course to configure the programme the Yeah. Yeah. You should Yeah. I think that's important. Uh And and the settings to change the brightness the settings to change the brightness and the contrast. Channel, yeah. Chief? Chief? Th the menu menu button is also important. Then you can uh Where? I don't see it. Oh Menu, alright. In the menu. And you can uh then adjust it with the zapping buttons or something. Because uh the zapping buttons aren't used then if you are in the menu. Yeah. Or the volume, yeah. Yes chief. Yeah this is this is your thing. I am hungry. See you later mate.
Mm. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's a shame. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. No. I don't think Yeah. Yes you should You should could take a look at it and and and know how it how it's supposed to work. Yeah but nobody reads a manual about a remote control, I think. Yeah right. It sh it should be there, the manual. But but not to explain how the remote works. Only Hmm. No. I think that's uh difficult to realise also. No and we have customers in multiple uh countries I think. Yeah. No. Oh you go. Yeah, go ahead. High tech. You can also like Yeah, I was thinking you can Are some of the the the um Maybe you can make, for for channel changing, two little buttons on the side of the remote, so you can just do like this. Like some uh little uh Gameboy things or some Hmm? Well Yeah alright, but Yeah, but if you s say them up and down, they they'll understand it, I think. Eighty per cent would. Yeah that's true. Yeah but Mm. Well I thought um everybody on the website uh would see the same thing, but obviously that's not the case. Yeah. For instance you couldn't see this. Um Yeah. Well I'm Mike, User Interface Designer. The the method? Well I used my own experience with remotes, took a good l look uh at the remotes on the corporate website, which are these two. Um Yes, these are from from another uh manufacturer. Um This one is engineering-centred, so this one has the most functions and um things. This one is user-centred. Um I like user-centr centred uh uh also the best. Um Well, I thought uh that we uh reduce the the option to control the D_V_D_ also, and teletext and that kind of stuff. Uh so I thought we we we would use more or need more buttons than this one. But Yes. Th that's why this mm is not relevant any more I feel. Um I think this is about the maximum number of buttons uh we'll need. I um I kinda like the shape. I think this is what we talked about. But No I've Well I showed it somewhere. Um Oh yeah. I think we should go further with the idea of a removable front. So we can can uh yeah customise the Mm? Yeah. It's a front. It's not the the whole remote that changes, of course. You can Mm. Or you can you can can put the same symbol on on every remote. So l like Ericsson does every uh S something like this. It's recognisable. Um Yeah? Yeah yeah. Something like that, in the Yeah. Yeah. Um Well so uh uh like I said I thought we'd we'd use more function. If we we had to include more functions. But we don't. So um Yeah. I think this is about the maximum number of buttons we need. Maybe some less. Like eject we don't need, and some other buttons we don't need. I think uh Yeah, I will. I think uh for the remote um uh less is more. The less buttons the better the design. Um We should go with that concept I think. I know. Mm. Yeah, but what kind of features? Like L_C_D_ screens and voice recognition. But I've Yeah, that's nice. Yeah, we should keep that simple too. It will No, it should be uh integrated. I think Yeah, something like on um some radios in car. You Where it's, yeah, walking to Yeah. Wa Yeah. Yeah well we we we still need to know how much that will cost. Or maybe you will get that information uh Yeah. At the top or at the bottom? Yeah but Yeah but with with the L_C_D_ screen on the top it gets a bit unnatural. 'Cause most remotes have some space left at the bottom. Yeah, no Mm. Uh well because most uh remotes have um some space left at the bottom, and that way you can keep the shape recognisable for everybody. I c Well I d I think that's that's ugly but I th Yeah. Power button always Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, y you gotta zap like this or you want to Yeah. Yeah you don't want You want uh Yeah it it it must be a remote. Yeah. At the bottom? In a few minutes Oh yeah, oh yeah, I totally agree. Yeah. He's the boss. No it's our job. For all of us I think. The ten numbers? Yeah? Volume? I think we we should use something like this um to um The the channel up and channel down button? Yeah, in circle, you know? And and a volume control also in it. Yes, as I already said, we could drop some of these buttons. Yeah. I think these should be in one big circle in the middle. Yeah but people don't like it when their buttons are all over the place. They they need to be centred. Volume hardly. No I don't think. Yeah but Yeah but No. The other the other two uh frustrations are far more important. So Well they are used four times an hour, so Power bu button should be left at the top. Mm. Yeah. Well consensus, um We we can put it in the middle, so Alright. No. Well just when you push a one one and No, if you On most T_V_s if you uh press two numbers shortly after each other, d it Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We we can make make uh a little row of like four buttons down here. Or at Yeah alright then. Oh, they can be small or round like buttons. Why go to video? That's just zero. Yeah. Yeah, but you can can zap down Yes, I think th No, then you press ninety nine. I think go to video is an irrelevant button, but Yeah well y you must have. Yeah you yeah you have one one button from s set frequency o or something, and then with plus and min minus you can uh adjust the uh Yeah, alright. I think things like uh contrast and brightness should be um in the menu, yeah. Yeah, the Or the volume or something like that. Your pen. I thought we'd uh lunch uh right now, or not? Yeah, lunch break.
