Hello. Yes, I made it. English from now on. Drawing or Yeah. Ooh it works. Spicy. Where are are all the other presentations? The conceptual or Ah. Because I see only my own presentation yeah. This? I'll just put it in there. Or not. Ah, I can't cut and paste it into the other folder but Move to meeting room. Yeah. Yeah me too,. Yeah. Yes. Me first again or yeah. Alright. Did you open it already or no. Ah. Ah. Yes. So welcome to the marketing presentation once again. Um this time about trendwatching. Uh well there has been inv investigation again, in the in the remote control market. Uh it shows a number of developments. Uh I will address them uh in a moment. Um fashion watch watchers uh have detected the trends for young public, because that's our public. Um well fruit and vegetables will be will be the most important theme for clothing, uh shoes and furniture. And the feel of the material is expected to be spongey. So um the developments I will address them oh yeah well this is the fruit and vegetables looks of fresh bright colours. So to give you an idea. Um well the developments? Uh development one. Uh well most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look-and-feel. Instead of the current uh functional look-and-feel. Um well fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and the interface. And the second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological uh innovative. Um well it stands for the use of technical features that do not exist in current remote controls. I think we pretty much covered that with our screen and um and speech recognition, so I don't expect that to be a problem. And the third development um is that the remote control should be easy to use. Um Well the first aspect uh was twice as important as the second aspect,w which was twice as important as the third aspect. So um that kind of gets you this ratios. So fancy look-and-feel uh is the most important uh point of attention. Uh so the fruits and vegetables in combination with the spongey material. Um well technolog technological innovation, we've covered that pretty much I guess. Um and easy to use, I don't think that will be problem. So my point of attention is especially this part. That this will be a crux. So that was the marketing uh presentation. I had only one document left. So kind of this So a k a small example. Kind of this this look. Uh nothing about the buttons but just sponge kind of thing, and and some fruit and colours I dunno. Just made a quick design. Alright. Yeah. It's okay. F_ five. Yeah. Wi an indoors. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I guess we can only choose one. Yeah. And it's more fun. Yeah, just playing with it and especially when the material's rubber. It can be done, I mean, you can't harm it, so it's a perfect combination I guess. Yeah. So So double curved is like this, this, this, or Mm. Yeah. Also in in height? Yeah okay. Yeah with the programme. And and the and the buttons that you need to control it, I guess. Yeah. Back and okay. No. Rubber material. So that's uh is that is that the advanced chip? Wow. Yeah. Alright. Kinetic. Double curved.. The cost of making it should be twelve and a half? Yeah, so it's cheap. Um well the interface type supplements. If you go to your homepage or something, you should get your own information. I got my fresh and fyoo fruity uh picture uh also uh over there, so No. Too less time. Yeah, also the menu. Yeah that that w Yeah. Yeah I was thinking of that also, with with a with a uh arrow. So that indicates that there's an menu under that menu. So Oh yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Cool. S underwater uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. Also a kind of rubber uh Yeah. That should be nice. So s Yeah there's only in in this dimension. Like this. So curvy or not. Yeah so we keep it singly c single curved then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So from top view it looks kinda like this. But from the side you you can have it also in a kind of shape. Maybe because the the screen is on top you can have Maybe you can c have this kind of shape. A little upwards. So that the screen is more towards yourself, so you can easily see your screen. Well well you have it in your hand so it's a kind of an angle from your eyes to the screen. So then you have double double curved in some way. So this this is so the screen is positioned over here. Oh. Something like that. And the buttons are more, well it's very thick now but That's uh that's Yeah? That that you can press it and then it comes up? Or But then the side view can be straight. If you have a pop-up screen. But I dunno if that's too expensive. I mean maybe it's too much Oh the advanced buttons. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So okay b but you have t you need some button to flip this open. Yeah. Yeah and it says menu and it flips open and then you have the buttons to control it, in combination with your True. It uh c it can go open. An adv an adv and it will be covered in some kind of uh thin rubber layer or something like that. Yeah, uh It's very no it's very strong. Yeah. Yeah the lower part doesn't work I guess, so maybe you should try it over there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but but that's optional for later I guess. I mean, we have to make Yeah we we better so choose one Yeah so okay we should better choose one sh one shape. But that's the kind of the idea, so it lays good in the hand, and then on on the side with with your thumb, you you can you can use, yeah, you can use the button option Spongey. Spongey can be reached by means of Yeah. And and the and the control thngs in the middle? The the the arrows? Yeah and then numbers. Yeah. Alright. Uh pretty nice design. Yeah. Yeah it looks uh pretty fancy.. Uh bananas wierd shape and other fruits also, so it's better to have um some sort of basic print and then a fruit print in some primary uh colours. I don't know what what colours should the basic print be like? Like some soft green or something? Or and then Oh yeah yeah, dark blue and then and then very bright, uh a yellow banana, an orange, uh a green apple, stuff like that, with very uh bright tones I guess. So you have something like Yeah. Mm. That doesn't really work. To draw, I guess. Oh. What's this? Right. Hm. Yeah. Two hours further. thickness. Oh. Oh. Wh why not go for the twenty? Yeah. That's what I call painting. So that's that's a dark blue basic colour I guess. It's pretty nice. And then uh Oh Yeah with some some yellow banana Like. Yeah? How do you mean? Some some Yeah an orange. Well alright well this is more like purple I guess, but it's should be more real dark blue, so the contrast with the with the fruit objects is uh pretty high. So uh yeah. That would be a nice uh nice device I guess. I mean, the the colour of the background of the display? Ah well I don't guess it s has to be a sixty uh sixty six five thousand uh colour, so yeah too expensive. So just just a a blue blue backlight or something like that. Green is too old-fashioned. But blue, blue's okay. J White backlight, and dark. Yeah. Whatever which is visible. I know you sh you should test it under uh under a light conditions. I mean it's hard to tell uh I dunno. Yeah. True. Which which uh colour should the buttons be? Why adjustable? No uh But maybe I mean they have to they have to have some colour right? And if the background is very dark blue Yeah? So more like Doesn't work very well. Uh. More like this colour. And then then yellow and orange and red objects on it or something. But then then again, which colour should the buttons be? The the press buttons. Should they be white or black or Uh Yeah but it's pretty fresh, on the other side. Yeah. My couch is in that colour. Yeah. Well it works pretty well. And then time was up. Uh. That you have five minutes left or So something like this. That should be pretty nice colour. But maybe the buttons, all buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colourblind people. Because the of the green. Yeah. Yeah? Yeah. Okay. So red buttons are okay? How do you mean? Yeah. No that's that's too busy I guess. You better bet better better keep the LED and the button itself in the same colour I guess. So just an extra bit of light and attention. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Of the product? Which we don't have yet. So wh how should I do that? Oh okay. Or you you or you send it to me. Or just because you are going to design it on this board right? Yeah. I I probably get instruction on that, how to do that, so I make another presentation I guess. I kn I know what's gonna happen in in yeah so I've a basic idea. Yeah. Yeah. Alright so that's uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. On the left. S so, yeah. Yeah. This? Uh pretty accurate. Oh we skip this I guess. Sound button press. Light only button user ca user interaction. Yeah. Yeah. So the pl the plastic plastic buttons also help uh because of um they are only lit during interaction. So Well it's a good thing that the buttons aren't um, well that they are plastic, because then you can light up the light on when when they are usable. Maybe you should draw it very large like this. Oh right. Erase? Yeah. Much easier, yeah. I don't see a sign that the meeting is over yet but Yeah. Oh. Wrong one. Alright. But we we I is it if if this is from the side woah. Steady. Because there the screen goes up like that right? So then it's like this, or that's not convenient because then you have the screen like this and look like the it's better to have it somewhat like this. Or does it flip all the way? It's better to to have this like this I guess, and then flip it like this. Yeah. So w yeah. But we still keep the flipping mechanism. Yeah. Yeah but maybe Yeah but maybe we we should then Yeah there the middle Sh sh shouldn't we integrate it? And then like i oh th doh. Come on. So this is the shape. Oh. It hasn't Okay but the screen is a bit lower because if it falls on the other side, it doesn't fall on the screen. So there's a layer of rubber on the side. So no flipping but just no. Throwing and the kinetics. Oh. We better make we better make it like this. Eventually. Yeah. Uh they are responsible enough to have a mobile phone, so also to to deal with their uh remote uh control. Yes. Yeah? Ooh. Yeah. Alright. Good. Yeah. We should work in our own room right? Or not? Yeah. Yes. See you two in half an hour uh
. Just kidding. So annoying. I just put it in the in the shared folder so it should be yeah I think so. Yeah, conceptual design. What or whatever does it No no no, can you go back one? Uh 'cause it has to be PowerPoint pre yeah components design, that's it.. I did get a bit more done than the last time, 'cause I knew that I didn't have time so I just copy and paste everything into the Sometimes I have these pop-ups or these sounds and there's nothing there, and also with I don't know how to use PowerPoint, so it takes me forever to get something done with it. Yeah. Thi Mm-hmm. Who wants to start? Sound. Yeah yeah uh uh. Yeah. And shall I go first? So I Yeah? Alright. Uh components. Oh no. Yeah true. Um Alright. So I'm dealing with the components design. Um let's see. I uh used some design examples we had uh from similar products. And I used uh possibilities from our manufacturing department about current components which will have to be implemented in the design. That's why I had to, wanted to go first. Well they gave me um an idea about what people want. We're f mainly focusing on this group, but I want to make the distinction clear. Uh I could not drag the pictures into the the slides so s so I don't have examples of how it looks like. But it comes down to what you uh what you think we should do with the spongey and the fruity looking uh type. If you, the young dynamic people want soft primary colours uh, which looks like fruits you know, you can and shapes that are curved and not uh solid straight lines anymore. So this basically um yeah goes on to what you were mentioning earlier. There is a lot of um factors involved in choosing the components. There's a lot of options that we have to discuss. Uh for example the energy source. we have four types. The basic battery. Uh we have a hand dynamo, which we yeah we Dutch refer to it as the kneipgatt. Uh the kinetic provision of energy which means if you move the thing, if you shake it. Which will be fun for toddlers right, if they wanna use the And uh of course solar cells. But I dunno how we would use that into the design of the actual product. So uh my yeah also also in you know countries where there's n isn't much light like in Scandinavia, they wouldn't be y able to use it half of the year you know. So that's not cool either. So um for the uh a case, there's uh the traditional uncurved flat hard case. Single curved, which means that it has uh curves in one dimension. Or the double curved. Um I wasn't able to finish my uh personal preferences sheet, but well you know that we will have to go for the double curved 'cause it's daring and different from what we have now. Uh the case materials. Well we have all kinds of hard uh materials like the the hard plastic, the wood and the titanium. I would definitely go for rubber 'cause it fits most in what people wanna see nowadays. Um poo, this is a lot of text. I wasn't able to organise this yet. We have yeah several uh interface designs. Uh we can use a scroll buttons for the menus, but we already kind of decided to go for the f for the pushbuttons, for the the arrow buttons. So that's not really interesting. Electronics? Yeah, maybe we wanna decide on what electronics to use the advanced chip I think is easiest to implement uh for the production, 'cause they they can print it better. Um Yeah. I think this is about it. Yeah I was working on some per personal preferences. I first uh chose for the battery, 'cause yeah I'm traditional and that's the most obvious, easiest choice to go to. But I really think that we should maybe uh think about the kinetic energy, where you have to move the thing to be able to use it. Yeah maybe we I can imagine that the kinetic uh type energy source would be more expensive to make. But it is more longlasting, that the people don't have to ever buy batteries again. And it's also more fun yeah. I always chuck my uh remote control around, so Yeah y exactly. You don't have to be scared about bouncing it off the g floor and breaking it or whatever. So that's the end of it. Uh go ahead. No it means curved in two dimensions. So uh w single curved? Uh let's say would be a b square box, but then with curves on one dimension. And double curved would means that it would have curves curves in every direction. Like three D_. Yeah. Design? I And rubber. Rubber material. Yeah we need the the chip on print to be able to support the the screen and uh and f audio function. Yeah. Yeah. Otherwise you would have a simple chip, just for pressing buttons. But we need more. I'm just thinking, this is not my department, but I I'm not sure what this is gonna cost, to be able to m So 'cause we need to sell it for twenty five Euro a piece. That's gonna be difficult huh? Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Child labour man, we love it. Um let me see. Wait a sec. Yeah I'm going there now. Inspiration. Well Um yeah maybe it's Maybe it's easier Yeah. Yeah perfect. Maybe it's easier if you guys come over here. S see this is the the the standard traditional type, where the form uh yeah serves the function, you know. It's like really basic. But this m is more appealing to old people and we don't want that. This is what we're looking for. And th that means curved in both dire dire uh dimensions. Not only like this but it has to be exactly. It has to be kind of instead of the PlayStation, the module. It has to be like the the Game Cube, you know, where your thumbs would be laying in the instrument and it has to be nice to hold. And It ha Yeah but that's that's the the problem uh yeah the dilemma actually, 'cause we wanna appeal to the to the young public with fancy with flashy colours, and with a lot of shape. And Yeah, and the and the rubber, it it will look cheap always, you know, with the There is mobile phones, in which you can change the colour also of the lights. Maybe we should consider this function. To customise it and so I mean kids can make it look more flashy with different kinds of colours and people who want something, you know, different, or more uh design, they can go for one colour like uh for example this uh photo th camera. Personally I think it's really ugly. Just give me the thing that it's inside there maybe I'm too old for this stuff. Yeah. So those I think are all my oh. And this is, this is with the curved that I mean. Yeah. Yeah? A compromise between what? This, this would be uh single curved uh? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I think the I mean our aim is to make something different right? To make something new. I would go for the double curved. And I I'm I'm thinking uh you know uh a drawing palette, where you have the shape for your thumb. So it kind of holds nicely, something like that. Well this is really your decision but Yeah. As well. You can make a trigger button or something like that. Yeah or that that is the confirmation button or something, that you scroll with your thumb, with the arrows, and then confirm. That would be a nice way to use it but I mean, yeah, I'm thinking big already, and we need something that well that that you can able to use in one hand I think. Yeah.. How about Mm-hmm. Yeah I understand what you mean. How about we do a uh a pop-up screen, like the laptop. So that the only the simple functions will be visible at first. And then if you want Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. No uh like I would draw it like this. Let's say this is the side view. That you have a a screen that will come up here, and can go down that way. If you know what I mean. So that it would come up like that. Yeah or preferably even keep the simple buttons here, and then under the screen even you could put more more advanced buttons. F for the L_C_D_ menu right? So w w Oh Activate and th the yeah. True. True. But you can make a, yeah, you can make a trigger here. You know a simple uh with a Yeah. Exactly. Well yeah the the idea of it was, is that because you close it, you cover the L_C_D_ screen and it won't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever. And Exactly. Exactly. We just have to make sure that the closing mechanism won't break. Th it's very solid yeah. That actually will offer some extra protection for the Yeah. Yeah I was thinking, if if you have your hand, it this is your th Okay. If this is your thumb, and this is your hand like that. With your uh wrist. That you, that it would be kind of shape like this, you know. So it's easier to hold in your hand, to y f Uh yeah. Yeah of course. Yeah then w then you would have to to make it like this. Like like you drew here. And maybe th then make this thicker also than the centre. Give it I would give it a female shape but uh yeah. Anyway. Obviously. Make it more appealing to guys. I mean Yeah but we have hardware inside, which is so it has to have some sort of basic shape. And also the screen, you cannot mould it. You know kind of thing. Yeah. And then you can You can place the screen here, which can come. And but then I w I would I would do the arrows here, kind of thing. Those buttons? And the simple buttons here, so that I Uh y eah that's what I mean. The arrows over here, and here the s simple uh or do we wanna make its shape look like a banana or something? I dunno. Yeah. Yeah we could make We should use Yeah w we need very primary colours, like bright red, bright yellow. Yeah. Yeah okay yeah. And how about some uh some flashing standby lights? Like you have on the Samsung, well I don't like to call brands phones, the you know that 'cause I remember from one of our first meetings that uh people lose their uh remote controls often. So it not not only in in the colours of the LEDs, that we want something to keep it visible at all times, or Um Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. As long as you loo use uh high contrast between the the background and the foreground colour. So that people with uh with And also for people who are a bit colourblind. But don't we wanna make the background the the bright colo colours? So th the total of the thing is very bright? Like the pictures I showed you guys. Those things were all like like bright red, bright red, flashy. Yeah something like that, something that stands out more. Yeah. The green? It's actually a pretty trendy colour at the moment. Do you get a pop-up if we Alright. No that's actu Red and green are actually the b the easiest to discriminate. Even for colourblind. They will see one of each as grey. But if you use uh green on blue, those kind of colours will look the same. I think. I think so. You can what we should do I think is is make kind of a see-through plastic button, with uh one coloured LED behind it. So that the whole button will shine as the colour the And if you think about easy to use buttons, we have to, well we have to make it the shape so that it's easy to hold f for both hands, but also that you can reach the buttons with your thumb, if you hold the machine. Ah, right. So we're gonna work here? On this sketchboard? Alright. Thanks. Alright. Thirty minutes. Alright. Yeah. Shall we uh make a new uh Yeah, I just make a new one. Alright. Huh? Yeah I'll just I'll just keep it there. Yeah. Uh sorry. Okay. Current colour? So um Shall we make some outline sketches of the basic shape first? Because I I Yeah 'cause I have to uh focus on the on the basic look-and-feel design. So how it's gonna look. And you have to think uh how we're gonna put the screen in it and those kind of things. So if I'm drawing and you think okay I'm not gonna be able to put a screen in there, you have to correct. Uh do you mind if I draw in black then? For normal sketches. so we kind of want the girlish figure. I'm not so good at drawing. Excuse me? No uh uh. How do we uh uh or insert text? Oh that's a bit big. Yeah. Yeah. Ex exactly. Uh Uh I thought for the side view, that the w the basic section would be rather uh a bit thicker than the middle, where you're holding it with your 'cause your fingers have to fit underneath and Exactly but the uh but the upper side has to be a bit more like that I think. Uh don't you think? So the display we will put in here, the basic uh functions in here, where it's most reachable. The The th Exactly. Oh. This is hard. What do don't have to draw it exactly do we? Wait. Let me try it one more time. Maybe I've uh it's easier if I draw it in once. Okay, of course it will become way more ugly. Yeah. This'll take forever. It's fun to work with this pen. Um so, larger. And yeah. So side. 'Kay. Um other views? Uh Yeah. Let's fill i fill in the buttons later. So this is gonna be from the uh from yeah yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah? The the idea is that it has to flip up to here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. True. you can adjust the angle to which it flips. So it can also from this angle, it can flip all the way up to there. You can flip it up to there if you want. Think so. Yeah because I think it will feel weird if you would make this smaller and this bigger or something that I dunno. I thought it would be cool.. It doesn't aim so well. Yeah yeah yeah. Definitely. Yeah I guess but uh I mean most votes count right? Yeah. Yeah true true. Yeah. Yeah if you if you're going for the kinetics Yeah. I'm just thinking totally different designs also. Remember that the weird pocketphone thingy which looked like kind of a Gameboy. Maybe we should try something like that. But yeah. Oh right. Alright. Yeah. I like it. Okay. This can go. Oh yeah we have to f uh include that in our design as well. Let's see. What the hell's that? Uh Yeah. I think we do. Yeah or j or also scrolling for the m yeah. Yeah? I dunno. We w kind of wanted to stick with the Yeah I'm just thinking, if we i we wanna make something different right? So the with the scroll is is more futuristic than the standard arrow buttons. I think.
Okay. I I've got the same problem as well. Oh. No. Yeah. No problem Yeah. No. I I don't mi I don't mind. That's Do you want to go first? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's better than than my uh drawing. Yeah okay but I have to design the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pushbuttons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As an optional uh feature. Or combine uh both with a with one uh Okay. And throw it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. One one uh very important thing I was uh yeah thinking about is the speech uh option. We were going to use that. Yeah. So um Yeah um yeah that's one thing uh which I'm not sure uh of how to implement it uh into the remote control. No okay but it has to be combined with with the menu uh for functions and So okay. Yeah. Okay. But do uh j do we uh do the speech just for the basic options, for the simple buttons? For for everything, also for the advanced options? Okay. Uh we have this very uh basic uh trendy design. Everybody says it so that's what's uh yeah um Yeah in the in the last uh meeting we uh we were yeah putting the the simple and the advanced options separated. That's yeah obvious. Um yeah. Pressing the the menu option uh will disable uh all other options on your uh remote control. And only the the L_C_D_ panel will uh light up and then you can only uh change the yeah the options. Yeah. Um yeah design has to be very attractive but that's your your op your yeah. you have to uh delete this but this is the the the simple uh layout. Uh display on the upper side with the the menu button and maybe a some sort of cancel button or save button. I'm The back. Back and okay yeah. Uh What? A little bit I think but not not everything w Okay. Oh I uh didn't read that. But But this is the the basic uh design uh for the for the m yeah for the buttons. Um I wanted to to categorise everything. Uh with a speech display uh yeah, sound, everything you you noted in your uh minutes. Um every pushbutton has uh has its own uh LED light. So you can uh yeah change uh m make it more trendy for for younger people. And uh if there are older people they wanted more uh yeah more uh luxurous so that's an a also an option. Um that was it. Yeah. Yeah.. We're going to produce it in uh China so it's no problem. Uh it's it's quite difficult because we we haven't got all the options uh yeah. Yeah. This is the the menu I was uh looking uh at. Yeah. Arrow yeah. Yeah. S yeah. Yeah. But it has also to it it has also to be uh luxurous uh for for yeah rich people. Th this looks a little bit like like for only for children. So Yeah. The colour Yeah. Okay but the the colours, you you can make it uh make the colours with LEDs uh beneath the the buttons. If you press a button and you can disable the the colour LEDs for for people that don't like it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Very cheap uh cheap look. Yeah but if you if you make it more curved we we can make more and more options for buttons. If you have uh it have it in your hand, you you you are not only um yeah you don't need one dimension but you can use other dimensions for pressing the the buttons. Yeah. Something to shoot at your television Yeah. That's yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's the the more advanced options were uh for the for the menu. But you you want okay. You just want to hide them all? The oh. Yeah yeah yeah. That's but it's it's not it's not very uh very strong uh yeah if you drop it one time. Okay. But when you are left-handed, that's that's a problem. But that's that's very expensive uh Yeah. We we could make some some rubber uh some rubber uh yeah mouse, with which you can change uh and so if you Yeah. Okay. Some yeah. No no no no. Okay.. Yeah. No the arrow's over here. Yeah. Or blue? Dark blue or Yeah. Yeah but the primary colours w we can uh create with the with the LEDs on the on the remote control. If you we uh yeah. If you make it uh just a yeah bl give it a blue colour, then it's just a neutral colour, also for the for the more uh yeah for the people. So that's So that's blue. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe a Yeah. And which which colour should uh should I give the the display? Uh Or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah maybe a maybe a white a white backlight? Dark uh letters, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's adjustable. Yeah? Or not. That's how we are going to make it uh more trendy. Or is it uh too expensive? Mm. And it it looks quite cheap, that colour I think. It's it's not Yeah. I dunno. It's it's trendy okay. But Mm. Yeah. Yeah. But the but the buttons have their own LEDs or not? Okay. Okay. That that's a default uh setting. The the red buttons. Okay. Yeah I I was think about a red uh red LEDs and blue LEDs and Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But we have to do it at this moment, after th this meeting? Okay. Yeah. Ah so this is basically the what what we are thinking about? Yeah l let's just uh delete all these uh or Oh, next. Okay. Uh Yeah. And then after that we can make the user uh inter interface. Yeah. Yep. Oh no it's it's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but this part isn't uh functioning properly. It's a bit uh large.. L let's make first the the the all the views. The the front view, side view and the back view. Yeah. The middle has to be very small so you can have it in your hand. Yeah the display, we yeah we can put a display. Yeah. The the arrow functions. Yeah. Yeah. No it's it's uh it's okay. You can make it m larger. Maybe it's easier to to draw uh Yeah that's that's the basic idea. Yeah. Yeah only if you are going to put buttons on the side of the unit. That's the question. Yeah. From the Yeah I'm I'm May maybe it's it's easier to to integrate the the the L_C_D_ screen just into this this bubble. Because it do doesn't have to flip then. Because we have en enough space for for making a an L_C_D. Because here But why why do we need uh the flipping uh Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh the the shape is okay but yeah? I don't see the the yeah why why we should use the the flipping uh mechanism. Because we Okay yeah. It's it's for for for more trendy uh Because we have enough space. H here we got uh the basic functions, the the arrow uh yeah button. Yeah and then h we sh mm. Yeah, then it's No flipping or you wanted the flipping so But if you if you If you drop it it it just breaks. And it has to be very strong because of the. Yeah kind of And it's also for the for the children, it's yeah for people not sixteen years. But there are more Yeah okay. That's true. Okay. Yeah? Okay wi Yeah. The Real Remote. I think uh it's the sensors. Okay. Yep. Okay that's the side. Ah it's it's okay. But do we want uh options on the on the side with the with the buttons? Or just leave it? Uh could make an uh a volume button uh scroll, volume button. For menu. Or Yeah. No, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah you are going to design it so
.. Yeah just testing. Mm? English.. Break is over. Whoo. Spicy. So, he's coming. Oh okay. Ah. She. You can look at the final report, 'cause I have to record everything we are deciding and such, so I'm trying to write it down between everything else. Oh. Yeah. Here we go again. Welcome. Uh we have again three presentations and then we have to decide on what concepts the mobile phone has to uh f the remote control has to support. So who wants go. Yes? Yeah sure. Doesn't matter. No. Mm-hmm.. Yeah yeah sure. No. Cool. Yeah you're just the user interface hmm? Yeah layout. Yeah okay. You probably opened it. F_ five. Yeah. Yeah okay. Calculator's can do it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh I think you can only fit one uh source of energy on the Yeah I didn't receive any info uh. Yeah. S yeah it's safe. 'Kay next. Uh Okay. Can we uh Yeah. Well the visual representation is not there with speech but you can Yeah. Just yeah. I think you can just uh match the speech commands with the functions that are already present. So I don't think you have to design anything else for that. Both. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be the back. Back and okay. You did read the minutes I wrote? You did read the minutes I wrote? Oh okay 'cause I pretty much summed up all the buttons there were. So I hate doing work for nothing. Mm-hmm. That was it? Okay. Uh again. Ugh. Okay so what we have to decide is what kind of components do we use? Uh energy source, chip type, case type. And user interface. But I didn't see a clear distinction between these so I think what we have is okay. So we only, we already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy. Uh the case would be doubly curved. So Rubber material. And that's the only thing we have left. Oh okay. No it's easy. Advanced chip. Okay. Too. Uh I didn't get any info on this. So Yeah. I have total here. Yeah I don't know. I didn't get any information about that so Yeah. Who doesn't. Uh let's see. Is there a new thing? Yeah the interface, maybe can Ooh. No. Uh do you have a picture of doubly curved case? And could you put that in the group folder? Of the project folder. Ah you didn't draw it yourself. Ah. Arrow. Yeah.. 'S the target group. Yeah sure. Yeah. Oh okay. I see. Yeah also like this. So you can hold it.. The children's story. Yeah I've got it. Distinction. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Different. Mm-hmm. Camera. Yeah submarine. Well Yeah but this this the is for the. Okay. Uh Ah yeah bright colours. That's singly curved. Okay. Well we could make a compromise between that. But I don't know if it's worth the effort. Uh instead of doubly curved we take a single curved. So to appeal a little more to the all the public. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Also. Yeah that would be an option. I don't know what you think. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah I'd agree. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Different. Stands out. Or Oh yeah a one hand uh solution. can turn it maybe. To switch from buttons to interface hmm. If you turn it a little.. Oh yeah. Least you can easily see it. If you can uh flip. Uh so you have a the the side view. So and you want to be able to make this. Okay so the buttons are on top here, and you flip it over that way. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Right. Yeah that's good idea. Yeah. No not all because you need most of them, the arrow buttons. But you can hide the okay and the back uh button. And the menu button also because when you flip it open and you can maybe even drop the menu button because maybe if you flip it open it will auto activate amauto uh uh automatically. Why? You could just make it mechanical. If you cover it with rubber. Mm. Yeah. So it can bounce. Yeah okay so that that may work. Okay but then we still have the the the thing of the the the shape. Yeah. What kind of Harder.. Maybe can design two versions. Mm-hmm. And ergonomical shape. Yeah. The female shape yeah. With two uh Oh yeah. Some uh k esk uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. So the keywords are primary co colours, spongey? Yeah. Yeah. Buttons. Okay. I think that uh it's a nice design. It's cool. Yeah. Yeah that's Orange or something. Mm. Yeah. Huh cool. No it's. Yeah it's text. N no you have to exit. You could also make line with uh Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Y Yeah and then on top of that. Some yellow. Banana colour. Yeah if you if flashing colour so you can't lose it, basically. Well I think it's a bit too much but Yeah. Yeah. Who? And then you can use yellow or semething. Why not? Aye. Like this. Colourblind yeah. No so that's mostly red and green I believe. Woah. All all buttons? Okay. It's difficult. Blue. Maybe green. Yeah you can Mm-hmm flashy. Mm bzz. Red maybe. Black. Why? Yeah. So Ooh.. Uh not yet. Yeah within five minutes yeah. Y left yeah left and then uh I have to kick you out. Yeah yeah. They have LEDs but they have a colour. You can make them red. Yeah. But I think you need to keep in mind that the LEDs are just extra light. Uh they they don't determine the colour that much, I think. 'Cause you have to print on them you have a background. Each number is transparent. Uh partly but you have to print on the number. Or the the sign. So you can't change the colour so Yeah. Bit of light. Bit of feedback. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay with Uh Don't mean to discourage you but uh basically you two are going to work on the smartboard. Next thirty minutes to design something so And the You will do the evaluation. Yeah. Yeah uh about Yeah I don't know. You probably get a mail. Yeah. Once they are finished. Yeah. Yeah but maybe you can do the evaluation you don't have to evaluate yet but you can make a procedure which to follow. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. About. Yeah. You have the basic idea. And you two uh are going to do this. Look-and-feel and Yeah. Good luck. So I uh make new page and uh be creative. Yeah you have uh thirty minutes. Then we have to uh see something which we can uh show to the management. I would yeah. Yeah. Next. Oh and save this uh board. Just save it. Yeah okay but just press save and uh It'll be fine. You can also include clip-art. So if you'll rather draw in paint or something then look. Yeah. Yeah. You can also include it. It's not much work. That's included. Yeah okay. Yeah. Sensitive. I dunno. Maybe just start typing. You also do the other sides. Not only on the front si uh the top side but also the the side view. Uh. Jesus. What do I write down? Why can't I work here? This is much easier. Yeah. Mm. No so I just work here a few minutes. Five minutes left before the meeting ends. Yeah we keep the flip? Keep the flip live. No flipping? It's shaking. Yeah just light on top. Safer. Mm. Yeah okay that the target group. Well. I just uh ended the meeting. You two go design. Oh. By the way. Um I uh thought up a name for our product. Yeah. It's called uh the Real Remote. With a copyright sign after Real. So maybe you can include that somewhere. Yeah. I don't see any power cables here so 'Kay. Good luck.
