I'm listening. Right. Great. Alright, great. Yeah, great. Alright, Trendwatch. Right. I will speak about uh latest trends trends, latest fashion updates, and uh things we must not do. Uh the trends. It's very important that uh the control is fancy looking and good uh feeling. Uh this because of our last model was very functional, but it uh people didn't like that, so our new mo model must be very good-looking. That's uh something you uh have to take a look at. And uh the feeling has to be very great. Also the menus and things like that they have to they have to feel great. Um there's a minus uh two times here, because this is the most important point. This is uh two times as less important, and uh same for this one. Um, technological technological innovations, that's uh regarded very highly too. Uh such as an uh L_C_D_ screen, uh speech uh acknowledgement, as we uh talked about earlier. So we have to have uh something like that, like we uh Right. Uh the last point is easy to use. Well I think that uh speaks for s for itself. I don't know who's uh who's going to look at that. Yeah? Yeah, I know. I think we have to go for the first one. It's the most important one. So we have to uh take that one. So it it it isn't very important that that it works easy. But it has to look great. We'll see. Yeah, right. But the most important thing is that it looks great and people say wow, that's real great uh great concept. Alright. Uh these are the new colours of this year. So it must be very bright, very colourful. People like this. So we we have to think uh in this direction. So i set your mind to it. Findings? Fashion update? Fruit and vegetables are cool. I am told. The group we are targeting is uh very pleased with fruit and vegetables. So we we we might cons consider in front of uh in in that sort of uh way. Uh furthermore uh material, that's your part, should be very strong. I was thinking of something like uh well uh iron plate over it, maybe in a colour or something, that looks so f really flashy but it it is also strong. And that's uh also for the younger public. Yeah, that's great. But I think we can all make the the fronts of titanium or something uh really thin. So it looks very heavy but you can still uh use it very easily. Well, the don'ts. Older people like dark colours and simple shapes. Well we don't want uh older people, we want young people. So uh we're gonna turn that around. We're gonna have real uh cool shapes and lots of colours. Right? Okay. We don't want wood. Old people. So, that's it for me. Yeah, we should change that. No no no. Mm. Yeah. We keep coming back to the fronts. Yeah. Fruity. Fruity. Well it's got a strong look, this. Yeah. Yeah, it still has a strong look. But then you are losing your fruity colours. That's true. Yeah but the But it doesn't have to look strong. The the results are, the feel of the material is expected to be strongy. The feel. Nah yeah the feel Right. I agree. I dunno. Yeah right. Yeah. Right. Oh okay. Right. No. But that that makes it cheap. It's it's just a an extra function, and it's cheap. No but Yeah, right. Young people love them. Yeah, ple Right. Alright. How How How do you uh uh give input to the menu on the L_C_D_ screen? Alright. So you have a menu button, and then you can go up and down. Yeah right. Yeah.. You have to push hard. Yeah. Yeah. You've Right. And you you need a you need a speaker. For the Yeah. Yeah. Exit. But we need a we need a a recording recording button for the speech uh part. Or don't Right, and spea speaker at the back, or something. Alright. Alright. Yeah, fine. Move on. Yeah. Nei They're n they're not trendy. It doesn't look strong. Yeah right. This is just crazy. Nah th It's too expensive. Yeah. But are we going for a strange uh form? 'Cause people like that. Not too strange. You can make the the underside, you can make it more round, where the L_C_D_ is. I dunno if you know the No Nokia telephone, with uh the round uh thing at at the bottoms, s something like that. You know? Yeah, but people like something uh new you know. Yeah, different. Y yis Alright. Great. Your bag. Yeah. Materials are the most, most impor Yeah. Do you know the new uh No no The front is the most important. But the feel of plastic isn't strong. Yeah alright, alright. 'Kay. Yeah. Fronts are are cheaper than when they're from plas Yeah, but it it's expensive. Bendable. Bendable. Yeah. Paint spray. Yeah alright. So, we're going for a titanium back and a plastic front? Yeah, great. Yeah. But then you have the problem, when you have a titanium back, you can't switch it. When you want an other colour on the front, it doesn't match. You know? I understand. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Alright. Funky customers. Alright. Nei. So external. Yeah. Alright. I think we can launch a couple of packages. You can buy a different kind of of of machine, but it's the same thing, but with another front. So And you can you can Yeah right. Yeah but if you if you launch uh five different packages like iPod mini Yeah. It's good marketing. Yeah, n not too heavy. You can always take another pick. They have to buy it later on. Yeah right. More basic. Yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. But we we must remember that fancy look-and-feel is the most important thing. Else it w won't sell. So Lost my mouse. Unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah togeth You can take the SMARTboard. Have fun. 'Kay. We don't have produ product yet, so kind of difficult. Ajax. Nah. Um round. Yeah. Round. Curvy. Yeah. So you can see you have to up or down. And this must be uh volume I think, and this programme. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I noticed. You can't uh click the corners. It's a real real great thing. Let's start the design. O Yeah. Me too. But we kree we keep adjusting to the fashion with our fronts. So Yeah, right. The logo Yeah. But the logo the logo shouldn't be exchangeable, when you get off the front. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but you can scratch it off or something. It's better if you have it uh Yeah. I agree. But not too big. Just uh Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No no no no. You have to make this titanium too. Else you you get problems with the L_C_D_. Like dust in it and so things like that. When you exchange all the fronts and it's open. Yeah. Some some kind of wei weight in it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you can make it go round this corner too where the logo is. Because it has to be uh there all the time you know. So uh a little corner of titanium. So this this is the exchangeable part. Right. Taking all the credit. But there's a problem. We can't uh take a blank one. Or can we? Yeah. Nah that's alright, that's alright. This one is empty. You have to empty one huh? Alright. No Yeah. Yeah. It's not relaxing. I I don't have a laptop. Yeah right. Dream on. Half No. It's all about cool things. And it will sell. We will be rich. No. No man. You just have to push harder. Yeah. Mm. Recalibrate it. Yeah. Finish meeting now. Yeah. Oh. Alright. Have fun lads.
Mm-hmm. Alright. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Alright. Alright. Easy to use? I think that's your ta Mm. You Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you can make a very complicated uh uh remote anyway, so ease of use It's not a very comp complicated device. Alright. Uh you think? Mm. Mm. Alright. Yeah, among the old people, yeah. Right, I am going to tell you something about the components design. Uh again I have uh put up the specification properties. This uh so um uh the different uh components of the of of the device. And the materials? Um I have heard several things, so I uh I'll have to change that on the way. But uh the case? Uh I suggested uh in the previous meeting hard plastic. But uh as you indicated uh it should be strong. It should feel strong. So maybe plastic is not uh sufficient. We should move to uh something Well yeah. Y Hard plastic i is of course uh pretty pretty tough, but it doesn't have a really really tough look. So Yeah. Also Yeah. Mm-hmm. But we'll return to that. Uh the buttons of course rubber, I think everyone agrees. And electrical cables, copper is all pretty basic stuff. The chips made of silicon, I guess. I think that's the best uh way to do it. And infra infrared l LED is uh just a simple bulb. Then I've uh had a few findings, made a few findings. Uh the target audience product style. Um it's uh um generally the case that uh senior and wealthy people above uh forty five years old uh like, as you said, uh particularly the traditional materials as such as wood and materials such as that. They also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style. But of course that's not our uh things this. So this is things we must not do. And then we have uh young uh and dynamic uh people, which is of course our uh group, the people we aim at. Um under forty five years old. Uh they like soft materials uh with primary colours. Soft materials is of course uh agai again a bit a contradiction with uh our uh material choice of what you said, that uh it should be hard an and and and and strong looking. But they like soft materials, uh so we might uh we have to consider that. And also they like curved round shapes. So not uh too formal like like uh the older people want. And if uh also a finding but not very ap applicable here, that sports and gaming devices such as uh discmans for jogging and that those kind of devices, gaming devices, should define the characteristics of the device. But uh since we don't have a really a sports or gaming device, so we don't really have to consider that. Mm. Well I also have um several examples of uh styles, so you can get a clear picture of uh what I mean. Uh these are the basic uh older older peoples' stuff. It was not very uh interesting uh, very classical looking, but that's n that's not what we want. We have these kind of things. I don't know what exactly they are. It looks like Well you know uh you recognise the shapes, it's very primary colours, uh bright colours and uh round shapes. You also uh see uh this device, it's not very round and Fruity of course. Yeah, it uh That's true. And uh well round shapes, primary colours. You can see it all here. And of course uh this famous device. I think as you know something uh some devices like this. So to give you an idea of uh This has a strong look. Although it's plastic, it's it's grey to to to give it iron look. That's uh Yeah. Well we have to make a Well we can't really make a round uh a round remote control. I don't think that's very practical, but But uh it's important to to uh to think about the colour. Because if we make it grey or or silvery looking, it it does make it a lot more uh does make it looking a lot more stronger. 'Cause if you look at this, it it doesn't look very very strong, becau But this is plastic, and and this too, but The feel? Uh alright. Well Mm-hmm. And I Then I have some more findings. Um uh about the energy energy source of the of the device, uh I uh suggest uh the basic battery. I uh got some other um uh uh energy sources of course. But solar energy is not very practical inside a house, because you don't have a have a lot of uh sun. And uh kinetic and and and dynamos are are not very practical, I think, for uh for a simple remote, that's a bit, oh, that's a bit uh That's a bit uh much. And I also suggest uh as a shape uh a double curved case. Uh the disadvantage of that that you can use no titanium. That that's the information I received. If you use the curved case, uh a curved case, double curved then you can't use titanium. Now uh this uh to give it a more modern look. And uh now the the shape, yeah, a curved case. Um yeah I think uh sort of triangle-shaped bottom or something. Uh a more modern look not plain, long box style, but I'll draw it, but maybe later. And it makes uh it gives it a more u user friendly shape, than if you have uh. Um anyway Um f as uh for the buttons, simple push buttons. No uh otherwi uh no um difficult scroll things or some uh things like that, because it makes more complex and expensive. And, uh as we agreed, we don't use a speaker or a sensor or um uh speak uh speech uh controlled device. Because it makes it also more complex and expensive. But we do use an L_C_D_ screen, so we uh we do have to consider uh of we have to use a more advanced chip, which is more complex and expensive. But It's worth the trouble I think, because Uh rubber is a soft material, I guess. Uh soft enough. So that's uh basically what I want to talk about. Oh, yeah, I understand. Yeah. Yeah. But it it's n nice for young people. They like gadgets. Yeah. If it's cheap. Yeah. Can you draw it now of uh Can you draw it now? Mm. Alright. button, yeah. I suggest a banana shape. Because of the fruity uh fashion. Yellow and Yeah alright, yeah. Just a hunch. Those are the the cha the channel buttons of course? And then below is the L_C_D_ screen? Alright, yeah. Mm-hmm. Uh by pe pressing the menu button again. By pressing the menu button again, you go uh out. It's usual the the the d kind of the way it works. Yeah? Yeah? Yeah. But you can men you can press menu again to get out. No. Why would you put it uh then, and where is the recording uh the microphone? Where would you put it? Uh-huh. Microphone, yeah. Yeah I understand. Uh but uh we could uh d do, but it's perhaps more expensive, uh the speaker on the back or something. Alright. Well yeah yeah yeah. I can live with it. They do they don't look fruity enough. Tho Yeah those But it doesn't uh the Yeah, ok Yeah. But it it must not look too childish of course huh? But it Yeah. Not not too strange. No. Exotic yeah. We have t Yeah, yeah. I will design it, we design it later. So we'll get to that later I guess. The specific shape. The Our sources. But uh we should decide now. So we have to uh put it in one uh document. Copy paste uh this story into a into a Word document, and then uh put the answers after the subjects. Yeah. Well we have to decide all these things? W we can uh override them? Well a case? Uh that's me. Uh I suggest Well what do I suggest actually? Uh s solid, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I understand. Yeah. So we have titanium. Yeah but the non-removable elements of the of the remote, so not the front, could be titanium, to give that uh strong look. And then the front is made of plastic. And you can put that on and off, and switch it. No but you have titanium of course. Uh you have the best of both worlds. And of course, yeah, you have the the the plastic front end. But you also have the titanium. Yeah of course, but yeah you have to make a decision. I guess so. Uh titanium I sh I think uh Huh? Well, well the According to my sources, uh it's it's totally possible to make an entire uh uh uh Titanium is available, and uh we can uh make uh an entire remote out of it, if we want. Mm. Mm. Yeah, I think that's a nice trade-off. Alright. Yeah, for the front and then titanium for the back. For the non-removable uh part. Well but The titan titanium isn't isn't v very Yeah, i it doesn't uh curves. No uh I nei. Titanium is very No no no, but you know b Titanium is very basic colour, and it doesn't really matter if we have a purple front on it or a orange front. I dunno if if you disagree, but I think it's doesn't matter very much. And even if it does uh doesn't match, it will uh People like mm colours that don't match. Cop copper uh material. Excuse me? Yeah copper i just a ba basic uh Yeah in Yeah well inside the remote control we use a couple of uh Oh external? Well A coffee grind doesn't have Na ja. Never mind the coffee grind. Right? Alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah the the the front w Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. For the for the launch, yeah. So e th then a c couple of basic colours. Not not very uh sim Not Yeah. Yeah. Very boring, yeah. The most boring fronts possible. Yeah but you you can have some basic colours, and then we come with the special patterns on them, and and uh And uh Uh we still have to make We have still have to make the es the the real basic design. Because yeah we have the sketch but Alright, yeah. The price? We all agree on that. Yeah. Together or uh Yeah together. How Yeah yeah, but how do I Some Some non functional tasks. You're fired. No but Well, can we talk about something else? Uh Uh no I don't know anything, but maybe uh anyone else uh Yeah? Round I think. To make it as uh as round as possible. But now I see the Well th th th th th that depends uh. Well we uh We we j we'll just give them an uh We'll design it, and then they can give comments on it. Well yeah. Um I think um a logo, our company logo, and the slogan should be or could be Yeah, why not? If there's enough space, you can put uh We'll we'll Well, our slogan is not very long. It's just a simple What is it? You c But you can put it on the back, on the titanium part. The logo and the and the Yeah they do. Well yeah. Right corner, or maybe here in the middle? Yeah it it should be hard on the on the on the board, and you can remove the front. I l I like the idea of the of the slogan on the on the on the thing. But am I the only one, or uh No not on the front, but on the backside. Uh I think it's a nice idea, to make it more recognisable, that the next to the logo you have the slogan. To make more uh of an impression. Not too big. No, very small. Not on the entire back, but uh just very small. But readable enough of course. But we'll uh we'll take that uh with us into the design. Lo Uh yeah. Or maybe here in the middle, but we'll decide later. Do you do you see a bit of the of the um of the uh titanium? O on the front? Uh maybe if we make this this this lower part titanium, the front is the the upper part, and the the bit with the with the L_C_D_ screen. So Yeah. No no betwe of between we can do but But then you have two parts of front, two fronts that This enti entire bottom? And then the lower part is titanium? I think that's nice, yeah. Yeah. I like that bit of uh titanium also on the uh A bit like uh a bit like your mobile phone. Maybe you can show it. It also has the those two distinct uh Mm bit like this. Uh it's uh Yeah yeah. That uh Yeah. Maybe a nice touch, yeah. I think I'm going to buy it. That's a bit too much, but No, no no no, but I think uh this looks uh pretty nice actually. Of course, because it's my design but No our d our design, alright. But don't erase my cat. I want to preserve it. What are you doing chief? Yeah until the until the beep goes. But I don't uh Do we have to stay here, or I think we have to return first. The high powers from above will have to tell us, yeah. Yeah, touch-pads, yeah. We can uh do a touch-pad on our remote. No just kidding. Well we have uh b you have to have a bit of humour in the in the discussions too, because it becomes too too too too stressy. But uh th youth doesn't care about functio functionality, so Yeah. Bless you. Mm. Too much? Well they uh I think that's good. We all had uh our talk and we agree I guess on uh several thing, on most uh on things. Yeah you have to push harder. Mm. Where's the good old chalk board with the the green board with the, how do you call it, chalk, yeah. Yeah, maybe. Maybe if i if that thing is recalibrated, we can draw a thing quick, and then before it uh goes off again. Maybe w maybe we maybe w m Can we get email here? Huh? Yeah. Guess so. A happy hol happy holidays.
Well something fancy looking can be can be easy to use. Bananas. Yeah. Yeah. Soccer fronts. Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. And it it doesn't have to be strong, also. Only the feel. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. The buttons can be made of an uh a soft material. Because people like that. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well um nah the method um we will um include the buttons as we discussed uh earlier. Um an L_C_D_ s screen will be implemented. Um we must decide where, this meeting. Um there are new developments in speech recognition um systems, um and they are already being uh used on uh coffee machines. And um well they're cheap, so we could use them now. Um it's not really speech recognition, it's more um like you can um talk to the chip, uh record the message and record an answer, and then once you uh talk to the remote, then um he will a answer with the the prerecorded message that you left. So if I say hi Mike, and you have recorded uh hi Mike back, then you will get that. No it doesn't does not do anything. But i it's just a Yeah it's it's cheap. No but that's the gadget they want, or the gimmicks. Yes, we we should really uh include that one, I think. Um Well, as I said uh earlier I think the uh L_C_D_ screen should be uh positioned at the lower end of the remote. Um the buttons for screen width and general settings and uh and that kind of stuff um we can also do let that kind of functions um be shown in the L_C_D_ screen, uh instead of uh extra buttons. I think young people and yeah w well every user would like that. Um the buttons um should be positioned uh positioned the same way as they are on a, well, conventional remote, I think. For the learnability and uh well to keep it recognisable. A voice recognition can be uh implemented. And uh I drew an example, but it did not work quite the well uh the way I wanted it to do. Hmm? Well I have the I can draw it again, and I know what I did wrong. I didn't tick the note bo box in the. Um Um with the uh the up and down and and well buttons and the Well I will draw what I had drawn on the screen. Yes. Um I shall draw this. If it uh works. Mm so have I. Nah. Well these little buttons are a bit difficult to uh draw uh correct. Yeah just uh the numbers. These these will be bigger in the the real design. This must be the Okay button used to uh interact with the L_C_D_ screen. And with this you can uh, yes, go to through the menus and that can Um the video button should be uh an apart button, because you want it to uh t, yeah, to use it fast within one uh click. Um it's Hmm? This button can also be the Menu button, we use in the menus Well we we can add another button here, but Yeah. Ah right. Well you you No no, we we we should uh add uh a extra Menu button and this the Okay button. Ah once you have an extra Menu button, you don't need that that extra option. You have uh redundancy. Yeah, if we decide to uh to implement that, maybe we should. Well they that could be anywhere. That's very small. It could be uh down here. Um. Well, not here. I yeah I suggest here. But that's just a little gap. Yeah. Well the speaker and the microphone, I think, are the same uh little hole thingy. Yeah. Well i Um there are a all already being implemented in in coffee machines, so they won't be uh very expensive. But This is my suggested design. Um Yes. And oh I think as you can see so, the L_C_D_ screen does look better uh at the lower end, or at the bottom. But Oh, um I had some uh examples. You can uh But I did not like it very much, but Well these are quite obvious, very ugly remote. Um No, well th Yeah. Well not all. Uh this is for children but th No. W but with the colours i it's a bit the way we're going to. Well this is a terrible Um this looks Yeah. This uh these are the L_C_D_ screens. I think we should, if it's um possible, uh one with colours, but I don't know uh Too expensive? Alright. Well Nah. Ha, even more. N Well Yeah, this is what we've just done. Right? Ah right. Not everything. Yeah but all these examples are uh of a coffee machine. I think we Why don't we um use uh titanium or or a hard, yeah, some kind of metal for the uh the the whole remote except the front. That Just like um most cell phones are. Yeah. Yeah. No but you you have this Yeah. Yeah, you have the re remote in your hand like this. So you feel titanium. Yeah. And I don't know if you can make steel just any way you want it to. Yeah. Well any colour Yeah, then you you paint it in the colour you want it. The plastic is is the colour you want it. So Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Well titanium is neutral. Hmm. Yeah. Well Our customers will use those uh funky uh trendy colours, and they don't use uh wood. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. The electrical cable uh does No we don't use an electrical cable. Yeah inside, but this is for the coffee uh machine. Yeah, but that's not what's meant here, I think. Yeah. Well I got a better one here and I will um The shared folder. I will work this out uh for the uh next meeting. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's the whole idea of the front. Yes. But that's for later on. The fronts y you can do anything with them. Yeah, right For the uh initiative uh launch. Mm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well you can you can give them uh s s three or so, so that they can uh experiment with it and that they want more. Yeah. Red red, blue and green you give them or something, and then you can give them uh other ones. Yeah we should do that. Mm. Yeah, we can do that. But bu we stay we stay here or something? Ah right. And take it to our rooms and uh Ah, specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. Yeah. Um Will we use uh round buttons or square ones for the for the numbers? Yeah I I I also uh thought Yeah. And these uh these s these buttons uh are more uh triangle-ish shaped with a square one in the middle. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Well most of the time uh up and down is programme and left and right are volume, I think. Yeah, it depends, but If you turn up the volume, you always see this thingy go up. Yeah. Yeah alright. Mm. Uh I I'd say only the logo. Too much text and it gets too too busy. Well it's quite a long phrase. Ah the logo should be on the top I think. Right corner, yes. uh the text? Yeah. Uh yeah, at the back? Well you c Well uh Yes. You can The logo can be on on every uh front. Yeah, but then you must uh really uh yeah push it in or something. Yeah, on the backside. Well n n not not on the front side, I think. On the back Yes, you you can, yeah, push that in, so that it is always be there. Yeah. Yeah I think over here the logo. Yes we could No, they have two fronts, that. You you can Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, you can you can just And then not a straight line but uh some sort of wave or something. This is titanium. And this is uh F front. Yeah. With the with the curved edge. Yeah. Yeah. Tada. Yeah. Ah. Yeah, that's nice finishing touch you need. Yeah, this is the front. This is the My design. Yeah. We'll stay here I guess? Well we can uh erase an animal I guess. Uh the fourth one. Uh the fourth one is empty, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think we have to wait? Maybe. Yeah. Aha. This has no function. We've done too much in the previous meetings. Yes, we've got nothing to do now. Its the best remote ever. Pinball. Yes, but you you get really close to the screen with your hand, and I don't think that's Hmm. We can better uh draw a design on this. Yeah, but we can't. Well We'll stay here? Or we'll get the email. Yeah. Well we'll wait a few seconds and then we'll get an email. Yeah.
Okay. Uh door is closed. Well, let's begin. Because if we have as much time as the last uh meeting, we'll have to hurry up. Um well I'll start with the presentation again, the agenda. Yo. So. Uh This one I think. Uh yeah. Well alright. Um well, I'll show you the notes. It's not as uh interesting as it should be because we just uh had the meeting, but I'll show them. We'll get your presentations again on the conceptual design. Um Then we'll have to dec decide about the control, the remote control concepts. I've put a f uh a file in the project management folder, which says exactly uh what kind of decisions we should take. So this time we exactly know what to decide about. And then we'll close again. Uh Well these are some examples, but we'll talk about them later. We'll first look at your uh presentations. Alright? Walter will uh start again this time? Yo. 'Kay. 'Kay. Less. Well, yeah. L_C_D_ and our uh our fronts. Well, easy to use uh s is a bit uh contradictionary with the first uh Functional is not an issue, and then easy to use. Well we have to choose one of them. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We'll we'll look at uh. 'Kay. So Well Yeah, well Yeah. B Well the the handy thing about our fronts is that we can follow these trends e ev every year. Th this year it's fruits but next year it's it's something totally different. Yes. Yep, alright. Wood is popular. Aha. Yeah yeah yeah. Alright. Nice, uh well show us. Well maybe it it it is, but it doesn't look strong. So maybe But we still have to look at our price of course. Because uh if we want an L_C_D_ uh window etcetera uh Yeah? Yes. Sports uh, they're uh that uh are accessible on on your L_C_D_ uh window uh Huh? That's nice. All the results? Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Nai. Uh no. It's t terrible. Alright. Hmm? Yeah, alright. Yeah. And it's round. Well you can make th th th that middle ring can you you can make another colour. So uh those kind of things you can you can combine. No, it isn't. Okay. Yes. So, if you ti Well You you Maybe you should have uh some some coloured titanium or something. So it it looks pretty but it feels strong. No titanium. What do you exactly mean with double curved? Double curved? It it mean Yeah, well okay. Well This soft material thing from uh Yeah. Alright. Okay. We will take that. And then uh Mike? Okay. Oh That's interesting. Okay. But you can also say that, when you say something, it does some function. Oh. That's a bit uh Yes. I understand. But it has no functionality for our remote at all. Hmm. So you put a menu in the L_C_D_? Ah. But then we should also have an uh an Okay button. Just uh There is already a blank. Yes? So Yeah. No m Next year that's out. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. And what's the menu button? But how did How do you get out of the menu then? Yeah. Maybe I you could j just do an an exit with Okay. Uh Yes, well but bec because when you push Menu you get in, and then you have to push Okay when you get to a choice. And Well that's also the Okay button. That's you you should have uh Or you can put in the L_C_D_'s uh window an option Get Out. Exit. Well, it's just a choice. Huh? Yeah? Okay. Well, okay, alright. Um then let's have a look at the decisions we are going to have to make. I'd I agree. Fine. Yeah. Yes? Too big. They're all black. Hey, that one I like. No. The remote. Terrible. It's it's all too much buttons. Too many buttons. That's Well, that's too expensive I think. Alright. Yeah. Okay. Huh. Mm no. 'Kay. No, not very strange. It still has t Yes. Th a a kind of bridge. So it f falls over the hand. Yeah? Yeah? Yeah. Well I have at home a remote with a bridge. It's just a half round half half circle at And then it falls exactly over the hand, and that's very nice. That's It feels comfortable. Yeah. Yeah, alright. Um where did I put it? Um conceptual phase, I think this is it. I got this from our friends. So Uh yeah the conceptual design. These are a few examples which we have to decide about. All the the materials from the case, uh the electric cable that's all your uh your side of the story. Um Yeah. Um now from the user interface, your uh package? Um where No well, that's more like the buttons where they have to come. And um B a bit of, yeah well, a bit of uh design. Yes, but we have to decide about these now. And uh the trend-watching. So as you said, fruity is in, well sells good. Wow. Uh these things. Uh yes. Um so if we uh go through them Yeah well uh Why should I uh Yeah. So What what kind of properties should it have? Well we just listened. You know what? Alright. I've uh Titanium back, plastic front. Okay. Um well I am going to put it in here, uh because we can uh look. I Um solid feel and trendy look. So material, um hard plastic for the front? Okay. And well the the electrical cable is just normal uh. It's uh from uh our coffee uh Of course. Well uh all the all the inside work of our remote is uh standard work. So The chip is normal silicon. Uh the buttons are normal, etcetera. Okay? So that's just easy. Uh we decide about that just by looking at our competitors and our earlier uh remotes. The conceptual specification of the user interface? Um well we have our beautiful drawing. Well you can put that in uh into the shared folder, and then I'll put it in our end report. Yes, you can Mm yeah. You can uh put some uh which button is what. Okay. Um the trend-watching included these days. And what do we? We thing that fruit and bright colours are Yes. We can also uh implement um we can also implement fronts from um movies that are very hot. Uh those kind of things. Yeah. Launch different lines at once. We should not give them the m the most lovely front when they buy it for the first time. Yeah. Come on. We still have to make those fifty million, yeah?. The most ugly. Two. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Um well the buttons etcetera, we get from Mike. Uh this fruit and bright colours, yeah well I think we'll have to in the next uh half an hour, we'll have to uh s s specify the different uh types we want to launch, when we uh well introduce our remote. Yes. Yes. Well I'll have to, before I get another warning for five minutes, I'm going to get Where is my mouse? Uh where is my mouse? Oh yeah. Um this is it. Well, um this we have. Uh basic stuff. Interface we have. Supplements, L_C_D_. Maybe a a cheap voice recording. Well Yes. Alright. Individual actions. Industry designer,. User Interface, Mike. You're going to work together on a prototype drawing on the SMARTboard. That's what I got uh to hear. Yes well we'll get it to hear that I think. But I think so. Th they're saying SMARTboard and that's it This is the SMARTboard, so Um so you can uh you you are going to make a prototype, and y Well that's includes uh specifying the buttons etcetera. Yeah. So you'll get it on your em on your laptop. Um well you will go and do something else uh on the project yeah project evaluation. So um, what are you going to do? Uh I don't know what product evaluation exactly means, but uh you'll get uh the specifications. Yeah. That's why I uh But uh How long do we still have? Yeah. Why does Ah f fuck you. Heh? We can't get Ts It doesn't work any more. We can't save them. So we'll just have them uh standing there. No. It's a bit uh bit a pity. Well we still have uh more than five minutes. Um So what are we going to do? I as Project Manager ha don't have a clue. Oh we can uh decide how we implement the feeling from our company into the remote. Also the slogan? On the We put the fashion in electronics. We put the fashion in electronics. On the top. Yeah. Well in in in the right top corner? And well you c On the back, you can put uh h At the bottom, you can put the logo with the Yeah. Just just small. Yeah well Carved into the material. No, you you can carve it into the titanium at the back. Well, management would like it. The front side, no no l no slogan. Sorry. Yes, slogan from company on the back with logo and logo also on the front but not exchange uh Uh? Hmm? Uh when changing fronts. Alright, that's decided. Five minutes left. So a bit of titanium between? That's a bit Oh that that's that's pretty cool. No? Yes. I already have uh all kinds of uh filth between the mobile. Yeah. Round forms. Yep. Yeah. What? So round where? Oh, yeah. Yes, that also sounds uh pretty uh neat. We want it. And it's only f twenty five Euros. Come on. No that's nothing. The Phillips remote uh costs more. Well uh you two are going to work together. You'll get your uh specifications on your uh laptop, and then uh you uh Well I think we can, I just It's Yeah, o Oh Oh, we have a one. So, you can uh draw a Yeah. Well I'll get a I'll get the message. No, I think uh Well you'll Maybe you can uh keep your uh laptop here. Or get your mouse. Because it's little bit uh hard to work with these uh plates. I always have a mouse next to my laptop. I hate these Ugh. And in your remote control. So we put a touch pad on it, and say ha ha. Yeah. We know you'll you'll you'll hate it but But they do want some gadgets. So that's wha what we're doing. Well we won't. Our bosses will be rich. Well, that's not bad, is it? Mm. So Oh. Oh he's totally off again. Well But when I start here, it's here. So is it Nope. Yeah. Let's go. Finish the meeting now. Alright now we know what to do, so Um Message? No, get away. Um I I'm not sure. Maybe you Yeah. Well you'll have to work on this one. Yeah. That's a good idea. Well Good luck.
